Data Scientist - Healthcare Claims Analytics 
Job no: 495282Work type: Regular Full-TimeLocation: Bethesda, MDCapability Area: Health Care 
JOB DESCRIPTION: 
NORC at the University of Chicago seeks a talented Data Scientist to perform claims analytics work related to Medicare, Medicaid, and private plans and conduct quantitative analyses supporting NORCs health care projects. NORC is seeking an experienced candidate with methodological and analytic expertise in claims analytics. This position will be based out of our Bethesda, MD office. 
DEPARTMENT: HEALTH CARE 
NORCs expertise and ongoing work in health care delivery and financing  including access to insurance, payment and delivery-system reform, benefit design, and quality measurement  advance stakeholders understanding of policies and programs, facilitate implementation, and contribute to important improvements in cost and quality. 
NORCs expert staff has extensive knowledge of all aspects of health care delivery, from private marketplaces and employer-sponsored insurance to Medicare and Medicaid; from large health care systems to small clinics; and from the needs of children to those of older adults, people with disabilities, and ethnic and racial minorities. Our expert team includes social scientists that acquire, collect, and analyze data from health care organizations and patients; evaluators; health services researchers; health-policy analysts; and professionals with first-hand experience running and supporting health care programs. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Work with healthcare claims and administrative data, and create analytic data products to support various healthcare research and technical assistance projects.  

Implement specifications for rigorous study designs, and measures of performance such as cost and quality, to evaluate the impact of healthcare programs and policies.  

Participate in and contribute to internal discussions and strategic thinking concerning future research opportunities and the implications of ongoing policy-making for NORC.  

Contribute to multiple project teams of senior, mid-level, and junior staff, to meet client expectations and contractual requirements.   
REQUIRED SKILLS:  

Bachelors or Masters degree or higher in social sciences, math, statistics, or computer science or a related field     

At least 5 years of SAS programming experience in an academic or professional environment, and familiarity with other programming languages such as STATA and R  

Experience working with Medicare and private health plan claims and encounter data.  

Experience working with Medicaid data sources such as MSIS and AlphaMax.  

Familiarity with Center of Medicare & Medicaid Services data environments including CCW, VRDC, Integrated Data Repository (IDR), and Mainframe.  

Knowledge of claims analytics methodologies including attribution, risk adjustment, and episode grouping.  

Experience with creating common health care quality measures used by CMS from raw claims.  

Knowledge of the Medicare and/or Medicaid programs, including delivery system reform, provider payment, access to care, and beneficiary experience.  

Experience with policy analysis in a government or professional services environment.  

Excellent communication skills and aptitude in working with project teams, coordinating multiple projects (including those run by others within NORC).Ability to organize and prioritize work assignments to meet project needs.   
PREFERRED SKILLS:  

Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Vertica, or multithread data management technologies  

Experience working for the federal government or a federal contractor, ideally with work focusing on the Medicare and/or Medicaid program.   
WHAT WE DO: 
NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective, non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions. Since 1941, our teams have conducted groundbreaking studies, created and applied innovative methods and tools, and advanced principles of scientific integrity and collaboration. Today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with us to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge. 
WHO WE ARE: 
For over 75 years, NORC has evolved in many ways, moving the needle with research methods, technical applications and groundbreaking research findings. But our tradition of excellence, passion for innovation, and commitment to collegiality have remained constant components of who we are as a brand, and who each of us is as a member of the NORC team. With world-class benefits, a business casual environment, and an emphasis on continuous learning, NORC is a place where people join for the stellar research and analysis work for which were known, and stay for the relationships they form with their colleagues who take pride in the impact their work is making on a global scale. 
EEO STATEMENT:  
NORC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. NORC evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics. 
Advertised: May 24, 2019Eastern Daylight TimeApplications close:  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Bethesda, MD 20811 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_32378a6a8a47bafb27f8544abb461368
