Inscopix, a discovery phase neurotechnology company, is seeking a Data Scientist to lead our team of Data Scientists and drive the study and design of novel data analyses for our Inscopix nVista and nVoke platforms. 
As the Lead Data Scientist, you will be a key member of our collaborative R&D team.  You will lead and manage our Data Scientists involved in experimental design and analysis of new technology applications. In close collaboration with our internal scientists and software developers, you will help further understanding of neurodegenerative diseases and accelerate basic Neuroscience research by developing robust image processing and statistical analysis tools for calcium imaging data. You will also engage in high-throughput cloud processing of neural data with our C++/Python stack. 
The ideal candidate will have/be:  

PhD or Masters in a STEM field with Neuroscience exposure  

5+ years of data science experience in the Neuroscience Field  

2+ years of managing a data science team  

Hands-on experience with statistics and machine learning  

Strong mathematical/scientific programming skills and data visualization in Python or R  

Experience with large-scale data analysis, cloud computing experience a plus  

Experience working closely with experimentalists in study design and data analysis             

Experience with image processing, calcium imaging experience a big plus  

Team-Oriented - ability to multitask on a variety of projects with diverse needs    

Detailed-Oriented - ability to develop detailed plans and then execute on those plans       

Priority-Minded - ability to stay focused, identifying and executing on only the most important issues  

Adaptable - ability to know when and how to act quickly to proactively solve problems   
Unique features of working for Inscopix:  

Opportunity to work in a highly collaborative environment with interdisciplinary teams    

Early access to ground-breaking technologies  

Focus on transformative research with high impact  

Significant training resources  

Exposure to and collaborations with leading neuroscientists in academia and industry   
How to Apply: 
Please forward Cover Letter with Resume. 
About Us: 
Decoding the neural language of the brain is the defining scientific challenge and opportunity of the 21st Century.  Inscopix is a discovery phase neurotechnology company based in Palo Alto developing a platform and full stack for real-time brain mapping. Our team brings together deep domain expertise in neuroscience, physics, engineering, software development, and data science and is enabling radically new approaches to understanding the brain in health and disease. Inscopix?s neurotechnologies and the knowledge that they foster will transform human existence, from alleviating the suffering caused by debilitating brain disorders, to the development of advanced artificial intelligence, to a more profound understanding of what makes us the dominant species on Planet Earth. nVista and nVoke, our flagship products, are in use today at over 300 research institutions across the world, and have resulted in over 50 top-tier scientific publications on learning, memory, cognition, and on the brain circuits implicated in diseases such as Parkinson?s. Our instrumentation products are accompanied with sophisticated data analysis software as part of end-to-end solutions for generating and analyzing brain activity data. Inscopix has been recognized as a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, and by Deloitte as one of North America?s fastest growing technology companies. 
Inscopix is an equal employment opportunity employer. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Palo Alto, CA 94306 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_e6e5abd5c3ced6b2dda373bde7b0b81d
