Minimum Required Skills Python, Machine Learning Algorithms, Recommendation Systems, Data Analysis, R, Machine Learning Models, Matrix-Level Calculations, Machine Learning Productization, Cloud-based Computing, Data Pipelines  If you are a Data Scientist with ML algorithm development experience, you'll want to read this...  We are the fastest growing marketplace in the multi-billion dollar beauty and wellness industry. Our proprietary platform allows independent hair stylists, manicurists, and masseuses to quickly and efficiently manage online appointment bookings. Since our foundation in 2011, we have powered over 10 million consumers to book 53 million appointments throughout the country.   We are looking to bring on a Data ScientistMachine Learning Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in San Francisco, CA.  What You Need for this Position  At least 3 years of (most of) this  - Machine Learning AlgorithmsModels - Data Science - Recommendation Systems - Dynamic Pricing  - PythonR - Matrix-Level Calculations - Productization - Cloud-Based Computing - Data Pipelines - PyTorchTensorFlow  What's In It for You  - Competitive compensation with stock options - Generous compensation package with the works - Growth opportunities - Fully stocked kitchen with daily catered lunches  - Beautiful office location - Work for an exciting but stable and rapidly growing team - Surround yourself with top industry talent and management that cares about your growthSo, if you are a Data Scientist with relevant experience, please apply today!  Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume!  Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you.  - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions.  Looking forward to receiving your resume!  CyberCoders   CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.  Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_144650f8075f229480780943852d24b8
