DATA SCIENTIST WITH BIOINFORMATICS AND STATISTICAL MODELING   
   LAWRENCEVILLE, NJ   
   
   Project Description:  
Looking for a Data Scientist with a Bioinformatic background. Strong statistical modeling and analysis experience wanted. They will analyze the molecular profiles of diseases, so Translational or Precision medicine experience is also wanted. Candidate should be able to speak Cox model, logistical regression, random effect, mixed effected models and Time-varying covariates. They should know when to use each model. 
 
 Design and develop scientific machine learning capabilities and analytics for Client R&D. This includes high dimensional machine learning analysis of biomarker data sets for Translational Medicine. Design and develop high dimensional biomarker data analysis capability. A successful candidate must have strong independent machine learning analytics skills of biomarkers data but also be able to contribute significantly to analysis, prototype and design activities. The ability to thrive in an agile iterative and highly collaborative team environment is a must.  
    	
   Applying cutting-edge bioinformatics, statistics, and machine learning methods, analyze clinical and high dimensional biomarker data sets from clinical studies.    	
   Perform independent analysis and/or validate analysis results.    	
   Summarize analysis results and report conclusions to Client decision-making bodies.    	
   Evaluate and adapt latest analysis methods.        
 Required Skills:    	
  Master's degree in applied mathematics, statistics, bioinformatics, or related fields. PhD preferred.   	
  Advanced expertise in biostatistics, machine learning, scientific data mining including high dimensional multivariate analysis.   	
  Familiar with Cox model, logistical regression, random effect, mixed effected models. Time-varying covariates.   	
  Strong skills in R. Familiar with machine learning frameworks and their applications in biomedical research.   	
  Experiences working with clinical study data is a plus; knowledge of biology in general and oncology is a plus.   	
  Experiences in scientific data analytics and BioPharmaceutical R&D is a strong plus.   	
  The ability to thrive in an agile iterative and highly collaborative team environment is a must.    	
  Strong communication skills to interact effectively with project stakeholders and articulate design ideas.       
This 5+ month position starts ASAP.
 
Please E-MAIL your resume (attachment to email) with rate and availability to Bridget:   bridget@alphaconsulting.com  
 
 ALPHA'S REQUIREMENT #19-01182 
MUST BE ELIGIBLE TO WORK IN THE U.S. AS AN HOURLY W2 EMPLOYEE

#ZR   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-01182
