Make an Impact as You Build a Progressive Career Home at a Fast-Growth Industry Leader  Professional Growth, Great Culture and More at One of the World's Largest, Most Admired Private Hospitality Companies Top five reasons to bring your unique talents to Delaware North: 
You'll  expand your skills and experience  across multiple industry sectors, including food and beverage concessions, premium dining, entertainment, lodging, and retail. 
Our culture encourages  fresh thinking  and a  collaborative spirit,  and since our job is to make sure guests have unforgettable experiences, our atmosphere is  upbeat and positive.  
We may be the largest company you've never heard of, but  you know many of our brands and venues , like the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex, London's Wembley Stadium, The Tenaya Lodge at Yosemite and many others. 
We are recognized for the  strong values  that have guided us for  over 100 years,  including integrity, hard work, determination, service, generosity and honesty. 
You'll join a company that has an  award-winning commitment to corporate social responsibility . We know we have the power to make the world a better place by being a good neighbor, an advocate for the environment and a catalyst for our communities.   To be a good fit for the Data Scientist II opportunity, you will have: 
Masters in Business, Mathematics, Computer Science or Analytics. 
2+ years experience in an analytics or business intelligence role.  
Data processing in SAS, SQL or equivalent.  
Experience working with HRIS 
  Statistical analysis, using SAS, R, python or equivalent.  
Strong Excel skills. 
Demonstrated ability to translate between technical and business concepts, and communicate to a broad variety of functional areas.   We invite you to take a fresh look at Buffalo, New York -- yes, we have snow, but we also have an economy on the upswing, a low cost of living, and an exciting array of choices for shopping, entertainment and more. See the  About Buffalo  tab, below. Relocation assistance is available to highly qualified candidates.


We set the stage for some of life’s great moments,  from the first serve at the Australian Open, to the Super Bowl kickoff, to a four-star meal at LAX, to seeing the natural wonder of the Grand Canyon. In these moments and in millions more like them, Delaware North is there. We’re working behind the scenes, making each guest experience, moment and memory the best it can be. With operations on four continents, serving half a billion guests a year, it's not easy to come up with a simple phrase that captures all we do. But we’d like you to think of us as a team 60,000 strong working behind the scenes to create world-class experiences. And our passion is to go beyond guest expectations.

EOE/AA/M/F/Vets/Disabled 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10010 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Entertainment Venues and Theaters 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         PostingMachine19193
