DATA SCIENTIST (R OR PYTHON) - PERM - TAMPA, FL

The end client is unable to sponsor or transfer visas for this position; all parties authorized to work in the US without sponsorship are encouraged to apply.

Data Scientist Skill Requirements:

1. Senior Data Scientist
2. Experience with R OR Strong experience with Python 
3. 5+ years of deep experience with machine learning. 
4. Experience building computer vision systems focusing on satellite imagery 
5. Experience using big data frameworks such as hive, spark or similar
6. Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline

Why Hays?

You will be working with a professional recruiter who has intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends . Your Hays recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and drivers. You will also get support on resume writing, interview tips, and career planning, so when there's a position you really want, you're fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting role, Hays offers you the opportunity to enroll in full medical, dental or vision benefits. 

* Medical 
* Dental 
* Vision 
* 401K 
* Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit)
* ATOP - Accrued time off program
* Consultant lunches and outings 
* Care packages/Survival packs
* Dedicated Consulting Services Representative

Nervous about an upcoming interview? Unsure how to write a new resume?

Visit the Hays Career Advice section to learn top tips to help you stand out from the crowd when job hunting. 

Hays is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Drug testing may be required; please contact a recruiter for more information.



 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Tampa, FL 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1098097_1560880615
