Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.

In June 2019 the Libra Association announced plans for Libra – a new global cryptocurrency that runs on the Libra network. Libra's mission is to create a simple global financial infrastructure that empowers billions of people around the world. It's powered by blockchain technology and the plan is to launch it in 2020.

Calibra is a newly formed Facebook subsidiary whose goal is to provide financial services that will enable people to access and participate in the Libra network. Our first product will be a digital wallet for Libra, a new global currency powered by blockchain technology, and it will be available in 2020 in Messenger, WhatsApp, and as a standalone app. Our vision is to reinvent money and transform the global economy so people everywhere can live better lives. Calibra will let you send Libra to almost anyone with a smartphone, as easily and instantly as you might send a text message or photo, and at low to no cost. And, in time, we plan to offer additional services for people and businesses, such as paying bills with the push of a button, buying a cup of coffee with the scan of a code, or riding your local public transit without needing to carry cash or a metro pass.

Facebook is seeking an experienced Growth Data Scientist to lead growth and engagement initiatives for Calibra. We are looking for a professional that loves working with data to drive product and marketing results. Our team’s mission is to develop a world class wallet product that solves real pain points for our users across the globe. We want someone with substantial experience helping to grow products using sound growth patterns and a fast, iterative mindset.

This position is located in our Menlo Park office.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Product Leadership Responsibilities:

Lead the ideation and execution of product changes that drive growth, partnering with Product Management, Engineering, Design, and Content Strategy

Define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products

Communicate details, updates and implementations across all stakeholders and teams with extreme attention to detail

Communicates and simplifies concepts to the audience's needs

Analytical Responsibilities:

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products, identify growth opportunities, and execute on projects to drive growth and engagement

Product Growth Analysis:

Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends

Identifying new levers to help move key metrics

Proposing what to build in the product roadmap

Data Driven Leadership:

Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations

Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams

Spreading best practices for growth with product teams to drive impact

Product Marketing Responsibilities:

Understand the competitive landscape of products and Facebook’s relative position to inform the product growth strategy and design

Plan and lead cross-functional efforts to take known product optimizations and implement them in other places

Lead marketing efforts partnering with Product teams, to effectively promote high retention experiences globally

Drive multiple projects from strategy to execution in a fast-paced environment in an organized way

Work on offsite marketing channels like SEO, SEM, and email with product teams to grow acquisition and improve retention by reaching people when they do not yet have an account, or to bring people back

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

2+ years of experience in managing other team members in a formal or informal capacity.

5+ years of experience in marketing, advertising or growth.

5+ years of experience managing projects.

6+ years of quantitative analysis experience.

3+ years of experience with SQL or other programming languages.

Experience initiating and driving projects to completion with minimal guidance.

Experience analyzing, interpreting, and leveraging data to make business decisions.

Experience communicating insights and ideas.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

BS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, Statistics or related quantitative field.

Software development experience.

Internet Marketing experience, in particular for financial services products.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
