Job Details: -->
Data Scientist 
Requirements:

    The ideal candidate will have an extensive background in scientific  design of real-time data acquisition system computer systems and be able to apply this technical expertise to enhance users experience with our systems. Candidates having a subset of the qualifications with a demonstrated propensity to learn will be considered.
    A university degree in computer science, applied mathematics, engineering, physics, chemistry, or other technical field is required (MS or PhD preferred).
    Multi-year experience with porting and optimizing highly parallel scientific applications on Linux-based systems. Experience with HPC systems; applicable course work, and internship experience are considered relevant.

• Proficiency with running large scientific applications on large HPC systems • Proficiency with scientific/engineering languages [C++, C, modern Fortran, Python, MPI, OpenMP, etc.]. 
Proficiency in the design of real-time data acquisition systems

    Proficiency with the use of performance analysis tools, compiler tools, and debuggers.
    Proficiency with programming for GPUS.
    An understanding of HPC systems architectures and interconnects.
    Ability to work with scientific application code targeted for future processors (both CPUs and GPUs).
    A good understanding of I/O and storage, and ability to optimize I/O performance on HPC systems.
    Keen analytical skills and problem solving ability.
    Ability to coordinate multiple tasks and adapt to change in a fast paced challenging environment.
    Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills.
    Ability to work within a team to complete tasks on schedule.
    Ability to recognize and address issues encountered when working with leading edge technology.

 
   Kevin McCarthy  
   Liberty Personnel Services, Inc.   
410 Feheley Drive | King of Prussia, PA 19406      
Direct Line: 484.238.1949 
    kevin@libertyjobs.com      www.libertyjobs.com  
   http://www.linkedin.com/pub/kevin-mccarthy/0/521/133  
  
Code: liberty123  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Princeton, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Construction - Industrial Facilities and Infrastructure 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         53107
