TECHNOGEN, Inc. is a Proven Leader in providing full IT Services, Software Development and Solutions for 15 years. TECHNOGEN is a Small & Woman Owned Minority Business with GSA Advantage Certification. We have offices in VA; MD & Offshore development centers in India. We have successfully executed 100+ projects for clients ranging from small business and non-profits to Fortune 50 companies and federal, state and local agencies. Please send me the resumes to john@technogeninc.com and 7034391031 job position:Data Scientist Location:Boston,Massachusetts Duration:6+Months The Team The AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand. The Expertise You Have Minimum Master's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields. Advanced knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies. Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.), Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project. Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. Three to five successfully launched ML projects would be ideal. Programming skills in Python, Spark, Scala, R or MatLab The Skills You Bring Your solid skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling You have deep knowledge of some combination of the following: Natural Language Processing (NLP) Deep Learning, Neural Networks Real Time Event Detection and Scoring Time series analysis, Econometrics Robotic Process Automation Cloud ML The Value You Deliver You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead ML strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal candidate will combine expert AI/ML/Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms/models/programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to Fidelity. Required Skills : Scala,Python, Spark, MATLAB, R, algorithm development
