Marsh's Digital team is looking for someone that is passionate about using their actuarial knowledge and business support experience to be a part of Marsh's transformation. Creative, untraditional solutions that you have the ability of leading to the very end- what a feeling! This level of engagement with our business leaders would position you for the long, successful career that you've been waiting on. 
This position is for a seasoned professional individual contributor in Data Science, who independently and with minimal supervision, develops complex quantitative models and statistical analyses for insurance risk modeling. This position consults with clients and colleagues on complex financial and statistical analyses, and develops the team's strategy to implement new, market-leading analytics-based tools. 

Responsibilities   
Develops strategy on implementing new, market-leading analytics-based tools to understand and address risk 
Understands business problems to create and approach that starts with determining structured and unstructured data needs and availability, builds predictive and/or Machine Learning models, and finalizes with results that unlock insight for clients and colleagues 
Demonstrates advanced statistical analysis skill, data mining, actuarial, and/or research techniques, combined with broader awareness of the business and ongoing research, to function in a collaborative and consultancy role 
Coaches team members on the delivery of analytics-based tools and analyses and presentation of findings 
Manages mid to large-sized projects to direct the team in developing analytics-based tools  

Qualifications   
5+ years of related professional experience 
Pursuing designation from the Casualty Actuarial Society with 4+ passed exams preferred 
Experience with casualty or reinsurance business highly preferred 
Bachelor s Degree in Math, Statistics, Actuarial Science or related field 
Seasoned professional individual contributor 
Can work independently with minimal supervision with ability to manage projects/processes 
Ability to coach and review the work of lower level professionals. 
Ability to face difficult and sometimes complex problems. 
Ability to influence others within and outside of the job function regarding approach and procedures. 
Ability to develop strong internal/external client oriented solutions 
Expert statistical modeling knowledge, including familiarity with machine learning techniques 
Superior detail orientation, excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Required knowledge of programming languages   Python and R preferred, though familiarity with legacy languages/tools (e. g. SAS, VBA, SQL, etc.) may still be helpful 
Microsoft Office skills preferred  
#MMC #CAREERS #CAS #REINSURANCE #MARSH #ACTUARY #DATASCIENTIST #PYTHON #SAS #R 
Marsh is a global leader in insurance broking and risk management. In more than 130 countries, our experts in every facet of risk and across industries help clients to anticipate, quantify, and more fully understand the range of risks they face. We work with clients of all sizes to define, design, and deliver innovative solutions to better quantify and manage risk. We offer risk management, risk consulting, insurance broking, alternative risk financing, and insurance program management services to businesses, government entities, organizations, and individuals around the world.  To every client interaction we bring an unmatched combination of deep intellectual capital, industry-specific expertise, global experience, and collaboration.  Since 1871, clients have relied on Marsh for trusted advice, to represent their interests in the marketplace, make sense of an increasingly complex world, and help turn risks into new opportunities for growth. Our more than 30,000 colleagues work on behalf of our clients, who are enterprises of all sizes in every industry, and include individuals, multinational organizations, and government entities worldwide. We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients.  Visit www. marsh. com for more information and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @MarshGlobal 
Marsh and its separately incorporated operating entities around the world are part of Marsh & McLennan Companies, a publicly held company (ticker symbol: MMC). 
Marsh & McLennan Companies offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://www. mmc. com/.  We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: www. mmc. com/diversity. 
Marsh & McLennan Companies and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10261 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_746d7ee4ef89ae5998e9fae53dfe09ba
