EXCITED TO GROW YOUR CAREER? WERE GLAD YOURE HERE! 
Some data-driven careers are lack-luster, sitting behind a computer screen, crunching the same numbers you crunched yesterday. Not with this team.With our Decision Sciences team, innovation and creativity separate us  and our leaders encourage not just out-of-the-box thinking, but break-it-to-make-it-better thinking. Decision Sciences is a one-of-a-kind and evolving team. We come from a diverse range of experiences and backgrounds.  We embrace new technology, fresh ideas, and learning new things. 
Take a look at the managers hiring for this team and their backgrounds: http://decisionsciences.maritz.com/about-us/ 
You will not be a small part of a whole. You will help our clients make smart business decisions based on data.  You will help take this team to the next level of data science. You can make a real difference on this team. 
All of that, and you get to work for Maritz  annually recognized as one of the best places to work in St. Louis. Maritz Motivation - Decision Sciences is where Maritz long history of behavioral research and modern data science combine to create a brilliant, unique data-based approach to make our clients programs effective and efficient. Its a mix of great teammates, interesting problems to solve, playing board games over lunch, and team outings to the movie theater. And its growing. Again. 
Were looking for someone to join our team who can leverage statistical analysis, data visualization, strategic thinking, and behavioral science, but also listens to a clients problems and designs effective solutions. 
The Details 
You will work closely with other Decision Sciences talent to identify a need, design a solution, wrangle data, perform analyses, and communicate results to a non-technical audience. We need someone with coding experience (excel alone isnt enough) and familiarity with predictive modeling and machine learning.Within the scope of employee recognition, sales incentive, channel loyalty and/or consumer rewards programs, develops analysis of client program performance utilizing internal Maritz, client and third party data, deriving actionable insights and recommendations.  Develops basic statistical models which may predict participant behavior and forecast engagement activity and program revenue. Assists in conducting business reviews, presenting findings, program enhancements, and marketing recommendations to the client(s). 
Key day-to-day responsibilities  

Data analysis skills and a passion for growing them  

Develop data analyses and visualizations  

Conduct analyses to measure the effect of programs, campaigns, or other efforts  

Create statistical models  regression, classification, text-mining, or machine learning models  

Developing financial models, such as return-on-investment (ROI) and forecasts  

Applying historical data to perform "what if" scenarios to recommend the proper course of action  

Relationships, both internal and external. Builds them, grows them, loves them.  

Share the results of complex analyses to non-technical audiences, both internal teams and outside clients, and emphasize data-driven strategic insights to drive business performance  

While much of our day-to-day client contact is over the phone, some travel may be required, as we always prefer face-to-face meetings with our clients and satellite offices.   
You should possess most of these qualifications:  

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in statistics, economics, psychology, engineering, applied math, physics, computer science, operations research, or any other quantitative program required. Masters or similar advanced degree preferred.  

Some experience supporting clients in a business or marketing environment.  

Knowledge of statistics, predictive modeling, or machine learning techniques and a desire to keep up on the latest trends in data science  

Some experience with relational database systems or SQL desired.  

Experience in one or more programming languages, such as R or Python.  

Demonstrated ability to present complex models and ideas to decision makers using both oral and written presentation skills.  

Experience in the customer loyalty or marketing industry is a plus.  

Knowledge of behavioral science and/or behavioral economics a plus  

Desire to learn new skills and grow in this role.   
Maritz will only employ applicants who have authorization to work permanently in the U.S. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Those who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future are not eligible for hire. No calls or agencies please. 
Maritz is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment. If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-636-827-1650 or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@maritz.com. 
At Maritz, we believe in putting people at the center of business. Our clients rely on us to help them strengthen their relationships with employees, customers and sales partners. It helps their businesses grow and thrive, and its made us industry leaders. Join our award-winning culture and experience a fun, exciting and collaborative work environment that celebrates success and pushes you to be your best self. 
Maritz and its family of companies boast a wide variety of careers. Check out our Careers page to learn more. 
Interested in working for one of our companies? 
Learn more about opportunities with Maritz Motivation Solutions. 
Learn more about opportunities with Maritz Global Events. 
Learn more about opportunities with MaritzCX. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Fenton, MO 63099 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_87c5e403920f5bd579f8e8a21bf9a747
