What you’ll be doing...

As a Principal Data Scientist, you’ll be ensuring that analytics drive continuous business improvements, bringing more profitable growth and an even better customer experience. You’ll define the analytics strategy and champion that strategy across the business, in order to create buy-in for data-driven decision making. Your end goal is to recommend improvements that will go straight to the bottom line, by helping us serve our customers.

Partner with others to understand business challenges.

Design creative approaches to uncover the biggest opportunities for cost and time savings.

Define and drive the analytics strategy and modeling approaches.

Build business cases and translating findings into practical business implications.

Drive the adoption of analytics in decision making.

What we’re looking for...

You'll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Experience with SQL and either Python, R or SAS

Project management experience.

Experience working across channels and work groups.

Experience working with CRM systems, operations, and finance to deliver against marketing objectives.

Experience inMicrosoft Office suite, particularly Excel and PowerPoint.

Even better if you have:

Master's degree or MBA.

Experience building relationships and working as a team player.

Five or more years of experience in the wireless industry. Delivering results in a marketing capacity with experience in loyalty and retention, base campaigns and CRM strategy development/execution.

Excellent oral and written communication skills; with demonstrated experience building and delivering executive level presentations

Experience working with Marketing and Go-To-Market teams on delivering high quality training materials.

Passion for our customers – fully wanting to understand their needs and wants and how we can better serve them.

Capability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-changing environment that requires a high degree of multi-tasking with minimal supervision.

Willingness to travel.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
