JOB DESCRIPTION FROM CLIENT: Senior Data Scientist We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who will be focused on the digital space, understanding the customer behavior as they travel through various channels and work on the customer journey analytics. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. You will work on Advanced Analytics using Big Data, Data Warehousing, Cognitive and Heuristic platforms. * Research, design, implement, and oversee high-end analytical/technology process and solutions with a focus on leveraging advanced machine learning, artificial intelligence and cognitive methods. * Work with the business to understand the requirements of the digital challenges, heuristic, machine and cognitive analysis and communicate back the results. * Build analytical solutions and models by manipulating large data sets and integrating diverse data sources. * Perform ad-hoc analysis and develop reproducible analytical approaches to meet business requirements. * Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods. * Apply machine learning and statistical techniques to large data sets to find actionable insights. * Use complex algorithms to develop systems & applications that deliver business functions or architectural components. * Present results and recommendations to senior management and business users. * Responsible for providing line of sight to data quality and gaps where issues need to be addressed. * Communicate the business value of technical solutions. * Discover mutually beneficial solutions across customers while recognizing different styles. You'll need to have: * Bachelor's degree or eight or more years of work experience. * Six or more years of relevant work experience. * Experience working with and creating data architectures. * Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, Scala, PySpark, Java, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. * Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, XGBoost, Genetic Algorithms etc. * Deep Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. * Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, State Space, text mining, social network analysis, etc. * Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Tez, Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark etc. * Experience in adhoc analysis and developing reproducible analytical approaches to meet business requirements. * Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. * Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. * A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. Even better if you have: * Master's degree in Business Intelligence and Analytics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field. * Capability to package analysis in clear and concise reports and presentations. * Adept at communicating with business and technical stakeholders. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company.
