We are seeking a talented individual for a Sr Data Scientist position.

This role is a hands-on role in developing data science models for large-scale analytics projects end-to-end in support of business objectives. The successful candidate will have a track record of successfully delivering data science projects with business impact.

Essential Responsibilities:

Lead large data science projects and deliver innovative technical solutions to solve problems and improve business outcomes.

Design, develop, test, validate, and deploy Machine Learning (ML) /Statistical models to not only learn from our vast amounts of data but to build new products.

Work closely with engineers to deploy models to production both in batch and real time while systematically tracking model performance.

Build complex data sets from multiple data sources and write complex data flows using SQL, Spark and scripting languages (e.g., Python, R).

Lead large data science projects and deliver innovative technical solutions to solve problems and improve business outcomes.

Present findings to both technical and non-technical audiences.

Be a subject matter expert on machine learning and predictive modeling.

Assist engagements with key business stakeholders in discussion on business opportunities.

Be an evangelist driving wider adoption of analytics across the enterprise.

Empathize and connect with people on the team and help cultivate an inclusive team culture.

Non-Essential Responsibilities:

Performs other functions as assigned

Qualifications :

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Design, develop, test, validate, and deploy Machine Learning (ML) /Statistical models to not only learn from our vast amounts of data but to build new products.

Work closely with engineers to deploy models to production both in batch and real time while systematically tracking model performance.

Build complex data sets from multiple data sources and write complex data flows using SQL, Spark and scripting languages (e.g., Python, R).

Use data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Kibana, Zeppelin) to share ongoing insights.

Work Conditions and Physical Demands:

Primarily sedentary work in a general office environment

Ability to communicate and exchange information

Ability to comprehend and interpret documents and data

Requires occasional standing, walking, lifting, and moving objects (up to 10 Ibs.)

Requires manual dexterity to use computer, telephone and peripherals

May be required to work extended hours for special business needs

May be required to travel at least 10% of time based on business needs

Minimum Education:

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Stats, CS, Math, Physics, Economics, or other quantitative field.

Minimum Related Work Experience:

5+’ years of industry experience in Data Science/Machine Learning as a mid-senior data scientist/technical lead developing ML models with business impact.

5+ years’ hands-on, industry experience with data & languages such as e.g. SQL, Python, R, Scala

5+ years’ experience in data analysis using Relational Databases, SQL, & Hadoop.

2+ years’ experience in leading complex data science projects from dev to prod, end-to-end.

2+ years’ experience in designing and implementing ML pipelines in production environments.

2 years of experience with Apache Spark (including Datasets, SparkML) and other Big Data analytics tools (e.g. Hadoop ecosystem, PySpark, GraphML).

Experience with 2 or more additional modeling techniques (i.e. Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Time Series Analysis, Optimization algorithms) is a plus.

Experience with one or more deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe) is a plus

Experience implementing solutions in a cloud environment (AWS or Azure) is a plus.

Experience from working in Lean and Agile environments is a plus.

Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

EOE including disability/veteran

Job Posting : Jul 2, 2019, 11:09:05 PM

Work Locations : USA-Texas-Irving
