Data Scientist Research Analyst - Tisch College - (19001552)

Description

This is a part-time, benefits eligible position working 17.5 hours per week.

The Jonathan M. Tisch College of Civic Life prepares Tufts University students to become active citizens and community leaders. The only university-wide college of its kind, Tisch engages Tufts students in meaningful community building, public service experiences, and transformational learning. It also conducts and supports groundbreaking research on civic and political participation and forges innovative community partnerships.

MGGG (The Metric Geometry & Gerrymandering Group) is a working group that studies applications of geometry and computing to U.S. redistricting. MGGG pursues cutting-edge research on the redistricting problem and builds publicly accessible tools and resources to help citizens and community groups better understand districts and their consequences. Founded in 2016-17, MGGG partners with civil rights organizations to strengthen the quantitative toollkit for protecting voting rights in the U.S.

This MGGG staff position will be fully integrated in Tisch College of Civic Life, which offers a number of opportunities to develop skills in and outside of research. The Geography Research Analyst conducts research and supports a range of projects and activities. Reporting to the MGGG Director, based on the Medford/Somerville Tufts University Campus, the Research Analyst will work as part of the MGGG team on research products and activities. The Research Analyst will also interact with a larger group of colleagues at Tisch College, and will be invited to participate in various college-wide initiatives such as college-wide events and mentorship programs.

Main duties will include:

Building and maintaining open-source tools for redistricting research, including geospatial data processing and auditing packages;

Contributing to the development of Districtr, our open-source web app for drawing districts and identifying communities;

Solving data science problems that come up in our consulting and research projects, with a focus on creating dependable, systematic approaches that can be reused in the future.

Qualifications

Basic Requirements:

1-2 years of experience.

Bachelor’s degree or demonstrated competencies in relevant skills.

Proficiency using a statistical software package such as: SPSS, SAS, or STATA, and Microsoft Office Suite.

Keen attention to details and ability to manage multiple project deliverables and timelines.

Passion for using research to achieve equity in civic learning opportunities through systemic changes.

Demonstrated ability to manage complex projects.

Effective verbal, written and interpersonal skills.

Demonstrated ability to work on several projects simultaneously and meet demanding timelines.

Compose accurate and clearly written reports and documents.

Work independently within basic guidelines and parameters.

Gather and analyze available data and draw logical conclusions.

Establish and maintain effective collaborative working team relationships.

Engage in proactive problem solving and critical thinking/analysis.

Engage with diverse stakeholders of varied educational and professional backgrounds.

Preferred Qualifications:

Expertise with data visualization software and/or website management.

Direct experience with community engagement through community organizing, national service, etc.

Direct experience with young people in diverse communities.

3 years of related experience.

Knowledge of logic models, research design, statistical analysis (multivariate statistics), and qualitative and quantitative research methods.

Experience with graphic software, and in developing and maintaining data management systems.

Special Work Schedule Requirements:

Part-time, 17.5 hours per week.

An employee in this position must complete all appropriate background checks at the time of hire, promotion, or transfer.

Equal Opportunity Employer – minority/females/veterans/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity.

Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Medford/Somerville

Job: Research

Organization: Tisch College

Employee Status: Regular

Schedule: Part-time

Job Posting: Jul 2, 2019, 8:26:26 AM
