Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Summary:

This role is a chance to help build a world class Data Analytics organization at the Abbott Diagnostics Division Dallas Core Lab site. The successful candidate will bring their expertise in data analysis along with innovative ideas, a passion for data quality, and a can-do attitude to help spread a data driven culture.

The Senior Quality - Data Scientist will use their skills to gather, analyze, interpret and report quality system data from different functional areas to measure performance, identify opportunities to improve product quality, and maximize process efficiencies using PDCA and Six Sigma Lean methodologies. The position will work closely with area managers across the organization to identify appropriate metrics to ensure data is measurable and actionable, then present the data to site and executive management at regular intervals.

Main Responsibilities:

Particularly skilled in quantitative analysis and data management

Utilize technologies to collect, clean, analyze, predict, and effectively communicate information

Able to examine relevant data and quickly develop an analysis plan that will answer key business questions and create value for the organization

Understanding of machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, time-series forecasting, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, optimization, unstructured data analysis, and neural networks

Works with stakeholders to define business questions, requirements, timelines, objectives, and success criteria to address need

Analyze data, draw insights, and present results in a cohesive, intuitive, and simplistic manner to site and executive management in monthly and quarterly meetings

Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities throughout the data lifecycle

Act as Subject Matter Expert in cross functional team meetings as well as internal and external audits

Ensure compliance with associated regulations, standards, and site procedures

Position Accountability/ Scope:

Proactively contributes to multiple projects to support the solution design process and delivers the analytical models and algorithms to achieve business value

Relevant skills include applied mathematics, statistics, calculus, quantitative or statistical methods or techniques, data mining, informatics, machine learning, data science, programming, computational algorithms, information retrieval (i.e. organizing, structuring data), working with databases or data structures, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, Bayesian inference, Markov logic, software engineering and/or systems design analysis

Education:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Analytics or similar discipline including Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, or Engineering is preferred. Prior experience/education in life sciences or healthcare preferred.

Qualifications:

2-4 years’ work-related experience with degree or sufficient transferable experience to demonstrate functional equivalence to a degree.

Intermediate programming experience (e.g. SQL, Python, R, Java, Scala, C++ in Linux/Unix and/or equivalent).

Working experience with database applications.

Experience with and understanding operational or strategic systems and/or building tools.

This role does not have management responsibility.
