What you’ll be doing...

Our Business Analytics Center of Excellence (CoE) within the Finance Organization is working to develop a scalable yet agile analytics organization that drives innovation, enables self-service and delivers value for our shareholders and business partners through common analytics platforms and tools that create next generation capabilities. One of our objectives is to support the CoE's Digital Transformation Advanced Analytics initiatives by empowering the business through the use of Data Science, advanced analytics, enhance decision making and allow for insight driven collaboration.

Our Core CoE team is looking for a talented and hands on Senior Data Scientist to join the Analytics Execution team and contribute to the team's success. You will be working on multiple advanced analytics projects on behalf of multiple customers of the CoE, and drive change among these teams by deploying the solutions and insights.

You will be highly motivated, driven-to-succeed, collaborative team player, a dedicated hard-worker and an independent critical/analytical thinker. You will have a strong desire to make data and analytics a foundation for decision making; with a passion for bringing effectiveness and relevance to data assets and analytics solutions to be leveraged as a competitive advantage by the Business. Given the need to work with several cross functional IT and cross-Business teams, high emotional intelligence would help drive the successful building of these capabilities. This is a high visibility role working with several senior leaders, and success in this role will provide opportunities across the Verizon enterprise.

This role will play a key role in all the systems, data and analytics aspects within this Finance group. You will help to envision, communicate, and facilitate deployment and execution of data and analytics work produced by the CoE. You will collaborate with multiple Business and Finance teams across Verizon.

Perform the role of Data scientist for the CoE.

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Extract business insights from large amount of data using Data Science Principles

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner

Be a senior independent team member who can drive thinking and discussions among senior leaders and multiple stakeholders across the Business and Finance.

Develop strong relationships with business partners and build leadership support to transform the role of data and analytics in decision making.

Build strong cross-functional relationships and get recognized as a data and analytics subject matter expert among other teams in Finance.

Continually broaden and strengthen knowledge of analytical methods, vendors and tools.

Help foster a continuous test and learn culture and process - i.e. rapid cycle learning.

Participate in the design, implementation and interpretation of advanced analytics concepts and projects related to Big Data, AI, ML/DL and RPA.

Prepare presentations and documentations of complex statistical concepts and research results to be shared with non-statistical audience and senior stakeholders.

Provide guidance to other BU/Function Analytics teams on process improvements; perform peer reviews of other Analytics projects led by these teams.

What we’re looking for...

You'll need to have:

Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Financial Economics/Econometrics, Computer Science, or Operations Research

Eight or more years of relevant work experience.

Six or more years of experience developing and implementing analytical solutions.

Three or more years of data management, pattern recognition and visualization experience.

Proficient in SQL.

Broad and deep knowledge of optimization, simulation, classification, regression, decision trees, neural networks, cluster analysis, mixed models and forecasting models.

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as Random Forrest, K Means, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Tree etc.

Extensive experience in feature engineering, hyper parameter tuning, Model Testing, Cross Validation and accuracy analysis

Experience with data science toolkits, such as R, Python, NumPy, Tensorflow

Working knowledge with Hadoop, Hive and Teradata

Experience working with large and complex data sets stored and processed in Hadoop and Teradata data environments

Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Even better if you have:

PhD in a relevant subject (statistics, MBA, computer science, data science, operations research).

Experience developing and implementing analytical solutions to complex business problems/opportunities.

Experience with data management, pattern recognition and visualization expertise used to realize tangible and incremental financial gains and deploy strategic capabilities.

Experience working in the Consumer/Retail space within the Financial Services, Telecommunications, Technology or other related mass market industries preferred, or similar work in other industries.

Hands on usage of SAS/SPSS, Alteryx/Knime, Data Robot or comparable tool

An executive presence to present to senior leaders.

Can operate in an independent manner.

Good organizational and problem solving skills – ability to organize, plan and develop solutions to complex issues.

Capability of multitasking and delivering on quick turnaround times.

Ability to be an independent thinker who takes the initiative often to take on responsibilities and challenges.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
