Technomic is seeking an analytical Data Scientist to join our Research & Insights team out of our Chicago office!

Technomic Inc. is a leading research and consulting firm serving the food and associated industries from our downtown Chicago headquarters. We are currently seeking an ambitious, career-oriented individual to join our team as a data scientist.

The data scientist will support Technomic’s predictive & advanced analytics initiatives that span across our consumer, menu and industry solutions. The data scientist will utilize a wide variety of predictive modeling & machine learning techniques, our wealth of historical data and tools like R, Alteryx etc. to provide data driven insights. The successful candidate will be a data scientist with exceptional analytical, problem solving, and research skills and will be nimble to adopt use of new tools and techniques. Excellent verbal and written communication skills will be vital, as collaboration with cross-functional teams is key to the role's success.

Responsibilities:

Leverages analytical skill set to access data from multiple data sources for ad hoc analysis, data visualizations and predictive modeling

Research and utilize a variety of machine learning models and predictive methods to help deliver meaningful insight

Independently develop code in R/Shinyapps to support predictive & prescriptive modeling

Develop analytic web applications and simulators using R and other dashboard tools

Develop and maintain analytic work flows in Alteryx to support predictive modeling and advanced analytics

Understand existing code to support ongoing analytic applications

Write robust code to clean, organize, and investigate messy data

Update, maintain and document existing predictive models and/or R Shiny apps

Collaborate with Research & Insights, Product Development, IT and other teams to conceptualize and implement analytic products from start to finish

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:

1-2 years of related professional experience

Expert level programming in R/Shinyapps

Prior experience creating predictive models in Alteryx a plus

Proficient in Microsoft Excel (pivot tables, power pivots, v-lookup)

Web development experience a plus

Experience working with large databases a plus

Experience working with transactional data a plus

Must have attention to detail, as well as strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Proven ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines

Demonstrated ability to learn new programming languages and tools with minimal guidance

Master’s or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or a quantitative discipline required

Must be a US Citizen or US Permanent Resident authorized to work without sponsorship

Technomic is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Technomic does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business needs.
