Requisition ID: 222433

Work Area: Software-Design and Development

Expected Travel: 0 - 10%

Career Status: Professional

Employment Type: Regular Full Time

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.

SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

The SAP Innovation Center is a strategic innovation entity within SAP, combining software engineering excellence with thought leadership and entrepreneurial spirit. Across various focus clusters and by building on strong teams, we pioneer game-changing solutions in close collaboration with startups, customers & partners in industry and research as well as with other SAP units. To ensure a successful go-to-market, we follow an end-to-end responsibility approach. By exploring unconventional ideas and developing inspiring proofs of concept, we push the state of the art in computer science and its applied fields to provide SAP with foresight into future trends.

As part of the SAP Innovation Center Machine Learning team, you will work together with a team of dedicated experts including researchers, developers, dev-ops engineers, and architects with a single goal of building best machine learning pipelines for a variety of use cases spanning commerce, financial markets, and procurement. You will work against fixed timelines and your success will be measured by the ability to deliver solutions matching the performance of top notch research prototypes.

How You Will Contribute

Closely work with customers, partners and production teams to enhance the solution and systems, troubleshooting data issues etc.

Implement most recent algorithms and approaches for machine learning in collaboration with our data scientists and researchers

Initiates and participates in projects in the area of prediction, optimization, and processes using advanced statistical/ mathematical approaches, in the enterprise environment.

Design best architecture and select the most appropriate modeling techniques and data visualization for big data analysis.

Iteratively test, refine and improve the models

A Successful Candidate Would

MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math or ML/AI related topics,

Strong background in Machine Learning (Deep Learning, Computer Vision, NLP),

Research or work experience in Deep Learning, Computer Vision techniques and frameworks,

3-8+ years of experience in statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining practice.

Proficient in one or more programming languages such as Python, Java, C++, JavaScript

Familiar with one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools

Strong Industry domain knowledge and experience preferred

Knowledge in Natural Language Processing preferred

Must be able to work onsite in Palo Alto, CA, local candidates preferred

#sapmachinelearningcareers

WHAT YOU GET FROM US

Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own.

A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT

To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.

Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

Additional Locations:
