Job Description

Perform hands-on analysis of large volumes of web analytics, transaction, customer data, second and third-party data. Work with complex data structure, manipulate, cleanse data and perform statistical analysis

Expertise in predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining/machine learning algorithms and techniques (classification , clustering, regression, multivariate testing)

Proven capability to deliver end-to-end analyses by asking the right questions, extracting data, and building predictive models to ensure actionable results.

Strong passion for understanding key business problems, bringing together a team to understand data/ instrumentation needs and/or mine through data to unearth deep insights into customer experiences

Excellent communication & interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate ideas, insights and complicated analysis effectively at all organizational levels, include engineering leadership

Design and Implementation of refinery data product using Spark ML, Python, Map-Reduce, Hive, HDFS, Spring, Hibernate and Java

Experience with large scale distributed databases and computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, HDInsight or Databricks.

Expertise with statistical software packages like Python, MatLab, NumPy, SciPy, or SAS

Educate clients and fellow team members about implications of customer Insights.

Serve as an evangelist for data-driven decision making, accountability, and a commitment to continuous optimization.

Work with project teams to translate client requests into analytic work plans.

Participate in and support delivery of presentations to clients in senior positions

Identify new opportunities for Data Science projects and solutions.

Mentor junior data science team members.

Perform advanced statistical analysis and multivariate statistical analysis (regression and simple segmentation)

Extract data and actionable insights from a variety of client sources and systems, find probabilistic and deterministic matches across second and third party data sources, and complete exploratory data analysis.

Create engaging and meaningful data visualizations of findings linked to clear client business impact.

Qualifications

MS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, or equivalent education/professional experience is required.

5+ years in a data science role with demonstrable experience

Deep experience in machine learning with Spark and Azure Machine Learning and Cognitive Services.

Knowledge of IBM Informix

Azure Cloud experience

Strong experience in at least one database technology (i.e. SQL Server, Redshift, Hive, PrestoDb etc.)

Experience with one or more web analytics tools (Google Analytics, etc.)

Strong experience in at least one programming language (i.e. C#, Python, R).

Experience implementing and automating models

Experience with data modeling and normalization concepts.

Experience working with different query languages (i.e. PL-SQL, T-SQL).

Understanding and experience working with cloud infrastructure services like Azure and Amazon Web Services. Azure preferred.

Experience working with code repositories and continuous integration (i.e. Git, Jenkins, etc.)

Graph database experience a plus.

Understanding of development and project methodologies.

Strong passion for understanding key business problems, bringing together the team to understand data/ instrumentation needs and/or mine through data to unearth deep insights into customer experience.

Excellent communication & interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate ideas, insights and complicated analysis effectively at all organizational levels, include engineering leadership

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
