Do you want to join the world's premiere investment banks as a staff-level Data Scientist with an emphasis on Data Visualization and supporting a fast-growing data team?



 What's the Job? 



We are a large investment bank, and you will be a staff-level Data Scientist focusing on Data Visualization to support a growing Data Science team that has recently grown to be an integral part of the company. We have been building out a number of Data Science projects, and we now need to visualize and present this data to internal and external stakeholders. Your work building machine learning models and helping to visualize this data will be an integral part of our future growth and monetization of our business initiatives. 



 What Skills Do You Need? 



You must be experienced using Python


We prefer Data Scientists with a Master's or PhD


You must have experience building data visualizations with D3, Vega-Lite or Plotly


 Compensation 



&bull; $130,000 - $150,000



&bull; Generous Bonus



&bull; Full Benefits (medical, dental and vision)



&bull; 401(k) with Matching Benefits



&bull; Stock Purchase Options



&bull; Generous Wellness Programs



 Who Are We? 



We are a top-tier global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. We are a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity.



We are a new division within Treasury Services that is utilizing the latest data technologies to build out new products around the big data sets we have in-house.



 What's In It For You? 



This is a unique role at the world's premiere companies working on emerging problems, and doing so in a growing division. If you are ready to take a major step in your career, then come join our team 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New York City, NY 10016 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         3 Days ago
