What you’ll be doing...

As a Principal Data Scientist, you’ll be ensuring that analytics drive continuous business improvements, bringing more profitable growth and an even better customer experience. Your end goal is to recommend improvements that will go straight to the bottom line, by helping us serve our customers.

Data driven approach to providing ROI on lead gens and campaigns by measuring the effect on sales, churn, revenue and margin.

Deep dives on conversion rates and strategies on improving the yield on marketing lists.

Define and measure all results against control groups.

Translate business requirements and work with IT to build datasets required for analysis.

Define and drive the analytics strategy and modeling approaches.

Drive the adoption of analytics in decision making.

What we’re looking for...

You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You’re a creative thinker who likes to explore, and uncover the issues. You are decisive. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups, and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. Communicating what you’ve uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Experience with visual science / dashboard design principles.

Willingness to travel.

Even better if you have:

A Degree in mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, or economics.

Experience in applying statistical ideas and methods to data sets to answer business problems.

Experience tackling loosely defined problems.

Experience explaining complex topics in simple terms.

Experience with Tableau or similar visual analysis tool, optimization, analytics and large data sets, project management, developing visually compelling interactive dashboards.

Strong understanding of data warehouse and data lake technology (Teradata, Hadoop).

Good understanding of third party analytic tools.

Experience analyzing retention, loyalty and revenue for subscription based services.

Experience with general purpose programming languages (Java, .Net, Python, Perl, etc.).

Knowledge of database concepts (Oracle, MS SQL, generic SQL, etc.).

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
