Company: CORP Enclave

Location: US-TX-Houston

Zip Code: 77077

Minimum Level of Education: Master's Degree

Minimum Years of Experience: 3

Position Type: Exempt

Travel Percentage: 0

More information about this job:

OVERVIEW:

At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco.

POSITION SUMMARY:

The primary focus is to conduct predictive analytics via statistical, machine learning, and mathematical models on Sysco’s corporate data to get actionable business insights. Data scientists are expected to be self-motivated and take ownership of projects in their area of responsibility.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform data mining, cleansing, and manipulation; identify necessary data elements and their sources, leverage appropriate tools to acquire and consolidate large volumes of data from different sources, and identify and resolve any irrelevant, corrupt, missing, or incongruent data

Identify appropriate analytic tools, technologies and platforms to execute analysis against business requirements, including the ability to scale, deploy and distribute models across enterprise as needed

Use appropriate advanced analytic tools, technologies and platforms to execute analysis against business requirements, including the ability to scale, deploy and distribute models across enterprise as needed.

Develop performance scorecards and dashboards to monitor adoption, implementation and impact of models and strategies.

Work cross-functionally with other roles within the Enterprise Analytics Team and the Sysco broadly to tune models and ensure value created from models. Work with LABS and Business Technology resources on API and front-end integration. Collaborate with business process owners to validate model outputs and construct appropriate training

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and/or Experience:

Master’s degree +3 years of experience or PhD degree +1 year of experience in management consulting, strategy, analytics, at a specialized analytics company, or in an analytics organization in a corporate setting.

Degree should be in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field; preferred from a top tier University.

3+ years of experience accessing and manipulating data in SQL or NoSQL database environments

2+ years of experience with scientific scripting languages (e.g., Python, R) and/or object oriented programming (e.g., C++, Java)

3+ years of experience with Bayesian statistics, regression analysis (beyond linear regression), supervised learning, unsupervised learning or timeseries analysis required

Basic Qualifications:

Must have experience initiating, driving and delivering complex analytical projects.

Able to perform quantitative analysis using appropriate analytical and visualization tools such as Python, R, Tableau and open source libraries.

Demonstrated experience using machine learning algorithms in a commercial setting.

High proficiency in the use of statistical packages, understanding advantages and limitations of each

Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms.

Must be very comfortable with numbers and have a solid understanding of various analytical techniques and where they should be best deployed

Preferred Qualifications:

Strong software design and OOP skills (must be functional in nearly any language).

Understanding of the latest trends in database systems and technologies that enable advanced analytics including cloud based solutions such as AWS.

Experience in the sales and marketing area

Experience in CPG, Retail and /or Foodservice

Experience with Agile Software Development

Attributes:

Inquisitive, innovative, and opportunistic

Highly motivated, inspired overachiever

Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

WORKING CONDITIONS:

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Applicants currently authorized to work in the United States as well as those who will require sponsorship may be considered.

Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Employment Type: Full Time
