Stefanini is Hiring! An industry recognized leader in global IT outsourcing and managed services. If you are looking to jumpstart your career in the Energy & Utility industry, then this opportunity is for you! We are looking for a Customer Data Governance Lead to support an energy client in Waltham, MA, 02451. We offer competitive package, so what are you waiting for? APPLY NOW! OPEN TO RELOCATING CANDIDATES! Job Purpose: The company has identified Data Management as one of a number of core Standards created to support the company s Business Management System (BMS). In support of the Data Management ambition, we have developed 7 Data Management Principles reinforced by 41 Standard Requirements that set out what needs to be in place to meet The Standard and that the company has (globally) committed to achieving. In addition to compliance with the BMS standards, the success of our transformational projects will all rely on clean, accurate and well managed data. In this role we are seeking a senior leader with a proven track record developing and implementing a sustainable data management frame within business operations. The ideal candidate will be equally comfortable working strategically developing the data management framework while in parallel tactically standing up and operationalizing the data management team with in the customer organization. Position Responsibilities: This role will develop and lead a team through the strategic assessment design and implementation phases of the customer data management framework. The position will collaborate with many areas of the organization including IT to articulate the customer data requirements and assist in defining and evaluating enterprise tools. Responsibilities will also include adherence and input to enterprise data management standards and a close collaboration with the other data domain leads to assure a consistent implementation of the framework. This individual will work very closely with the operational leadership with in the business to assure data quality is designed into each process and develop actionable KPI s, to assure compliance and create an environment of continuous improvement. Key Accountabilities: Lead, own and champion data management across the customer organization and develop a culture that embraces the value of data quality management, as well as inspiring and engaging others in new ways of working, innovation and performance to enhance value and commitment. Manage communication and change management with stakeholders directly and indirectly impacted by data management procedures and assist stakeholders in standing up capability within their organization Champion the removal of cultural and other legacy barriers in the pursuit of standardized data management processes and gain stakeholder consensus with the proposed process changes through interaction with functional business leaders and demonstration of tangible business value. Operationalize Data Quality Management within the customer data domain Identity, prioritize and operationalize quick wins that demonstrate tangible business benefits to key stakeholders Develop framework and roadmap for compliance with the company s Data Management Standard Develop KPIs and establish an operational framework for actively managing data quality Responsible for supporting operational requirements for customer data across large transformational projects Lead a team to identify data gaps and improvement opportunities while working collaboratively with key business stakeholders and lead team to realize measure and track improvements Participate in establishing process performance metrics and data KPIs to appropriately manage the future business. Lead, motivate and develop assigned project resources, prioritize work and allocate resources in order to ensure results are delivered in line with expectations and customer/business objectives. Develop and foster a culture of innovation in the end to end process, challenge existing processes, technologies and systems to continuously seek ways to do things better in order to achieve business/project objectives and drive greater efficiencies for the business. The candidate shall come from a setting where data has been leveraged as a key asset. Ideally, the candidate will have delivered transformative value via utilization of advanced but practical approaches to data management and analytics, and the integration of those approaches into operating, product/service, and customer environments. Additionally, this leader must be a transformation agent who has not only delivered but has guided organizations through the implementation plan. Minimum of five years proven experience leveraging traditional technology systems as well as emerging technologies to support the sourcing/capture, governance, management, and analysis of data. Bachelor s Degree in related field, advanced degree preferred Proven experience in setting up and managing Data Governance and Management organizations and frameworks, including in complex/federated/global/regulated environments Strong understanding of data management, database structure principles, as well as familiarity with non-relational/semantics-based data modelling and organizational techniques Expertise in data privacy/protection and cybersecurity with respect to data governance and management Experience gathering and analyzing business data requirements, including for regulatory and compliance purposes Experience with data management frameworks such as DCAM Experience leading and managing data science and analytics teams and activities, including data mining and segmentation techniques, visualization and general problem solving. Ability to establish priorities, manage deadlines, exercise a high degree of professionalism in interactions with all levels of internal and external clients. Proven experience at a premier audit/consulting firm and utility/financial Industry experience strongly preferred Proven experience in complex regulated industry environment, with actual regulatory experience preferred Ability to successfully bring together and drive cooperation across diverse teams with potentially conflicting goals and objectives. Experience in leading and developing a broad team comprised of diverse expertise and skills Solid knowledge of project management fundamentals and change management. Requires a thorough understanding of the operations groups. Strong MS Office suite, project management software skills. Capability Requirements: Analytical Thinking: Sees multiple relationships with the project or program, identifying several likely causes or consequences of a situation in order to establish contingency plans. Information Seeking (3): Establishes the facts by digging deeper, asking probing questions and challenging initial responses from different sources. Impact and Influence: Adapts approach and considers what is important to the audience by tailoring message accordingly. Leveraging Networks: Actively builds and maintains a network of relationships, both internal and external to the organization. Teamwork and Collaboration: Possesses positive expectations for team members and expresses regard for them and encouragement. Adaptability: Is receptive to change and is willing to change ideas or opinions based on new information, program variations and project scope changes. Creates a culture where people are inspired to deliver high performance. Creates a culture of innovation.
