Description:

Aetna's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and a best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital strategy and all digital products; as well as the development roadmap and execution of the roadmap. A key part of this team is to build an integrated platform and underlying products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness.

Aetna is taking on a major initiative to redesign and rebuild many of its customer facing digital assets. This effort will include a completely new approach to developing software within Aetna, using the latest design approaches, technologies, and processes. Aetna Digital is a newly formed startup like business unit within Aetna, which will design, build and deliver a completely new and integrated digital experience for our users.

Come Join Aetna Digital!61608

Fundamental Components:

The Senior Data Scientist – Digital Engagement on the Aetna Digital Data Science team will run the gambit turning data into information and wisdom through the development and automation of simple and complex reports utilizing different technologies, leading the development of products capable of capturing data to perform complex modeling of digital interventions for iterative development and product personalization, testing for the existence of theories through modeling and hypothesis testing, mining mid to large large data sets, communicating theories/approaches and results to different levels of stakeholders, and dropping any ego in discussions to build a friendly and helpful environment in which we all enjoy working. There will be a component of helping train others, and learning from others, so a willingness to help grow the skill sets of team members as well as their own is a core aspect of this position.

Fundamental Components:

Develop and automate analysis ranging in complexity from basic application utilization to complex outcomes evaluation analysis.

Apply simple and complex mathematical models in order to sniff out and test for the effects of theories and measure the impact of digital interventions in the real world.

Communicate findings and new capabilities to a wide range of stakeholders; from CEO's and Presidents to low level engineers and developers.

Deploy a developed model onto a server or in a cloud based data architecture, tailoring implementation methods to match scale, speed, and complexity of the problem we are trying to solve.

Work towards the goal of creating a cross-functional team capable of working from a Kanban.

Utilizing agile software development rituals to align closely with dev teams and deliver value through integrating data derived insights and capabilities into the application.

Background Experience:

3+ years’ experience analyzing raw clickstream data coming from a smart phone/desktop application.

Strong applied mathematics background building a working knowledge of clinically sound modeling and analysis techniques such as multi-state mixed models, intervention based time series, complex designs of experiments, hierarchical clustering, structural equation modeling, hypothesis testing, etc.

Strong knowledge of statistical programming languages/tools including: R, Python, SAS, SPSS, Stata, etc.

Strong experience in SQL and analyzing big data utilizing multi-threading/parallel processing to process large datasets in memory (tera- or petabytes).

Strong knowledge of databases, tools, libraries and programing languages like Hadoop, AWS, Spark, SQL, NOSQL, Hive, d3.js, Tableau, Adobe, Java and node.js.

Experience working in application development/software industry.

Demonstrated ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical stakeholders in written and verbal form.

Strong organizational skills; excellent analytical and problem solving skills.

A serious addiction to lifelong learning.

Education

 The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Master’s Degree in a related field (Physics, Computer Science, Econometrics, Advanced Statistics, etc.).

Additional Job Information:

Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 6% of your 401(k) contributions!

Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO

EcoPass

Gym / Showers / Towel Service

Monthly Chair Massages

Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Wednesday lunches, etc.

$200/yr towards wellness - gym membership, fitbit, treadmill

Up-to 5K a year toward tuition reimbursement

Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
