Staff Data Scientist – Machine Learning & Real-Time Decision Processing

Valassis Digital is a leader in online advertising technology. We process over 12 trillion calculations daily to analyze and decide on more than 110 billion digital ad requests. As a Staff Data Scientist at Valassis Digital your work is central to keeping us at the forefront of the AdTech industry.

We are seeking data experts who are passionate about using cutting edge technology and data science methods to solve unique and complex problems. The ideal candidate is innately curious about how data can be used to tell a story and inform decisions. You have honed your skills through a combination of education, work experience, and hobbies. You are excited about the complexity and challenges of creating intelligent, high performance systems while working with a highly experienced and driven data science team.

If this describes you, we are interested. You can be an integral part of a cross-disciplinary team working on highly visible projects that improve performance and grow the intelligence in our product suite. Our day to day work is performed in a progressive, high-tech work space where we focus on a friendly, collaborative and fulfilling environment.

On any given day you’ll be…

Using geo location data to track foot traffic, commercial visitation and next most likely visit to understand consumer physical behavior.

Using online behavior data to determine the primary interest categories of consumers and the web properties they visit.

Implementing a predictive model to determine whether a person is likely to visit a car dealership based on the advertising signals they’ve received.

Monitoring and improving a system that deploys and refits 10’s of thousands of models daily.

Developing algorithms to optimize the setting of every lever in a high throughput real-time decision system.

Analyzing data to better understand how a neighborhood’s consumption of web pages correlates with visits to a local big box store.

Finding the handful of outliers in billions of transactions.

Deriving a set of new features that will help better understand the interplay between geography and audience features to improve model performance.

Building new products with applied AI and bring them to market.

Participating in planning, roadmap, and architecture discussions to help evolve our AI processes to improve revenue-generating products.

Our ideal candidate will likely have…

5+ years of experience with responsibilities similar to those listed above

An advanced degree in a relevant, quantitative field

Ability to mentor and guide team members of varying experience levels through data science, product and software development life cycles

WHO WE ARE

Valassis Digital is a leading digital marketing intelligence company, providing a best-in-class data management platform and online and offline targeting capabilities that fuel superior display advertising and media offerings. Through proprietary technology and the Valassis Digital Consumer Graph™, we power the lifecycle of marketing campaigns – from planning to activation and measurement. In fact, 19 of 20 leading brands work with Valassis Digital to drive better campaign performance.

WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU?

Valassis Digital offers a generous total rewards benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision coverage, 401k matching, long-term cash incentives program, and PTO allowance. A wide variety of additional benefits like life insurance, employee assistance and pet insurance are also available not to mention unlimited snacks and smart, friendly coworkers!

Valassis Digital considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. In addition, Valassis Digital will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance with completing the online application process, please contact ValDigital-Recruiting@valassis.com.

#LI-CB1

IND123
