job summary:

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our operations and data architecture teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. You must be that person who can create value out of data.  The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Such a person proactively fetches information from various sources and analyzes it for better  understanding about how the business performs. 

This person must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. This Data Scientist must possess the skill-sets necessary to hit the ground running and must be willing to learn about the mobile phone business while solving problems quickly and efficiently. 
 
location: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
job type: Contract
work hours: 9am to 5pm
education: Bachelors
 
responsibilities:

See Yourself: 

-  Working with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. 

-  Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. 

-  Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. 

-  Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. 

-  Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. 

-  Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. 

-  Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. 
 
qualifications:

Minimum Requirements: 

-  Four-year degree in a related Computer Science, Math or Statistical field of study. 

-  7+ continuous years' of professional experience as a Data Scientist. 

-  Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. 

-  Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. 

-  Experience working with and creating data architectures. 

-  Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. 

-  Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. 

-  A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. 

-  Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. 

-  SUPERB communication skills with an emphasis on writing and interpreting abilities. 

-  Excellent presentation skills.  Must have the ability to confirm complex data into digestible formats for non-technical business teams. 
 
skills:  Extended Requirements:


-  Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. 

-  Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, etc. 

-  Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms & statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. 

-  Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers. 

-  Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. 

-  Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders. 



Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.  
      

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Philadelphia, PA 19103 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Hardware; Computer Software; Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         697129
