Azure Data Scientist -   Chicago, IL 

   

 Position:  Data Scientist

 Technology:  Big Data

 Location:  Chicago, IL

 Job Type:  Permanent

 About the Role: 

Ready to work with cutting edge technology filled with a great work environment where you will feel relaxed and excited to challenge yourself? Well it's a good thing you specialize in Azure Big Data!

Our client has an exciting role opening up for someone with Azure Big data experience. This role gives allows you to work on cloud-based structures, data pipelines. In addition, this role will give you the opportunity to build the infrastructure and develop your own methods of experience.

The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience and knowledge in IOT, PowerBI, Azure Data warehouse, Machine Learning, Hadoop.

 *Azure experience required* 

 Responsibilities, Skills, and Qualifications: 
 
Develop dashboards and advanced analytics solutions using programming tools 
Support exploratory data/statistical/predictive analytics and machine learning models 
Assist in the construction of algorithms, predictive models, and proofs of concept 
Select and integrate any data science, Big Data tools, and framework required to provide requested capabilities 
Remain current on data architecture, analytics, and data science developments 
Ensure systems meet industry best practices and business, security, privacy, and retention requirements 
Experience in Microsoft Azure Platform 
SQL Server 
Big Data implementation experience 
IT experience in a data science field 
Time Management and self-starter 
Design innovative approaches to interact with data for analysis  
 Benefits: 
 
travel opportunities 
Competitive pay 
Free Lunch Club 
401k opportunity 
Immense opportunity for growth and advancement 
Remote flexibility 
Generous PTO 
Top candidates may receive sign on bonus  
The company is actively searching for candidates to interview, do not miss this opportunity! You can reach me at  m.pollak@nigelfrank.com  or by calling  646.863.7598 (ext. 7598  ) . I'm eagerly looking forward to helping you advance your career!

 What's in it for you: 

I am unlike other recruiters in that I thrive on building our relationship and making it more personal to ensure working together is a happy experience for you! I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Azure big data candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed.

Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Microsoft Azure recruitment. We are a part of Frank Recruitment Group, one of the most successful global recruitment businesses in the last 10 years and backed by private equity firm TPG Growth.

 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Chicago, IL 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Staffing/Employment Agencies 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         MP7319_1562169325
