Job Description and Responsibilities    
Interactive Brokers Group (IBG) is looking for a junior Data Scientist. The successful candidate will execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients. The position responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
   
Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data 
Produce daily metrics and reports 
Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and A.I. 
Assist with designing and running A/B tests 
Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows 
Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools       Qualifications     
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics; Masters strongly preferred 
2+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role 
 2+ years of Java coding experience  
2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports 
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets 
Technical proficiency with transforming structured and unstructured data sets 
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy 
Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability  
  This position is not sponsoring for employment authorization to work in the U.S.      Company Overview    
Interactive Brokers ("IBKR"), a subsidiary of publicly-traded Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., based in Greenwich, Connecticut (IEX: IBKR) is a low-cost provider of trade execution and clearing services for active traders, institutional investors, financial advisors and introducing brokers. IBKR’s premier technology provides electronic access to stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, and funds worldwide from a single IBKR Integrated Investment account. IBKR is one of the largest online brokers by trade volume and is consistently ranked at the top of its field. 
Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. 
Our headquarters are in Greenwich, CT, USA. IBKR has offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Hungary, Estonia, Russia, India, Hong Kong, China, Japan and Australia. 
IBKR is a member of NYSE, FINRA, and SIPC. Interactive Brokers Group brokerage affiliates are regulated by securities and commodities agencies around the world. 
For more information, please visit  www.ibkr.com/info      

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Greenwich, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4246522002
