Overview:  
Founded in 2007, Initiate Government Solutions (IGS) a Woman Owned Small Business, specializes in healthcare information solutions with emphasis on technology spectrum. IGS partners with government and commercial clients to tackle the most challenging healthcare information technology issues including large scale implementations, business informatics, analytics, and electronic health record support. 
IGS is currently recruiting for a  Subject Matter Expert (Data Scientist)/ Data Modeler  to support our work with the NCIRD Data Science Support Services Program. 
The National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD) collects, receives, and generates large amount of data from internal and external sources in support of its public health mission. These data are stored, managed, analyzed, and presented using different practices, standards, and tools which creates challenges with data access, data integration, data analysis, data availability, and data presentation/ discoverability. 
 Assignment of Work and Travel:  
All work will be performed at the physical office locations in Atlanta, GA. &nbsp;Contractors may be required to travel in support of this contract. When required, travel will be re-reimbursed at current GSA per diem rates. 
 Responsibilities and Duties (Included but not limited to):   
Provide consultation and expertise on data science, and data analytics related projects 
Support enhancing collaborative data science projects 
Support the government in establishing and strengthening data governance 
Manage and analyze large and/or complex datasets 
Provide support and expertise in data visualization projects/ activities 
Support enabling the holistic use of comprehensive data sources for analytical workflows. 
Provide recommendations on data integration opportunities 
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques 
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods 
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems 
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis 
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner 
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance  
 &nbsp;  Minimum Qualifications:   
Bachelor's or graduate/higher level degree: major study in an academic field related to the medical field, health sciences or allied sciences appropriate to the work of the position 
Must have minimum of 10 years of specialized experience which is directly related to the position 
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. 
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. &nbsp;Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable 
Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. 
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig 
Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase&nbsp; 
Statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. 
Scripting and programming skills&nbsp; 
Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust  
 Preferred Qualifications and Core Competencies:   
Expertise in latest data science, data management, and data analytics techniques, technologies, and tools such as: Hadoop, distributed data analytics platforms, geospatial data analytics, machine learning, etc. 
Proficient in MS Office specifically, Visio, Excel, PowerPoint, and Word 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Current Public Trust  
 Benefits:  
Initiate Government Solutions offers competitive compensation and a strong benefits package including comprehensive medical, dental and vision care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family. 
Initiate Government Solutions participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. 
Initiate Government Solutions is an equal opportunity employer. Our company policy is to provide equal opportunity in all areas of employment practice without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital status, veteran status, citizenship or disability.  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Atlanta, GA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Government and Military
