We are looking for a Data Analyst/Data Scientist who can demonstrate considerable knowledge of, and proven success in roles involving, executing various aspects of client engagements and/or projects within a professional services environment, including knowledge in at least two of the following areas below. The candidate will be expected to both work collaboratively in teams and act as an individual contributor depending on the development focus. Responsibilities: Demonstrates considerable ability within a professional services environment Interpret problems, synthesize analysis, and present information in a way that is understandable to a non-technical person; Work collaboratively on teams with a variety of technical and non-technical skill sets; Compile and present complex information using data visualization tools; Collaborate and contribute as a team member: understand personal and team roles, contribute to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members, proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback; Identify and address client needs, build relationships with clients, develop requests for information, demonstrate flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicate potential conflicts to a supervisor; Prioritize and handle multiple tasks, research and analyze pertinent client, industry and technical matters, utilize problem-solving skills, and communicate effectively in written and verbal formats to various audiences - including various levels of management and external clients - in a professional business environment; Coach and collaborate with associates who assist with this work, including providing coaching, feedback and guidance on work performance; Understand how the application of analytical techniques correlated to business value; and, Be able to select the appropriate analytical techniques for the problem at hand. MUST HAVE experience in SQL, Python, Database, Big Data, Data Visualization Tools (i.e. Tableau and others), Machine Learning. Computer programing with any of the following focus: statistical/mathematical languages - e.g., R, SAS, MATLAB, general purpose languages - e.g., Python, Java, Go, Perl, other special purpose languages - e.g., SQL, bash scripting; Machine learning/predictive modeling, natural language processing, statistical analysis, simulation modeling, graph analysis; Large scale data processing tools - e.g., Hadoop environment, Apache Spark, elastic cloud compute; Data analysis workflow using tools - e.g., git, iPython notebook; and, Data visualization tools - e.g., D3.JS, Gephi. Ability to summarize and explain complex analytics in simple terms and to summarize the results in slides. Self-driven to document work; detail oriented. Education Required: Bachelor s degree or equivalent experience Interested applicants may click the apply button or you may call us at (248) 936-0629 for faster processing. Thank you.
