SphereOI helps clients succeed with advanced data analytics. Our custom framework creates purpose-driven competitive differentiators by linking advanced analytics technology to business opportunities and portfolio strategy. We keep the focus on what is most important as we work with clients to give them the practical skills to stand on their own in developing the future.

This position is for a Senior Data Scientist / Machine Learning Expert who will work in our studios as a senior member of our data science team. The position will support multiple clients over time, crossing a broad spectrum of industries. The pace is fast, but the technology and opportunities to experiment with new approaches are exciting. The position requires a significant proficiency with statistical science in the context of machine learning. The work involves exploration, experimentation, and implementation. The more varied your background, the better. Data, big and small, is a ubiquitous element, and familiarity with modern data architecture and query languages is important. This position will, over time, draw on your skills in NLP, demand forecasting, computer vision, cyber-physical systems, and deep/reinforcement learning.

 What You Will Be Doing:

Learn new domains and problems.

Experiment with models and data.

Push the boundaries of ML in demand forecasting, computer vision, agent design, NLP, and other areas.

Collaborate with other experts.

Develop reference implementations of models and pipelines.

Work in Python, possibly other languages (e.g. R, Java).

Present at weekly demos and various sessions.

Support production engineering teams and develop automated tests.

What You Need for This Position:

Talent for machine learning fundamentals << We stress the fundamentals.

An advanced degree in math, statistics, physics, economics or computer science is preferred.

Hands on coding experience using Python, R, Java, C#, or SQL is preferred.

Experience analyzing time series data is preferred.

About SphereOI Studios

SphereOI Studios is an award winning digital studio that develops data responsive solutions with deep analytics and artificial intelligence. We believe that data science that aligns with business value can increase market share and pricing power, enhance customer engagement or completely transform a product category. We fuse data strategy with data science and design driven innovation to create customer technologies for commercial and federal customers.
