Motiion is a remote-only company and we give our employees the opportunity to solve problems in the global food industry while living and working wherever you are most comfortable. We believe in transparency, diversity, merit and fostering a culture of accountability, personal impact and career growth.

As a member of the first product engineering team at Motiion you have will have a unique opportunity to turning previously scattered and inconsistently structured data into directly actionable food industry insights to reduce waste, increase freshness and much more.

You have a proven track record of reading data and making solid conclusions. You know both the art and science of analytics - now only do you know how to find answers in the data, you also know which questions should be asked in the first place and what data might could help us further bolster our conclusions. You love engaging with customers, learn about their challenges and then dive into the data to see how to solve them!

We are building a product engineering team with a breadth of combined experiences so that we can collaboratively build great products. There are no hard requirements on specific educational background, technology, experience or geographical location. We are however looking for specific traits in the people we work with. You might not yet be able to check all of the boxes, but at least you aspire to do so!

Signs of a great candidate

Toolbox oriented. Whether your background is in mathematics, statistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, or something else, you have enough experience to intuitively shortlist tools and approaches from most of these disciplines.

Understanding business and customer needs. You believe in creating models that will help the company and make short- and long-termimpact, focusing on“bang-for-the-buck”.

Performance recognized by your peers. Past colleagues would love to work with you again.

Starter and finisher. You often identify a problem, design a solution and bring it to a state of completion - alone or with collaborators. You’ve worked with developers in the past, hope to continue doing so, but you would get far even without technical help.

Work hard and smart. Your work ethic is unquestioned, and you know how to get things done so you can balance your work and personal life in a sustainable way.

Disciplined and reliable. We are a remote company and you enjoy the benefits of working remotely while consistently delivering what you have committed to. When you hit a snag, you communicate and reset expectations early.

Collaborative. You know that your team members’ perspectives will make your solutions better. Similarly, you use your strengths to make the team perform.

Appreciation of honest feedback. You know that the best way to learn and grow is through constructive feedback delivered kindly, but without unnecessary ambiguity. You feedback given to as an opportunity to get better and strive to do the same for others.

Analytical and practical mind. You strive for simple, precise solutions to complex problems. Complex solutions are only acceptable when absolutely needed.
