Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology – a solutions builder, a roll-up-your-sleeves technologist who wants a daily collaborative environment, think-tank feel and share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center – we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center.

Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below …

Work you’ll do/Responsibilities

 Strong understanding of data science techniques and libraries and their applicability to business problem classes

 Experience in performing exploratory data analysis to arrive at patterns to define analytical models

 Develop advanced quantitative modules using a variety of programs/software to support predictive assessments

 Provide expertise for analytic, programmatic, strategic, and operational analysis.

 Ability to explain analytics model behavior/results to business

 Perform technical risk analysis and reliability assessments.

 Perform multiple forms of advanced analyses, sustainment, optimization, text analytics, machine learning, social-science modeling and statistical analysis, parametric and non-parametric statistical models and techniques.

 Build, test, validate and demonstrate analytical models through various relevant error metrics and calibration techniques.

 Provide recommendations for plans, programs, strategies, policies and budgets

 Design algorithms that require a number of different models/methods to be used in an ensemble

 Experience in transition of the model into an industrialized implementation or business users

The Team

Analytics & Cognitive

In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.

The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets.

Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to:

Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms

Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions

• Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements
