Job Description:

Are you passionate about working with the best information security team in the world? Bank of America is hiring top talent to join our team.

The Business Information Security Officer (BISO) function within Global Information Security is responsible for information security control enforcement, cybersecurity awareness, and enablement across all lines of business, enterprise functions, technology, and operations teams. The BISO team also leads cybersecurity external engagement.

Standard Job Description

The Data Scientist role is responsible for designing and implementing analytical tools and predictive models based on that intelligence, creating efficiencies in leveraging existing reporting data / tools, and identifying analytics and dashboards that can mitigate and manage Supervisory risk. Other responsibilities of the Data Scientist include developing analytics for risk mitigation opportunities, as well as identifying, monitoring, and communicating trends and implementing recommendations based on those trends / analysis in support of achieving goals in line with business strategy. The ideal candidates should be comfortable during technical demonstrations and be able to discuss the specifics of algorithms and statistical methods to a broad audience. The candidate will be supporting our cyber security functions by providing expertise in exploratory data analysis, pattern discovery and advanced analytical techniques (e.g. neural networks, deep learning). Required Skills: - Candidate must possess a degree in Engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science or related technical field. - Strong background in hypothesis testing, regression analysis, statistics, or probability, as well as experience creating predictive analytics and predictive modeling methods including simulation - 3+ years of experience and knowledge in the field of quantitative research and the specialized area of financial engineering, data science, or risk analytics as it relates to the financial services and/or cyber security industry. Knowledge of predictive model development and oversight - Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, Perl or C++ - Understanding of the Hadoop platform (e.g. MapReduce, Hive, Impala, Spark, Flume, Kafka) and related Big Data technologies - Knowledge of R or SAS - Fluency with SQL on one or more relational databases such as Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres or Oracle - Excellent organizational, writing and interpersonal skills - Proficient communication skills both orally and in writing with stakeholders of varying analytics skill and knowledge levels -Must be a self-starter and ability to multi-task and efficiency navigate changing priorities and responsibilities under tight deadlines Desired Skills: - An advanced degree in Engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science or related technical field. - Background in text analytics, news aggregation and natural language processing - Creative research techniques that yield innovative results - Six Sigma Master Black Belt or Six Sigma Black Belt certified (or equivalent) - Strong facilitation and project management skills - Proven ability to think strategically and execute tactically

The Data Scientist role is responsible for designing and implementing analytical tools and predictive models based on that intelligence, creating efficiencies in leveraging existing reporting data / tools, and identifying analytics and dashboards that can mitigate and manage Supervisory risk. Other responsibilities of the Data Scientist include developing analytics for risk mitigation opportunities, as well as identifying, monitoring, and communicating trends and implementing recommendations based on those trends / analysis in support of achieving goals in line with business strategy.

The ideal candidates should be comfortable during technical demonstrations and be able to discuss the specifics of algorithms and statistical methods to a broad audience.

The candidate will be supporting our cyber security functions by providing expertise in exploratory data analysis, pattern discovery and advanced analytical techniques (e.g. neural networks, deep learning).

Required Skills:

Candidate must possess a degree in Engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science or related technical field.

Strong background in hypothesis testing, regression analysis, statistics, or probability, as well as experience creating predictive analytics and predictive modeling methods including simulation

3+ years of experience and knowledge in the field of quantitative research and the specialized area of financial engineering, data science, or risk analytics as it relates to the financial services and/or cyber security industry. Knowledge of predictive model development and oversight

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, Perl or C++

Understanding of the Hadoop platform (e.g. MapReduce, Hive, Impala, Spark, Flume, Kafka) and related Big Data technologies

Knowledge of R or SAS

Fluency with SQL on one or more relational databases such as Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres or Oracle

Excellent organizational, writing and interpersonal skills

Proficient communication skills both orally and in writing with stakeholders of varying analytics skill and knowledge levels

Must be a self-starter and ability to multi-task and efficiency navigate changing priorities and responsibilities under tight deadlines

Desired Skills:

An advanced degree in Engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science or related technical field.

Background in text analytics, news aggregation and natural language processing

Creative research techniques that yield innovative results

Six Sigma Master Black Belt or Six Sigma Black Belt certified (or equivalent)

Strong facilitation and project management skills

Proven ability to think strategically and execute tactically

Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Hours Per Week:

40
