Bachelor’s Degree in a computer-related field, Informatics, Statistics, Operations Management or Business Administration or a related field required. Master’s preferred. Minimum three (3) years’ experience in a data analyst related position, required, manipulating large datasets, using databases, data visualization tools, query languages (Structured Query Language – SQL a plus), and statistical packages. Experience in a healthcare setting, strongly preferred. Demonstrable ability to quickly understand new concepts, to generate original insightful solutions. Experience in application of basic statistical techniques and the ability to analyze and interpret data, required. Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification strongly preferred. Experience with programming and statistics, word processing, spreadsheet, presentation, database and graphics applications, required. Experience with clinical databases such as Vizient, strongly preferred. Must possess strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Additional related experience may be substituted for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis.

The Data Scientist role is responsible for modeling moderately complex problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. Supports both the Project Management Office and the Office of the VP Ambulatory Care Services. In addition to strong analytic skills, this role is also proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, and communicating results. The Data Scientist works closely with clients, data analysts, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound organizational decisions. Other responsibilities include providing data that is congruent and reliable. The Data Scientist must be able to present their findings in a way that can be easily understood by their business counterparts.

The Data Scientist must possess strong business acumen and will consult on operational problems/issues and translate them to analytics tasks and solutions, ensuring the validity and integrity of data. Will train hospital staff on the use of data for innovation and improvement.
