Teamwork. Integrity. Dedication.

Together, we make a difference.

If you are a career-minded, service-driven professional looking to join a fast paced organization then you have come to the right place. AAA is a member service organization affiliated with the national AAA network. With offices across the U.S., we're united by common mission and common values of excellent member service. With more than 14,000 employees in 21 states, we provide legendary service to 16 million loyal members. With a constantly growing membership, we are always welcoming dedicated professionals looking to challenge themselves and build a career within our dynamic organization. You will find that being part of a very successful team is extremely rewarding.

Description:

A Data Scientist II will be expected to understand the business goals/needs, utilize big data technology to ingest and analyze large amounts of data, and transform findings into actionable business opportunities.

Job responsibilities will include defining project requirements, building SQL/HIVE databases, job automation, using analytical tools to find trends and predictive characteristics, developing and automating reports, data visualization, and exploring new analytical and big data tools.

The candidate must possess clear communicative skills to work in a highly collaborative and fast-paced team environment. A successful candidate must have the ability to understand complex business problems to ensure projects are leveraging the appropriate technology and analytical tools in the delivery of a comprehensive solution.

Qualifications

Minimum Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or technical field (math, statistics, computer science) with Master’s degree preferred

2+ years experience in a traditional data or analytics corporate environment

Strong SQL skills a must

R, Python, Tableau familiarity (expertise in at least 1)

Knowledge of Hadoop, Distributed Systems, and Big Data ecosystem

Able to rapidly learn new processes/subjects

Innovative mindset with demonstrated creativity or innovation in some past work experience preferred

Demonstrated leadership abilities, whether in a formal or informal role

Ability to understand the big picture and drive the initiatives the lead to completion of the overall big picture

Ability to work in cross-functional/departmental groups and keep multiple moving pieces straight

Mentor and assist analysts in their respective functions and responsibilities.

Training:

Our comprehensive and employee centric training facility located in Costa Mesa provides training programs to help employees acquire various skills necessary to do their jobs and to support career development.

Benefits:

Health Coverage for Medical, Dental, Vision

Paid time off including Vacation, Illness and Holidays

Life Insurance

Disability Coverage

Pension

401k Savings Plan

Employee Discounts

Career opportunities across multiple business lines and states

“Creating members for life by exceeding our members' expectations through valuable products and legendary service.”

AAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

The Automobile Club of Southern California will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance.
