Overview

Nelnet is looking for a talented Data Scientist to help drive our businesses forward. The Data Science team represents a niche division of our Analytics department tasked with solving our most complex quantitative, statistical, and data-oriented problems. This role will use a powerful blend of business acumen, analytics, mathematics, programming, and modeling to provide strategic recommendations, insights, and products across a diverse set of business areas and industries.

Functional projects typically include deep-dive operational and financial analyses, data wrangling and processing, programmatic automation, and predictive modeling. Our data scientist roles operate with wide-latitude and are often asked to tackle complicated questions that require creative solutions; candidates should be highly inquisitive, self-motivated, strong communicators, and have the ability to map out solutions with a starting point and end goal, but few steps identified in-between.

By supporting teams that span the entire organization, we operate in a fun, fast-paced, and engaging environment that brings new and unique challenges every day.

This position requires work in support of the Company’s contract with the United States Department of Education (“ED”). As such, the United States Government requires that any applicant for this position must complete United States Government security clearance. Effective June 1, 2018, ED has informed Nelnet that security clearance applications for foreign nationals are not being accepted or processed. In light of this direction from ED, Nelnet will be unable to hire applicants without United States citizenship for such positions.

Responsibilities

Conduct advanced analyses and statistical deep-dives, with a focus on producing actionable recommendations and strategic guidance for decision makers.

Develop and deploy custom models and algorithms using Python data and machine learning libraries.

Mine, clean, process, transform and join data from a variety of sources including SQL servers, AWS environments, SalesForce, internal systems, and flat files.

Identify, wrangle, scrape, and assemble new data sources from the web, data aggregators, and public sources.

Build rich, interactive dashboards and visualizations from the ground up using PowerBI.

Compile and present key findings and reports to all levels of the organization, including senior leadership.

Continuously seek out opportunities to add value through process automation and programmatic solutions to manual tasks.

Be a subject matter expert within the data science field. Continuously learn, grow, and explore new emerging technologies.

Be a mentor, role-model, and resource for junior analysts and team members.

Be an exceptional problem solver, idea machine, and source of creative solutions.

Qualifications

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s degree required in a Quantitative or Programming discipline. Quantitative disciplines are those that require a heavy amount of mathematics, statistics or analysis, including (but not limited to) fields such as Math, Physics, Finance or Economics.

EXPERIENCE:

4+ years of experience in data analysis, or completion of a bachelor’s/master’s degree program specifically within Data Science. 2+ years of programming experience. Significant experience working with large, complex data sets and common data science tools.

COMPETENCIES – SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES:

Exceptional ability to analyze and synthesize data.

Advanced proficiency in SQL or Python (ideally both). Experience working with database and ETL tools.

Experience designing, building, deploying, and validating machine-learning predictive models, ideally within a business framework.

Competency navigating and working within the AWS cloud suite.

Competency using common BI and data visualization tools (Microsoft PowerBI preferred).

Core understanding of statistical concepts and methods.

Competency in the MS Office Suite with advanced knowledge in Excel.

Highly accountable and inquisitive, able to manage multiple tasks in a fast paced dynamic environment. Self-motivated.

Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills for coordinating across teams. Polished presentation skills preferred.

EEO Statement

Nelnet is an Equal Opportunity Employer, complies with Executive Order 11246, and takes affirmative action to ensure that qualified applicants are employed, and that employees are treated during employment, without regard to race, color, religion/creed, national origin, gender, or sex, marital status, age, disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, sexual orientation, military/veteran status, or any other status protected by Federal or State law or local ordinance. Qualified individuals with disabilities who require reasonable accommodations in order to apply or compete for positions at Nelnet may request such accommodations by contacting Nelnet Talent Acquisition & Recruiting.

Nelnet is a Drug Free and Tobacco Free Workplace.
