This position supports a culture of continuous assessment and data-driven decision-making through program assessment and evaluation. In collaboration with campus stakeholders and IRPA staff, it is responsible for the implementation of on-going academic, co-curricular, and institutional assessment efforts. It will utilize existing institutional data, as well as implement new data collection efforts, to evaluate academic, co-curricular programs, and other initiatives across the university. It will work with campus stakeholders to evaluate programs using both statistical methods and predictive analytic tools. It will help implement predictive analytic tools on campus, and assist in building campus expertise with those tools through training and online support. Information developed through these efforts will inform senior campus leaders.

Minimum Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, Information Systems, Data Science or Analytics, Social Sciences, or related quantitative field required.

At least two years of full-time (or part-time equivalent) in a quantitative field with a focus on applied analytics and/or predictive modeling required.

Experience querying databases and large data sets to combine and manipulate data (e.g., import data, assess missingness, filter, transform variables, derive variables) using data extraction tools.

Experience applying predictive methods along with extensive knowledge of statistical theory and data mining techniques (e.g., GLM/regression, statistical tests, non-parametric statistics, clustering, factor analysis). Experience using statistical software packages and languages.

Demonstrated ability to communicate advanced analytical concepts and complex quantitative analysis in a concise, clear, and actionable manner. Demonstrated ability to tell stories with data using data visualization software or other reporting/BI tools.

Strong initiative and a resourceful approach to problem solving and learning. Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment. Strong critical thinking, analytical and organizational skills. A drive to learn and master new techniques and technologies.

Preferences:

Ph.D preferred

Experience with machine learning algorithms (e.g., random forest, simulation, text mining, decision trees, neural networks).

Knowledge and experience working with the following data extraction tools: SQL, SAS Enterprise Guide, Tableau Prep.

Knowledge and experience working with the following data visualization tools: SAS Visual Analytics, Tableau.

Knowledge and experience working with the following statistical software packages and languages: SAS, SPSS, Stata, R, and/or Python.

Experience in higher education (e.g., institutional research, educational research) and with student and faculty information.

Experience providing guidance and oversight to junior analysts on technical aspects of their work outside of formal project assignments.

Demonstrated experience with program evaluation and report writing.

Additional Certifications: Additional Information:

Must be a U.S. Citizen or have Permanent Residency.

Job Risks Not Applicable to This Position Physical Demands

Sedentary work. Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects. Repetitive motion. Substantial movements (motions) of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers. The worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading.

Posting Date: 07/08/2019 Closing Date: Open Until Filled No Best Consideration Date 07/24/2019 Diversity Statement:

The University of Maryland, College Park, an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, age, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, creed, marital status, political affiliation, personal appearance, or on the basis of rights secured by the First Amendment, in all aspects of employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

Applicant Documents

Required Documents

Resume

Cover Letter

Optional Documents
