The Role

Come help us learn more about the world. Below is a small sample of the questions we’ve asked of our data over the last year.

Did Lyft’s prospects improve in politically progressive areas in the aftermath of Uber’s press woes?

Is Amazon’s revenue growth in the fourth quarter primarily driven by customers in rural areas?

How did the path of the solar eclipse affect hotel bookings across the United States?

As a key addition to a growing and stellar data science team, you will be responsible for helping industry-leading companies understand how purchase and travel behavior is changing in America. Armed with our rich, up-to-the-minute, behavioral dataset, you will have a front row seat to the most interesting competitive battles in the global marketplace today. And your insights will have the power to inform essential strategic decisions at companies that touch millions of consumers.

You

You are deeply curious and thrive on seeing your ideas applied in the real world. You creatively work through problems with statistically sound thinking and have the natural itch to follow obstacles to their root cause. You are expert at extracting signal out of flawed data to make valid inferences. You think deeply about the problems ahead and are comfortable moving between tools in your toolbelt. And you are quick to learn, implementing new approaches when facing questions that demand it.

You are a gifted storyteller and are passionate about helping others make sense of data. You are an excellent communicator and relish the opportunity to empower leaders in finance, technology, and consumer goods with data to shape their long term strategy. You are a strong advocate for well grounded science and data best practices within the company.

Requirements

Substantial expertise in either probability and sampling, natural language processing, optimization, or causal inference

Ability to extract data from varied stores (t-sql, hadoop) and write code for models that can stand up to large datasets (python, spark)

PhD in Statistics, Math, Economics, related discipline or equivalent experience

3+ years of practical data modeling experience

Excited by a high learning curve

Excellent written and oral communicator

Compensation and Benefits

Highly competitive salary and benefits

Stock grants pre-IPO at a company backed by top investors

Take unlimited, responsible vacation

About Us

Edison provides intelligent email solutions for users and competitive intelligence for businesses. The largest, most valuable and as yet untapped data on earth is in mail; 3x larger than the worldwide web. Through our user base of more than 3 million users, we empower investors, brands, and technology companies to understand trends in the marketplace and gain deep insights into consumer behavior patterns.

As a team, we’re collaborative, engaged, and committed to continually improving as we serve our mission. None of us are on an island-- we trust our teammates to lend a hand when we’re stuck and our egos take a backseat to figuring out the best approach to tackling problems. We’re energized by tough problems and are excited to know that a challenge ahead of us does not have a textbook solution. Finally, we’re always in a posture of learning-- there is a lot we do not know but that does not hold us back from making an attempt at solutions. We lead thorough blameless postmortems to become better analysts, scientists, and leaders.
