Data Scientist at letgo New York, NY letgo's the largest and fastest growing app to buy and sell locally. With over 100M downloads and hundreds of millions of listings to date, letgo's been named among the Hottest Startups by Wiredand Best Apps by Google, and it's the second fastest growing app in America since its 2015 launch. Business Insider calls letgo the go-to app for selling your stuff and it's been featured by The New York Times, The Today Show, USA Today, The Verge, Fast Company, The Wall Street Journal, Fortune and hundreds of others worldwide. Already among the most popular apps in America, letgo's marketplace is filled with everything from electronics and cars to clothing and furniture. Listing something on letgo is as simple as taking a photo thanks to its advanced technology. It's the only app of its kind that can automatically title and categorize an item using artificial intelligence. Plus, users can easily browse local listings, chat instantly in the app, and view each other's profiles, ratings and reviews. Based in our New York office, our team of over 230 represents more than 30 nationalities. Fueled by our diverse expertise, letgo's goal is to build the largest marketplace of its kind in the world. We're looking for people who are as passionate as we are about creating something our users love and - just as importantly - who are excited by the challenge. As a Data Scientist, you will apply quantitative analysis, machine learning, statistical tools to understand and improve user experience and engagement within our marketplace. In collaboration with other Data Scientists and Data Engineers, you will actively contribute to key company projects in search and relevance, recommender systems, image classification for listing categorization, marketing attribution and forecasting, etc... We're looking for someone who has 5-10 years of experience in data science/machine learning in technology companies. We're looking for someone who wants to build something huge and that people love because it makes their lives simpler: We've built a company for people who want to do impactful work, surrounded by great people. We have a well-defined, mature culture — and we're always making it better. Your challenge: Perform analyses to identify opportunities to improve our users' experience Apply machine learning, NLP and deep learning algorithms to extract value from our massive data sets Implement prototypes to demonstrate potential value and validate ideas Communicate the insights with R&D and Product teams You must have: PhD or MSc student in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related fields Strong quantitative skills (statistics, probability, machine learning) as well as knowledge of algorithms/data structures Strong software development skills (Python, Java, Scala preferred) Some industry experience in at least one of the following fields: computer vision, recommender systems, search relevance & information retrieval, online experimentation, NLP, applied statistics. Nice To Have: Strong knowledge of the theory and practice of controlled experiments Experience with a deep learning framework (Keras, TensorFlow, MXNet, etc..) Advanced knowledge of NLP, Computer Vision, Recommender Systems and algorithms Familiarity with building and deploying data pipelines and services in AWS letgo perks: 100% covered medical, vision, and dental care premiums for you and your family Competitive salary and stock options Beautiful, new office in the heart of Soho and along the beach in Barcelona Potential opportunities to travel to - and work in our office Robust relocation package Massage therapy Fully stocked kitchens Team-building activities Language and other courses letgo is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is core to letgo's values. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
