Join our team and experience Workday!  
It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. 

Job Description  

About us  
It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun.   

About you  
Want to join a fast paced team focused on applying cutting edge Machine Learning (ML) to build personalized and smart data products?  Want to build data science best practices that radically improves time to market for ML products? Do you enjoy applying ML to Enterprise SaaS products? Plus, would you like the work life balance and financial stability of a market leader named in Best Companies to Work For by Fortune? The Workday ML team offers a unique opportunity with all these! 

What you'll do   
Work with product managers to formulate the ML product vision and design 
Propose statistical or machine learning based model/methodology to solve the problem 
Propose accuracy measures and validation criteria for the model 
Implement and evaluate proposed model/methodology 
Communicate the results and methodology effectively within the team and to external stakeholders 
Participate in design and implement of end-to-end solutions for Workday customers  

Skills you'll need   
4+ years of experience in Applied Machine learning or Applied stats 
Proven track record of analyzing large-scale complex data sets, modeling and machine learning algorithms 
In depth understanding of statistical analytics techniques and machine learning algorithms 
Expertise in at least one high level programming language like Java, Scala, C++ or Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas) 
Expertise in at least one statistical modeling tools from among R, Matlab or Weka (is a plus) 
Experience with Hadoop/YARN/Mesos/Spark/Elasticsearch/Kafka and building applications end-to-end (is a plus) 
Educational background in a relevant field (Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics) 
Operations Research, Physics, Computational Biology, or other quantitative fields with relevant experience in Applied Machine Learning or Applied statistics  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Beaverton, OR 97078 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_06c27f760785ea4bce478f006f4f2d7a
