Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions for the advertising industry and we're looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our Data Science team. If you are excited by technology that has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day; and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds, then IAS is the place for you!

As a Data Scientist at IAS, you will be part of a team that is a center of innovation for the company and a major contributor to the company's core products. The types of challenges we solve have attracted people from industry and academia with diverse backgrounds, including machine learning, physics, biology, neuroscience, computer science, finance, and economics. We're passionate about maintaining an open and collaborative environment, where team members bring their own unique style of thinking and tools to the table.

What you'll get to do:

Scope work and projects in the realm of machine learning and statistics

Work with a variety of data sources to build production-ready ML models

Collaborate with engineers to integrate solutions within larger engineering workflows

Effectively communicate results from ML models and statistical learnings to a variety of stakeholders within R&D and product organizations

What you'll need:

Advanced degree in a relevant technical field (machine learning, computer science, statistics, physics, mathematics, or related field)

5+ years industry experience, with technical leadership experience guiding ML projects from start to finish

Experience in applying machine learning techniques to real-world problems

Experience with source control workflows and deploying ML models in production

Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources

A passion for empirical research and for answering difficult questions with data

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner

Proficiency with at least one scripting language such as Python

Familiarity with relational databases and SQL

Experience working with large data sets, experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc.)

Experience with at least some of the following machine learning libraries: scikit-learn, H2O, SparkML, etc

About Integral Ad Science

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology company that offers data and solutions to establish a safer, more effective advertising ecosystem. We partner with advertisers and publishers to protect their investments, capture consumer attention, and drive business impact. Founded in 2009, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in 13 countries. Our growth and innovation have been recognized in the Inc. 5000, Crain's Fast 50, Forbes America's Most Promising Companies, and I-COM's Smart Data Marketing Technology Company. Learn more at www.integralads.com ( http://www.integralads.com ).

Equal Opportunity Employer:

IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.

To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ ( http://integralads.com/ ) and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN ( https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN )

Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.
