Medscape, a division of WebMD, develops and hosts physician portals and related mobile applications that make it easier for physicians and healthcare professionals to access clinical reference sources, stay abreast of the latest clinical information, learn about new treatment options, earn continuing medical education credits and communicate with peers.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Position Overview

Machine learning lies at the core of our new approach to advanced marketing and audience management. As a Data Scientist, you will lead the development of cutting edge machine learning methods that solve key problems in measurement and the audience development process. You will work closely with a cross-functional teams from editorial, product, sales and marketing, to identify areas where machine learning can have a material impact. You will work to build relevant data sets and analyze our data with rigor to drive prescriptive insights that will improve acquisition and engagement.

Responsibilities

Partner with various business lines (Product, Editorial, Sales) to create non-obvious insights;

Rigorously analyze business objectives vis exploratory machine learning methods to create testable hypothesis;

Work to build relevant data sets to support exploratory machine learning use cases;

Effectively communicate actionable or prescriptive insights to internal business partners. In a nut shell, help business partners make decisions based on data;

Implement successful machine learning solutions at scale.

Qualifications:

4 years’ experience in Data or Marketing Science

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, statistics or at least 4 years additional experience in data science, statistics or a similar role.

Expertise in one or more general-purpose programming languages (such as SQL, Java, Python, PySpark or Scala)

Demonstrated experience with Master Data Management and Audience Measurement use cases

Experience with ML development platforms like TensorFlow or SageMaker

Demonstrated ability to develop novel machine learning methods that go beyond putting together of existing code, and to apply problem-solving skills to complex issues

Ability to communicate effectively and collaborate with colleagues across job functions

Preferred Skills:

MS, or Ph.D. in computer science, data science, statistics, highly preferred
