Job Title:  Data Scientist (2 positions) 
 Job ID:  25049 
 Full/Part Time:  Full-Time 
 Regular/Temporary:  Regular 
 Job Code:  0400/Grade 3 
 Department:  Strategy, Planning, and Business Services 
 --------------------  
 Compensation  
Classification: Analyst/Programmer - Expert 
Salary Range: $6,249/month - $11,748/month 
FLSA Status: Exempt 
San Jos&eacute; State University offers employees a comprehensive benefits package typically worth 30-35% of your base salary. For more information on programs available, please visit  sjsu.edu/up . 
 &nbsp;  
 About the Position  
The Data Scientist will leverage data that has passed a first round of cleaning and manipulation, which then can be used to feed sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning and statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling.

 
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:   
  Discovery and Goal identification    
Conduct surveys and interviews with functional stakeholders to identify business questions and identify data analytics needs. 
Analyze large data sets to identify behavior trends among users using quantitative, statistical and machine learning techniques. 
Drive analysis and insight to help build predictive models, tools and processes to support production goals of player acquisition, retention and e-commerce.  
 
  Data Acquisition    
Leverage large volumes of data from internal and external sources to answer the identified business questions. 
Perform initial data investigation and exploratory data analysis. 
Ingest, integrate, process and clean data as required for the modeling.  
 
  Predictive data modeling    
Lead the creation of algorithms and models to predict outcomes across multiple functional areas. 
Employ sophisticated analytic programs, machine learning, and statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling. 
Automate work through the use of predictive and prescriptive analytics.  
 
  Delivery and Tuning    
Analyze data covering a wide range of information from user profile to transaction history and identify new risk patterns through data mining. 
Deploy reusable algorithms to minimize the incremental development work

  
To apply, please visit:  http://www.sjsu.edu/hr/careers/jobs  and search for Job ID: 25049. 
&nbsp; 
 Equal Employment Statement:  
 SJSU is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action employer. We consider qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or disability.  
 &nbsp;  
 It is the policy of SJSU to provide reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities who self disclose.   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Jose, CA 95192 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Education
