Expedia

Have you ever had the chance to impact the lives of millions of people in a significant way and help them enjoy time away with their friends and families creating memories? That is what we do here at Vrbo.com, an Expedia Group company. As the leading vacation rental website in the world with more than two million online bookable vacation rentals. Our mission is to make every vacation rental in the world available to every traveler in the world through our online marketplace and we're committed to helping families and friends find the perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together. As for engineering, we solve problems of scale and work on cutting edge and open-source technologies. Our culture is one that flourishes with solving difficult problems focusing on product engineering based on hypothesis testing to empower people to come up with ideas.

Our team:

This position is in Marketplace Optimization team, working on exciting products in the two-sided vacation rental marketplace, such MarketMaker, Rent Potential, Boost, Market Dynamics, Competitive set, for our millions of properties. The problem spaces we are working on is an exciting emerging area, requiring a mix of machine learning, optimization, economy. We are passionate about prediction, inference and optimization. This role will work closely with our Marketplace Design product managers, a strong team of engineers, creative designers, and fellow data scientists to help boost efficiency and profitability on our massive two-sided marketplace. The data science solutions you develop will affect billions of dollars of transactions every year.

What you’ll do:

Predict the chances of booking for a given property in a high-dimensional space using modern techniques

Dynamic pricing system

Develop the optimal strategy for property owners to achieve goals

Design causal effect experiments

Lead model building to understand and forecast demand and supply based on rich features sets that vary across space and time

Use model to understand the competition a property has

Who you are:

2+ years of experience developing data science end-to-end solutions at scale from inception to business impact.

Strong programming skill (Python, R or Scala)

Deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning

Proven ability to customize machine learning solutions to business problems in a cross functional team

Experience productionizing optimization models is a plus

Excellence in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes, semi-structured and unstructured data and near real-time throughput

Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge.

Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL

Established storytelling and presentation experience i.e be able to present business side of the story that data presents to c-team and business leaders

Advanced degree in Statistics, Math, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or other quantitative field

Benefits & Perks:

Competitive health and insurance benefits.

Competitive salary.

Annual target bonus or commission.

Parental leave for up to 20 weeks (dependent on eligibility).

Paid vacation and sick time.

Employee Stock Purchase Program.

Free snacks and beverages.

Frequent company update talks with our leadership team.

Free listing on HomeAway.com.

Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk.

Discounted Metro & Rail pass.

Casual dress.

Why join us:

Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and make people's lives better – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work, and to provide them to tools to do so.

Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares.

Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, HomeAway®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, lastminute.com.au®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Classic Vacations®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com™, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia® CruiseShipCenters®, SilverRail Technologies, Inc., ALICE and Traveldoo®.

About Vrbo

In 1995, Vrbo introduced a new way for people to travel together, pairing homeowners with families and friends looking for places to stay. We were grounded in one purpose: To give people the space they need to drop the distractions of everyday life and simply be together. Since then, we've grown into a global community of homeowners and travelers, with unique properties in 190 countries around the world. Vrbo makes it easy and fun to book cabins, condos, beach houses and every kind of space in between.

Vrbo is part of HomeAway and the Expedia Group family of brands and offers homeowners and property managers exposure to over 750 million visits to Expedia Group sites each month. To learn more, visit www.vrbo.com.

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.
