4 FDA approved drugs; 15+ clinical candidates; 400+ patents; 20 years of GNF history!

We are seeking for a Data Scientist who will be working with scientists and other informaticians to analyze high-content cellular images. GNF offers a unique environment to apply data science methodologies to large datasets originated from high-throughput drug research platforms, where data scientists help to accelerate the discovery of new medicines.

Your responsibilities:

Independent researcher, skillful in surveying existing literature, hunting solutions online, and conceiving new solutions as needed.

Collaborate efficiently and effectively with biologists in data visualization, data interpretation and result communication.

Self-motivated to continuously learn the latest developments in the nascent field of data science, including bio/chem-informatics and machine/deep learning.

EEO Statement

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.

Minimum requirements

What you’ll bring to the role:

Ph.D. degree in Computer Vision, Computer Science, Bioinformatics or related disciplines.

Solid background in image processing theory and practice, good programming and data analysis skills, and experience in working with large-scale datasets.

Solid understanding of computer vision/image processing theories and practice.

Proper biological knowledge required to communicate with scientists.

Communication and interpersonal skills are keys to succeed in this role.

Excellent programming skills in Python or R with Linux as the working platform.

Accurate understanding of machine learning concepts. Deep learning is a plus but not required.

Desirable:

Big data skills, such as Spark, NoSQL, and Cloud programming. This is not a big data engineering or programming position. The candidate will be trained to gain AWS Cloud experience.

Why consider Novartis?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

We are Novartis. Join us and help us reimagine medicine.

Division

NIBR

Business Unit

GNF

Country

USA

Work Location

San Diego, CA

Company/Legal Entity

Novartis Inst for Fun Gen inc

Functional Area

Research & Development

Job Type

Full Time

Employment Type

Regular
