Position Summary:

Deliver and lead business insights and recommendations that will become business strategies and improve business by +5% YOY in Direct to Consumer FY Sales, +3% in policies while maintaining cost efficiency. The data scientist will achieve this goal by using statistical analysis, modelling techniques that increase response and profitability for existing customer and improve targeting for prospects. Data Scientist will also lead in portfolio management of the multi-million marketing budget by swapping media opportunities within products and channels.

Responsibilities:

Support delivery of DTC policies, profit margin and premium by providing insights from data analyses and data quality control.

Connect the data pipelines to ensure data flows to greater insights and un-interrupted channel campaign management. Accountable for business results from key insights and analytical findings.

Be a key contributor to the California Consumer Privacy Act and Data Lake Projects and assist in the enterprise wide data- driven transformation.

 Lead in our data transformation, leveraging big data and innovative technology such as machine learning and A.I. to achieve goals above

 Identify growth opportunities through data (ROI evaluation, LTV, allowables and other analyses) to significantly improve business performance across channels, programs and purchasing modes.

Under minimal supervision, ascertain and execute plans to build, implement and maintain predictive models (Stepwise regression, Markov Chain, Time series forecasting, Multiple and logistic regression models, etc.) using available tools and programming languages. Monitor and provide feedback on model performance and recalibrate model as necessary.

 Perform analysis to identify areas of improvement for conversion rate, lapse rate, margin, user experience, media mix, cross sell and upsell. Lead recommendation implementation and adoption across areas.

 Independently gather requirements from appropriate business partners for project, including necessary data for analysis to be performed. Develop project plans, execute on deliverables within agreed upon timeframes, manage deadlines, communicate progress and make recommendations to address issues

 Translate analytical findings and statistical models into measures of business impact and actionable recommendations for the marketing team

Work with actuaries on pricing model and assumptions

Lead in enterprise-wide data mapping and transformation: include all collected data fields and connections in Marketing, Contact Center, Lead Management, and Policy Administration systems; understand how each data field is related to the business or how it is used to generate insights. Document and flow-chart GLIC’s data infrastructures. Phase out data connection needs by business urgency.

 Work with IT and external agencies and streamline established data warehouses, initiate new development of databases or data lake, production data, and available tools to build strategic datasets in support of key initiatives.

Lead and build a systematic processes to assess and validate data accuracy and data output

Code, clean and manipulate data in Google Big Query using R, Python and/or SQL

Code, clean and manipulate data in proprietary datamarts using SAS and/or SQL

Lead in work with Google or other similar data giants on data innovations such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to improve data collection, categorization, contextualization and utilization

 Lead the marketing team as the data SME to

Set up test hypothesis

Provide guidelines for test set up

Support the analysis of test results

Educate team on how to evaluate data and arrive at an actionable recommendation

Socialize identified data insights and business recommendations to both internal and external partners as necessary

Skills:

Education level

Relevant prior work experience

Quantitative, analytical, coding and communication skills

Proven ability to work independently yet collaborate effectively with others

Track record of meeting deadlines

Ability to adapt quickly to changes

Abillity to understand abstract concepts quickly and translate concepts into action plans

Education Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Economics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Management or Decision Sciences. Advanced degree is preferred

Computer Skills and Knowledge of Hardware & Software required:

Technical expertise in using a statistical package such as SAS, R, etc.

Technical expertise in coding such as Java, SQL, Python etc.

Two years of experience or training in traditional media, digital media, direct to consumer, or research fields

5-8 years of experience with relational databases

5-8 years of experience with SAS or R, and SQL

Direct to Consumer eCommerce experience

Experience working with Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Google DataLab, data management platforms (DMPs), predictive modelling and data mining

Substantial experience with Excel, including pivot tables, formulas, graphing and data visualization (Tableau, Google Data Studios, etc.)

Exposure and hands-on experience with lifetime value analysis, ROI, segmentation, anonymous/addressable data, clustering, sampling, media attribution, and risk/reward proforma
