About the Department

Imagine transforming the face of biomedical research and building world-class protein technology platforms in a state-of-the art facility. That’s what we do at Novo Nordisk Research Center Seattle, Inc. (NNRCSI). Our scientists apply cutting-edge technologies to early discovery projects within the diabetes and obesity areas, with the goal of bringing molecules to market. Such projects include identifying protein-based therapies for obesity, diabetes, and adjacent therapeutic areas, and researching the next generation of medical devices. At the NNRCSI, your skills, dedication and ambition will help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we’ll offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent, continuously learn and develop, and drive change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic conditions.

The team is comprised of collaborative, diverse and passionate people who have a true sense of pride in their work and are committed to helping others grow and develop in their careers. You’ll also have a platform to engage with key stakeholders on a global scale throughout the entire pipeline process. And while changing the future of diabetes treatment is no easy task, we also recognize the importance of an enjoyable workplace, which is why we’ve cultivated a culture of fun, ingenuity and innovation. And our competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and support of a healthy work-life balance all add to a best-in-class employee experience. We are changing lives for a living. Are you ready to make a difference?

The Position

The US Device Research (USDR)-US Data Scientist will contribute to the USDR-US vision to explore and develop new technology, product ideas, and game-changers that may hold the potential to add value to patients and Novo Nordisk in the future within therapeutic areas covered by Novo Nordisk corporate strategy.

The Data Scientist will act as an expert in identifying data sources and interpretation of the right data in order to give essential input to the design of attractive products that balance satisfying user needs with innovative technical solutions and business potential.

The Data Scientist will be responsible for developing, implementing and applying technical tools. At the same time, the Data Scientist will be a strong team player who contributes to development of software solutions and acts as a role model for others to follow.

Relationships

The Data Scientist reports to a USDR-US Senior Project Manager. Internal relationships include R&D colleagues in Seattle and in Denmark. This includes engineers, software developers, designers, user researchers, data scientists, and others. External relationships include relationships with commercial and academic collaboration partners and may include NNRCSI Seattle drug researchers.

Essential Functions

Develop therapeutic algorithms based on physiological, sensor, baseline, and behavioral data

Work with System Engineers to identify needs, derive requirements, set acceptance criteria, and develop tests for algorithmic systems

Drive decisions on core technical platforms, and continually improve processes

Demonstrate initiative in identifying and addressing unmet patient needs using data

Generate and mature ideas and concepts into real world solutions

Prepare and present written and oral reports and proposals to peers and management

Capture new, relevant inventions in Novo Nordisk patent applications

Occasionally collaborate with external partners

Develop a robust understanding of diabetes disease states and physiology, and the molecular and physiological role of insulin, glucose, and other factors relating to diabetes

Be a leader in designing, coding, training, testing, deploying, and iterating on machine learning systems

Build, modify, optimize, and utilize physiological models based on clinical data

Physical Requirements

Approximately 10% overnight travel.

Qualifications

BS or higher

Experience in regulated medical device development or in other regulated field preferred

Excellent written and oral communication skills

Detail oriented with strong documentation skills

Ability to influence, communicate, and collaborate across an organization

Ability to develop and implement sound technical solutions to complex problems

Ability to work independently and in teams, and to collaborate with external parties

Demonstrated ability to generate valuable and relevant ideas, create concepts based on ideas, and develop new products based on concepts

7+ years of experience building machine learning or AI systems. Advanced degree may be substituted for experience as appropriate

Degree in Computer Science or related field with research in machine learning

Experience with several of the following: natural language processing, deep learning, Bayesian reasoning, recommendation systems, learning from semi-structured data, reinforcement or active learning, machine learning (ML) software systems, machine learning on mobile devices

Solid software engineering skills across multiple languages including Python and R

Experience with data science tools such as Hadoop, Impala, Hive, Pig, Spark, Git, Jupyter, etc.

Preferred experience with business intelligence and demonstration platforms such as PowerBI, Shiny, etc.

7+ years of experience in mathematical modeling, signal processing, applied physics, or other relevant field. Advanced degree may be substituted for experience as appropriate

Degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or related field

Demonstrated excellence in mathematical modeling of complex systems

Experience with signal processing

Experience with machine learning is a plus

Proficiency in multiple languages, including MATLAB and Python

Ability to programmatically solve differential equations

Ability to validate algorithms against clinical data, ensuring appropriateness of fit

Ability to perform in-depth data analysis and present results and conclusions to engineering and leadership teams

Novo Nordisk is an Equal Opportunity Employer /F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

If you are interested in applying to Novo Nordisk and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply, please call us at 1-855-411-5290. This contact is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.

Requisition ID: 59861BR

State/Provinces: Seattle

Job Category: Research
