GEHA is a leader in health services for federal employees and related customers, serving our chosen markets with low-cost offerings and best-in-class customer care, sustained by a nimble and efficient organization.

The Data Scientist will serve in a critical role within GEHA’s Analytic Center of Excellence (ACOE), building Advanced Analytics methods to provide insights and solutions for complex business opportunities. This role will report directly to the Manager of Analytic Delivery, and will work closely with the Data Integration and Analytic Solution teams to ensure alignment across the longitudinal evolution of capturing data to creating actionable insights.

SKILLS

Duties and Responsibilities

Perform a wide variety of statistical, predictive and descriptive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms to meet the needs of the business.

Work with internal clients to proactively identify and/or understand complex business opportunities and propose advanced analytic methods to provide actionable insights.

Build and implement sophisticated analytic methods and statistical models designed with specific business opportunities in mind, using available tools and programming languages such as R or Python

Iterate through models quickly, with the ability to assess when an effort may need to be abandoned when it is not providing the business value necessary.

Create documentation that allows for the development and maintenance of models, providing oversight and guidance where necessary.

Participate in Data Governance efforts, ensuring a solid understanding of data definitions and usage.

Provide thought leadership regarding new technologies and/or methods that may benefit the enterprise.

Participate or lead efforts to transfer data knowledge to business units, supporting the efforts to utilize the data for decisions, leading the enterprise in its goal to be an insight-driven organization.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Master's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering) with 3+ years' experience or Bachelor's degree in a quantitative/technical field with 6+ years' experience

At least 3 years of experience with modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning, such as classification, recommendation systems, optimization, deep learning, and natural language processing

At least 3 years of experience in projects involving cross-functional teams

At least 3 years of experience with different analytical problem classifications/models and their applicability to different business problems (e.g., clustering, decision trees, logistic and linear regression, Monte Carlo simulation, neural networks, natural language processing, random forest, etc.)

At least 3 years of experience with statistical modeling tools such as R, and scripting languages such as Python

Expert-level proficiency in writing complex, highly-optimized SQL queries across large datasets

Experience with PowerBI or similar visualization tool

Ability to manage competing priorities simultaneously and drive projects to completion

Past and current experience writing and speaking about complex technical concepts to broad audiences in a simplified format

Strong understanding of Healthcare or willingness to learn

GEHA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. GEHA will not discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their compensation or the compensation of another employee or applicant. Our company's corporate headquarters is located in Lee's Summit near Douglas Rd and I-470 with a total of five locations in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
