VP - PVAI -Data Scientist - CPG011213

 We are a global professional services firm that makes business transformation real. We drive digital-led innovation and digitally-enabled intelligent operations for our clients, guided by our experience running thousands of processes for hundreds of Global Fortune 500 companies.

 From New York to New Delhi and more than 20 countries in between, Genpact has the end-to-end expertise to connect every dot, reimagine every process, and reinvent companies’ ways of working.

 Our focus is to make sure we have the right set of people delivering what we promise. People who think with design, dream in digital, and solve problems with data and analytics. People who obsess over operations, focus on the details, and lead change by being curious, incisive and courageous in everything they do—on a foundation of unyielding integrity.

 We are Genpact. Transformation happens here. Come, be a part of our exciting journey!

 In this role, the Senior Data Scientist will help with the continual advancement of the PVAI (Pharmacovigilance Artificial Intelligence) Core Extraction and Classification Engine by leveraging Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Graph Analysis, Machine Learning and Data Engineering technologies.

 Responsibilities

 Develop and adapt advanced algorithms for medical document triage, data extraction and signal detection

 Build machine learning enabled solution modules and contribute to client deployments

 Design efficient, scalable data pipelines to facilitate Machine Learning

 Conduct data analysis to provide insight into risks and benefits of different approaches

 Engage with clients to explain and promote Machine Learning capabilities and processes

 Build practical solutions to create a well-designed, optimally performing product

 Educate team members on algorithm nuances

 Support client workshops and meetings to convey progress and help gather requirements

 Leverage partner software and technology to accelerate discoveries

 Must Have Experience:

 At least 10 years of experience in research and development

 Strong computer programming skills, including expert proficiency in Python and Machine Learning frameworks. Experience in deep learning is a plus.

 Strong expertise in data pipelines, ETL and SQL/NoSQL technologies

 Broad knowledge of algorithms and practical application to real-world problems

 Excellent communication, presentation and analytical skills

 Preferred qualifications /experience

 PhD in advanced technical field

 Interest in Life Sciences applications

 Strong knowledge of mathematics, algorithm design and software methodology

 Highly cited set of peer-reviewed publications

 Active contributions to the Open Source Software Community

 Strong data exploration, data analysis and visualization skills

 Demonstrated experience in creating practical solutions and delivering products

 Excellence with agile development and working with global teams

 Additional Responsibilities

 Work closely with the product development team members to identify potential product enhancements

 Proactively seek improvements to ways of working across the PVAI initiative

 Leverage cloud infrastructure in a cost-effective way

 Make recommendations on software licenses and infrastructure

 Mentor junior technical staff members and contribute to a culture of excellence

 Conduct algorithm code reviews and algorithm scaling tests

 Collaborate with academic partners and survey academic literature to identify additional candidate algorithms as they emerge

 About PVAI

 Genpact's Pharmacovigilance Artificial Intelligence (PVAI) solution is designed specifically for the PV domain, and applies advanced digital technologies such as RPA, NLP and ML to reliably and effectively extract and code Adverse Event (AE) data from unstructured and partially structured source documents.

 PVAI provides a complete end-to-end case processing solution and transforms signal detection and evaluation through automated hypothesis generation and testing against a wide range of data sources. For a significant proportion of cases, PVAI enables “Touchless AE Processing" by utilizing a configurable workflow engine to automatically generate notifications and follow-ups without any human intervention. For those cases that need human review, our “Guided User Interface" helps the practitioner through the data fields that need verification, enabling more streamlined quality control. As practitioners make corrections to case data, PVAI continues to learn and improve in accuracy.

 By integrating AI across the information value chain, PVAI enables a self-learning, virtuous circle of improving data quality and insight. Our team ensures a low risk approach for introducing automation incrementally, and transitioning clients from manually-intensive processes to a highly simplified and automated PVAI operating model, all while maintaining strict compliance standards.

 Genpact is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.

 Genpact is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit

 www.genpact.com
 .

 Job

 Assistant Vice President

 Primary Location

 United States-Alpharetta

 Education Level

 Master's / Equivalent

 Job Posting

 May 23, 2019, 4:33:20 PM

 Unposting Date

 Jul 22, 2019, 6:29:00 PM

 Master Skills List Domain

 Job Category Full Time
