Overview

Come join Intuit as a Senior Analyst in the Data Analytics & Science team. We are looking for creative problem solvers with a passion to deliver data-driven insights. This position works alongside checks and supplies team to deliver business results using data for insights and optimization.

The Team

The QBDT Data Analytics & Science team drives user growth and retention using product insights and marketing channel optimization for the Small Business Group (i.e. Intuit QuickBooks). We are an exciting, growing and fun team that works with industry-leading analytics tools, techniques and best practices.

Responsibilities

Partner closely with cross functional teams to provide data-driven solutions and recommendations.

Design and develop data preparation components and processes that extract and transform data across disparate database tables (structured and unstructured data) by creating aggregates tables for reporting and analytics, ensuring integrity of analysis data.

Gather and process raw data at scale – advanced proficiency in writing scripts, web scarping and calling APIs.

Designing, integrating and documenting technical components for seamless data extraction and analysis on data platform

Deliver ad-hoc analysis to support business decisions.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field - Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related fields; Master’s preferred.

4-7 years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis.

Database experience with advanced SQL or SQL-like skills (Hadoop-Hive); experience researching and manipulating complex and large data sets;

Working knowledge of data and statistical analysis (eg. Cohorted analysis, Campaign Analysis, A/B tests)

Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau

Ability to communicate information effectively to a variety of groups at different levels.

Willingness to dig-in and understand the data and to leverage creative thinking and problem-solving skills are absolute musts.

Self-starter who takes the initiative to get things done.

Outstanding team player with a customer-back mindset
