Overview

GCIO is seeking a Meta Knowledge Lead/Data Scientist to provide end-to-end information and knowledge management services for Veterans Affairs. This includes modernizing the current information management system, supporting metadata driven workflows, process maps, knowledge management tool enhancement, collaboration and governance. Candidate must be experience with engineering design, development, testing, and implementation to support long-term IT engineering solutions as well as provide operational technical analysis and engineering support.

The environment is dynamic and client needs are often evolving; flexibility and forward-thinking views are important for success.

Responsibilities

Proven experience large and complex project or program, that includes large number of groups/departments and unit, that may be disparate and/or integrated.

Must have strong communication, collaboration, and negotiation skills

Must have strong experience proposing new solutions to problems, often thinking outside of the box to come up with creative solutions

Ability to extrapolate and communicate a client’s main challenges and pain points and the ability to craft strong solutions and make recommendations that are sustainable.

Define and demonstrate the appropriate data standards, data structures, and supporting COTS, GOTS, and Open Source technologies required to manage the data needs. These items are technical resources in the development of customer mission-based models to support major knowledge and information management systems.

Expert in exploiting the relationships between the data elements and metadata activities, agents, and artifacts which constitute detailed process flows

Must be methodological to provide clarity, and communicates end-to-end process flow with various dependencies and constantly verify and refine metadata where appropriate.

Understanding of process and records management, with the ability to provide detailed life-cycle, meta-data management, decision points, exception scenarios, etc.

Analyzes process and re-engineering with an understanding of business and technical problems and solutions as they relate to the current and future business environment

Ensure all requirements, customer and functional, are met though system analysis across all levels to include hardware/software, concept, design, fabrication, test, installation, operation, maintenance and disposal.

Research, collaborate, and strategize with vendors and various groups, such as R&D, Server and Network teams, and provide recommendations on how to leverage emerging technology to improve mission assurance.

Applies government-instituted processes for documentation, change control management, and data management

Provide SME input, proactive and recommend improvements to current processes in collaboration with various groups of stakeholders to develop trust and gain consensus, decisions on needed tasks

Must be able to use qualitative and quantitative analytical skills to assess the effectiveness of the operations

Demonstrated and current experience managing programs with complex data processing requirements

Must have experience with diverse IT projects both large and small

Must be able to multi-task to serve as both manager and participant in projects

Must be fluent to use Enterprise Architect (EA), Visio, PowerPoint, MindMap, etc. and relevant tools to perform and communicate relevant artifacts to various stakeholders.

Qualifications

Education Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical discipline

Years of Experienced Required: 6+

PMP desired, experience with fluently manage using Agile and Kanban principles

The selected candidate should demonstrate experience with industry MBSE tools and modeling methodologies to successfully produce systems engineering models.

Experience with Jira, SQL, Informatica PowerCenter, Computer Associates Erwin, Informatica Master

 Demonstrated knowledge and practical application of UML / SysML modeling languages and experience applying this common structure to an MBSE solution.

Demonstrated proficiency in using a Rhapsody, MagicDraw or other UML based Architecture modeling tools.

 Innovative solution engineering design and transition for SharePoint, Active Directory, VMware, Endpoint, Knowledge Management Systems, and Identify Management solutions.

Strong communication skills

Ability to work independently with minimal guidance and supervision

Ability to be productive and be a strong contributor with minimal guidance

Strong risk identification skills
