Responsibilities/Qualification

Enlighten, an Alion company is looking for a talented Data Engineer to support the acquisition of mission critical and mission support data sets. The preferred candidate will have a background in supporting cyber and/or network related missions within the military spaces, as either an developer, analyst or engineer. The ideal candidate will have worked with big data systems, complex structured and unstructured data sets, and have supported government data acquisition, analysis, and/or sharing efforts in the past. To excel in the position, the candidate shall have a strong attention to detail, be able to understand technical complexities, and have the willingness to learn and adapt to the situation. The candidate will work both independently and as part of a large team to accomplish client objectives.

Security Clearance:
Must have a current Secret level security clearance and therefore all candidates must be a U.S. Citizen.
Required Skills:
B.S. degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields. Educational requirements may be adjusted for applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience.
2+ years of experience as a developer, analyst, or engineer.
Experience with programming languages such as Python and Java.
Proficiency with acquisition and understanding of network data and the associated metadata.
Fluency with data extraction, translation, and loading including data prep and labeling to enable data analytics.
Experience with Kibana and Elasticsearch.
Familiarity with various log formats such as JSON, XML, and others.
Experience with data flow, management, and storage solutions (i.e. Kafka, NiFi, and AWS S3 and SQS solutions).
Ability to decompose technical problems and troubleshoot system and dataflow issues.
Desired Skills:
Experience with NOSQL databases such as Accumulo desired
Prior Experience supporting cyber and/or network security operations within a large enterprise, as either an analyst, engineer, architect, or developer.
*CJ *NF

Security Clearance

Secret

Diversity Statement

We are an EOE that values our employee’s talent – regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, religion or other protected characteristics – Your Talent Is Our Strength.

Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information.

U.S. Citizenship Required for the majority of our positions.

]]>
