We're looking for a Data Engineer to join Procore's Information Technology Engineering team to help evolve our data-driven culture and become a world-class data organization. In this role, you'll help us gain a data advantage by leveraging our data assets and designing the foundation for which our advantage is constructed.

As a successful Data Engineer, you have a strong background in cloud infrastructure, particularly AWS and Google Cloud Platform. You strive to excel at everything you do while being able to prioritize between the must-haves and nice-to-haves. If you're intrinsically motivated and ready to roll up your sleeves and dive in—we'd love to hear from you!

This position will report into our Director of IT Engineering and will be based in our headquarters in Carpinteria, CA on the bluffs overlooking the Pacific Ocean. We're looking for someone to join our team immediately.

What you'll do:
Create ETL (Extract, Transform & Load) pipelines to deliver sanctioned data to stakeholders, while maintaining high accuracy and reliability
Tune and monitor data infrastructure Performance to support a growing organization
Brainstorm data product ideas and partner closely with Data Scientists, Product Management and Operations teams to develop, test, deploy, and operate high-quality software
Develop data infrastructure that ingests and transform data from different sources and customers at scale.
Partner end-to-end with Business Managers, Product Managers, and Data Scientists to understand customer requirements and design prototypes and bring ideas to production
Work with internal business leaders to ingest data to enrich their data modeling and work products.
Participate in conversations with teams about business-impacting topics and brainstorm innovative ways to transform data into information and knowledge that drives revenue and reduces cost
What we are looking for:
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent
5+ years of data warehousing or data engineering experience with a distinguished track record on technically demanding projects
Deep knowledge of SQL databases (preferably PostgreSQL)
Comfort working with cloud-managed data warehouse technologies (Amazon Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake)
Strong experience working with Python, particularly for ETL or Data Science related tasks
Experience working in a data lake architecture, separating compute from storage
Passion for creating new products and services, including being comfortable with the ambiguity associated with designing new products
Experience working with REST APIs to ingest and enrich data sets
Experience with Apache Airflow for workflow management is preferred
Comfort using Hadoop related technologies(Spark, Hive, Presto, etc.) is preferred
Data Science/Machine Learning background is preferred
Familiarity with the construction industry is preferred
About Us
Procore Technologies is building the software that builds the world. We provide cloud-based construction management software that helps clients more efficiently build skyscrapers, hospitals, housing complexes, and more. Our headquarters is located on the bluffs above the Pacific Ocean in Carpinteria, CA, with growing offices worldwide. Check us out on Glassdoor to see what others are saying about working at Procore!

We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome builders of all backgrounds. We thrive in a diverse, dynamic and inclusive environment. We do not tolerate discrimination against employees on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law.

Perks & Benefits
You are a person with dreams, goals, and ambitions—both personally and professionally. That's why we believe in providing benefits that not only match our Procore values (Openness, Optimism, and Ownership) but enhance the lives of our team members. Here are just a few of our benefit offerings: competitive health care plans, unlimited paid time off (Procore Values Time), employee enrichment and development programs, and volunteer days.
