Overview

Role: Data Scientist

Location: Reston, VA

Duration: long term

Your day-to-day:

Project Conception/Refinement - Work alongside our product team to conceive, refine, and plan for new functionality/products that enhance FEPOC’s products/value

Project Management - Shepherd projects throughout their phases, manage resources, plan out delivery, expose and mitigate risks

Promote/Foster Innovation - Identify ways our modeling, processes, interactions can be improved and work with the team to propose and implement solutions

Represent Data Science - Work alongside our product team to conceive and bring to life new functionality/products that impact FEPOC’s performance and value. Represent the data science team throughout FEPOC.

Requirements:

• 5-8 Years data science research or industry experience

Python proficiency - It’s our lingua franca, and we’re big Jupyter fans

MS or PhD in CS or STEM - Ability to transform concepts into practical solutions

Machine Learning experience - Successful implementation of ML solutions

Communication Ability - Experience/comfort in presenting abstract concepts

Project Management Experience - Experience leading large DS/ML projects

Healthcare Experience - Experience with data science/ML techniques as applied to Healthcare, specifically experience on recommendation engines for members and claims anomaly detection

Required abilities and skills:

Advanced proficiency in Python and Spark/Scala for classical statistical analysis and data modeling, machine learning and ETL processes.

Ability to write production-ready code including documentation and unit tests.

Experience with machine learning methods like k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods and more.

Proficiency in data science modeling – AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Neural Networks, Supervised/Unsupervised Learning, Forecasting, Predictive Modeling and Clustering.

Strong background in machine learning using unsupervised and supervised methods.

Deep knowledge of fundamentals of machine learning, data mining and statistical predictive modeling, and extensive experience applying these methods to real world problems

Fluency in SQL and other programming languages. Some development experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)

Proven experience of using Python Machine Learning & Data Pre-processing Libraries. (Scikit Learn, Numpy, Pandas)

Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance

The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner

Preferred:

Preferred experience with a statistical package such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.

Proficiency with healthcare analytics and data structures is preferred.

Desired interdisciplinary skills include big data technologies, ETL, statistics and causal inference, Deep Learning, modeling and simulation.

Intermediate to advanced ability to create data visualizations using Python.

Leading data science projects or teams (as the most technically advanced team member) or working independently on data science projects.

Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) a plus.

Strong skills in software prototyping and engineering with expertise in applicable programming and analytics languages (Python, R, Spark/Scala) and various open source machine learning and analytics packages to generate deliverable modules and prototype demonstrations of their work.

Capacity to convert to a full time positions without a need for current or future sponsorship

Thanks & Regards

-

Laxman Kumar

Talent Acquisition

KMM Technologies, Inc.

CMMI Level 2 and ISO 9001:2008 Certified

WOSB, SBA 8(A), NMSDC & VA SWaM Certified

Contract Vehicles: GSA Schedule 70 & SeaPort-e Prime

Tel: 240-800-0039 | Fax: (866) 856 3684

E-MAIL: laxman@kmmtechnologies.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/laxman-m-841970aa

www.kmmtechnologies.com
