Ref ID: 00320-9502040162Classification: Database ArchitectCompensation: $80,000.00 to $100,000.00 per year Job Requirements Jr. Data Scientist nbsp; Location: Northridge, CA nbsp; Target Salary: $100,000 + Benefits nbsp; Employment Type: Full-Time nbsp; Roles and Responsibilities: Conceive, design, prototype and implement advanced algorithms aimed at generating solutions to critical problems Assess algorithm performance on real-world data Support multiple projects throughout the company Engage customers and collaborators to provide technical results and recommendations Document results via written reports, briefings and well-commented code Top Requirements: :: Bachelor rsquo;s Degree in Math, Engineering, or similar :: Python, C++, Matlab, or similar programming experience :: US Citizenship and Top Secret Security clearance ***For immediate and CONFIDENTIAL consideration, please EMAIL resume to nbsp;Landon Barfoot nbsp;at nbsp;landon.barfoot@rht.comTechnology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
