Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a skilled Data Science Instructor to support a fast paced, innovative project supporting our client in the field of data science and AI/Machine Learning.

Basic Qualifications:
SME skill level
15+ years of experience in data science or a related field
Ability to become familiar with current client priorities, programs and issues in order to adapt training programs to reflect changes in client mission, structure, regulations, or processes.
Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Outstanding facilitation skills to manage group processes and elicit student participation
Analytic and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated ability to apply structured analysis methods to various types of data to establish trends, determine variability, and diagnose the effect on training curricula.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Security Clearance:
An active TS/SCI w/Poly clearance

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
