About Beyond Finance

Beyond Finance is an exciting next generation Financial Services company with offices in Beverly MA and Houston TX. We provide financial products that are simple and transparent that aim to improve people's lives. As the consumer debt market continues to grow in the United States; we made it our objective to create a transparent and fair debt management services that are customized to the consumers' individual circumstances.

Our Leadership team is comprised of individuals who have extensive experience and expertise in the financial services and debt management spheres. We are reinventing the market by investing in innovative technologies to better identify and target the market segment. At the same time, extensive market research also enables us to customize our products to better service our clients. Our workforce is a community made up of celebrated, diverse backgrounds working towards the common objective of developing something transformational for the debt settlement industry.

As part of this effort, the company is creating a small team based in Santa Fe, NM focused on developing advanced analytics to improve our offering to consumers and streamline internal operations.

About The Role

Our ability to use data to define our strategy and direction will separate us from our competition. Through data mining, statistical analysis and experimental design, the Data Scientist is key in establishing the analytical data landscape and strategies that will drive BF's direction.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Work with various stakeholders such as senior management, data engineers, and marketing team on the formulation and application of new modeling solutions for a variety of business problems

Manipulate large data sets, integrate diverse data sources, data types and data structures into solutions

Develop analytical approaches to meet business requirements; this involves translating requests into use cases, test cases, preparation of training data sets and iterative algorithm development

Work with cross-functional teams to develop ideas and execute business plans

Develop solution prototypes and help integrate them with the product

Work closely with software development teams to communicate requirements and ensure quality of end-to-end deliverables of developed analytical solutions

Contribute to the team knowledge by keeping up with the state-of-the-art in machine learning applied to our domain

Basic Qualifications and Education Requirements

Strong quantitative analytical experience, including hands-on and background in using statistics, regression modeling, neural networks, decision trees, random forests, support vector machine, kernel-based methods, clustering and similar methods

Proficient in programming with Python (at least 2 years' experience).

Exposure to Advanced Analytics and Data Mining

Strong SQL skills in Big Data environment a plus
