Responsibilities

Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data, including latent semantic indexing (LSI), entity identification and tagging, complex event processing (CEP), and the application of analysis algorithms on distributed, clustered, and cloud-based high-performance infrastructures. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases visualized through multi-dimensional interfaces. Handle processing and index requests against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills - engineering, physics, mathematics, coupled with the ability to code design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques and utilizing high-performance computing environments. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations for business and analytic decisions. Experience with software development, either an open-source enterprise software development stack (Java/Linux/Ruby/Python) or a Windows development stack (.NET, C#, C++). Experience with data transport and transformation APIs and technologies such as JSON, XML, XSLT, JDBC, SOAP and REST. Experience with Cloud-based data analysis tools including Hadoop and Mahout, Acumulo, Hive, Impala, Pig, and similar. Experience with visual analytic tools like Microsoft Pivot, Palantir, or Visual Analytics. Experience with open source textual processing such as Lucene, Sphinx, Nutch or Solr. Experience with entity extraction and conceptual search technologies such as LSI, LDA, etc. Experience with machine learning, algorithm analysis, and data clustering.

Qualifications

Recognized expert within the company, who designs, researches and develops highly advanced applications, which may result in new product/business opportunities for the company. Leads efforts to capture new business through technical work and capability briefings. Bachelor's (or equivalent) with 13+ yrs of experience or a Master's with 11+ yrs of experience.

Clearance

Clearance: Candidates for this position must be clearable, and may be required to be submitted for a security clearance, based on current background investigation (SBI), as well as the favorable completion of polygraph. Clearance and polygraph processing will be completed by the U.S. Government.

Interested in this position?

Please click Submit your resume, on the right.

Recruiting Point of Contact:

Phyllis Kerr: pkerr@keywcorp.com

KeyW EEO Statement

Employment decisions at the Company will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. The Company does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of. (1) race, (2) religion, (3) creed, (4) color, (5) national origin, (6) ancestry, (7) sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), (8) age, (9) medical condition, (10) marital or domestic partner status, (11) sexual orientation, (12) gender, (13) gender identity, (14) gender expression and transgender status, (15) mental disability or physical disability, (16) genetic information, (17) military or veteran status, (18) citizenship, (19) low-income status, or (20) any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.

About the Organization

KeyW is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Jacobs.

About Jacobs

Jacobs leads the global professional services sector delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With approximately $12 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 50,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
