Smartronix Inc., a Premier Amazon Web Services Consulting Partner, Microsoft Gold partner and Google Cloud Platform Premier Partner in addition to being an information technology and engineering solutions provider specializing in Cloud Computing, Cyber Security, Health IT, Network Operations, and Mission-Focused Engineering.

Smartronix is seeking a forward thinking, talented, and passionate Mid Level - Data Scientist to support a large task order. As a member of our core team, you will have an exciting and challenging opportunity to work with emerging technology and a large collection of data sources, and engage with a large team of highly skilled professionals. The ideal candidate will be supporting one of our elite Intel customers to find new ways to discover, understand, and visualize information. This position entails building high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications. The candidate will supporting design and architecture for complex systems, particularly ensuring that tools and processes are in place or developed to enable advanced analytic capabilities. As a Data Scientist, some coding and development skills are expected, and mid level expertise in the full software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing is strongly desired. The candidate will expected to collaborate directly with customers to ensure products meet and exceed operational requirements. The successful candidate will be a self-starter that demonstrates excellent communication and problem solving skills. #CJPOST

Responsibilities Include:

Conduct research and analysis of data and create analytic approaches, processes, and in some cases finished intelligence products.

Review data ingest streams for anomalies in support of QA/QC activities, and work with data and systems engineers to remediate issues.

Validate accuracy of big data systems both upstream (ETL) and downstream (consumption) using sampling and vetting techniques.

Coordinate collection of data requirements and analytic needs with collection teams and developers.

Perform scripting in support of analysis and QA/QC.

Disseminate intelligence data analysis products dealing with subject profiles, networks, facilities, and resources.

Develop and optimize mechanisms, tools, and processes for dissemination of analytical findings.

Required Skills

Ability to create high quality intelligence products requiring minimal revisions or modifications.

Ability to work in very large data repositories and cross-correlate data across multiple data sources.

Ability to identify new emerging data sources that provide value to the overall mission requirements.

This opportunity requires a TS/SCI clearance.

Required Experience

Bachelors degree required. Preference is in Analysis, Computer Science, or related field.

Minimum of 8 years experience in addition to Bachelors degree. Intelligence analytics or direct statistical experience preferred.

Familiarity with relational and big data enterprise-scale data stores is strongly preferred.

Experience in intelligence analysis and using intelligence analysis tools strongly preferred.

Python scripting experience a strong plus.
