Company: CORP Enclave

Location: US-TX-Houston

Zip Code: 77077

Minimum Level of Education: Master's Degree

Minimum Years of Experience: 5

Position Type: Exempt

Travel Percentage: 0

More information about this job:

OVERVIEW:

At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco.

POSITION SUMMARY:

The primary focus is to conduct predictive analytics via statistical, machine learning, and mathematical models on Sysco’s corporate data to get actionable business insights. In addition, a Senior Data Scientist must lead and support other data scientists to success in their areas of responsibility.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Understand business priorities and be the ultimate lead / subject matter expert for a functional group (Marketing, Assortment, Pricing, Supply Chain & Logistics, Corporate Strategy etc.)

Work with Sysco technology team on data integration to architect, build and continuously improve a customer data-mart, which is the foundation of data-driven and customer-centric marketing initiatives.

Synthesize and interpret analytics insights from other business functions as potential inputs into the customer data-mart

Identify and derive insights regarding customer behaviors and preferences across various sales and marketing channels to inform the customer data-mart.

Understand business requirements, identify required data sources and model KPIs. Convert this knowledge to solution design for predictive and prescriptive data science models.

Implement data science models and visualizations tools such as R, SAS, Python, Tableau and open source libraries.

Lead a team of Associate Data Scientists and Data Scientists, assign and track task completion as well as provide technical as well as non-technical leadership.

Lead multiple projects simultaneously and help team resource planning.

Perform regular code reviews and give feedback on approach and coding standards to junior data scientists.

Design and execute experiments to validate solutions during product rollout and present results to leadership.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive business results through various use cases of customer-level in

Research industry leading analytics practices and recommend continuous improvement opportunities for Sysco.

Represent Sysco in industry events and help attract top talent.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and / or Experience:

Master’s degree + 5 years or PhD + 3 years of industry experience in management consulting, strategy, analytics, at a specialized analytics company or in an analytics organization in a corporate setting.

Degree should be in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field; preferred from a top tier University.

5+ years of experience accessing and manipulating data in SQL or NoSQL database environments

4+ years of experience with scientific scripting languages (e.g., Python, R) and/or object oriented programming (e.g., C++, Java)

5+ years of experience with Bayesian statistics, regression analysis (beyond linear regression), supervised learning, unsupervised learning or timeseries analysis required

Basic Qualifications:

Must be able to think conceptually, strategically, and creatively with little oversight or direction (i.e. display thought leadership vs. simply "do" or execute something that was developed or directed by someone else)

Must have experience initiating, driving and delivering complex analytical projects.

Able to perform quantitative analysis using appropriate analytical and visualization tools such as Python, R, Tableau and open source libraries.

Strong software design and OOP skills (must be functional in nearly any language).

Demonstrated experience using machine learning algorithms in a commercial setting.

High proficiency in the use of statistical packages, understanding advantages and limitations of each

Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms.

Must be very comfortable with numbers and have a solid understanding of various analytical techniques and where they should be best deployed

Must have a basic understanding of the latest trends in database systems and technologies that enable advanced analytics including cloud based solutions such as AWS.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in the sales and marketing area

Experience in CPG, Retail and /or Foodservice

Experience with Agile Software Development

Attributes:

Inquisitive, innovative, and opportunistic

Highly motivated, inspired overachiever

Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

Understanding of end to end process for deploying analytics within a business organization to create value

Strategic thinking and business acumen

PHYSICAL DEMANDS:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

WORKING CONDITIONS:

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

#LI-CW1

Applicants currently authorized to work in the United States as well as those who will require sponsorship may be considered.

Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Employment Type: Full Time
