The Data Scientist Lead is an individual contributor that should be able to apply quantitative, data science and analytical skills to complex problems. He/or she should be able to work across teams to design, develop, and evaluate and execute against those data science and analytical solutions with a keen functional understanding of the business problem. He/she will be responsible for data wrangling, data analysis, modeling, including model selection and producing quick applicable modeling solutions.

The position will serve as a thought leader including advising on optimal solutions and opining on challenger models. The role works on strategic, highly visible projects firm wide. It is an opportunity to have meaningful impact on a large scale at a leading financial services firm. The role will develop data-centric solutions that move the bottom line for the firm.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:

Advanced degree or undergraduate degree with 10+ years work experience in analytical field (e.g., Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Operations Research, Physics), data bootcamp certification, or industry experience in analytical roles (e.g., consulting, modeling, data analysis)

Ability to work in a team as a self-directed contributor with a proven track record of being detail orientated, innovative, creative, and strategic.

Influencer with great interpersonal skills and proven ability to achieve alignment across a range of different views and interests.

Strong skills of data wrangling

Strong aptitude for technical concepts and ideas.

Thought leader in data science and analytics who can define analytical agenda for projects, demonstrates ability to frame ambiguous business questions into analytical plans (e.g., assessing data needs, sourcing files, preparing data, creating new features, evaluating quality, etc.), and executes with precision.

Knowledge of modern data mining, quantitative research, and data science techniques (e.g., multiple of: regressions, decision trees, ensemble algorithms, neural networks, time series analytics, clustering, anomaly detection, text analytics, etc.).

Experience across broad range of modern data science and analytics tools are preferred (e.g., SQL, Hive, Hadoop, Spark, Python, R and Jupyter Notebook).

Excellent communicator able to convey complex information in an understandable, compelling, and persuasive manner to senior executives.

You will work within the Machine Learning Team to design, code, train, test, deploy and iterate on large scale machine learning systems.

You will build delightful products and experiences for millions, while working alongside an excellent, cross-functional team across Engineering, Product and Design.

You will help shape the direction of machine learning and artificial intelligence at JPMC.

Experience with one or more of the following: natural language processing, deep learning, bayesian reasoning, recommendation systems, learning for search, speech processing, learning from semistructured data, reinforcement or active learning, ML software systems, machine learning large data sets

Financial services background preferred, but not required.

Our Corporate Technology team relies on smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support for all our corporate functions across our network. Your efforts will touch lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and within the Corporate Administrative Office. You’ll be part of a team specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as our technology controls agenda.

When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 20 technology centers worldwide, our team of 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $10B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will are transforming the financial services industry.

At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.
