Supply Chain Data Scientist – COS Strategy PMO

Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a

technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our

over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Supply Chain Data Scientist on our Continuity of Supply Strategy and PMO team.

Data analysis and modeling is all about breaking new ground in answering our business’ most urgent questions. To remain at the top, we must continually solve complex problems and generate meaning and value from large-scale data sets using new and existing methodologies, tools, statistical methods and models.

We are actively looking for talented and motivated individuals to join our team. If you are curious by nature and inspired by how data is changing the world, then we are interested in talking with you.

You should excel and thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative and iterative environment. You should also be driven to show the world the power of data, analytics, model answers to problems, as well as excel in making complex concepts simple and easy to understand for those around you.

Roles and responsibilities include:

Developing and delivering data analysis services to further advance Dell’s competitiveness in the areas of global supply chain and operations with a focus on ISG Production Procurement and Engineering organization

Assessing complex challenges, modeling potential solutions, and making recommendations that provide practical, value-added answers

Application of database tools and statistical predictive models

Analyzing large data-sets to derive strategies and solutions using a variety of tools (R, Python, SQL, MicroStrategy, Microsoft Power BI and Tableau)

Possessing ability to think strategically about how to use data to drive competitive advantages

Creatively visualizing and effectively communicating data findings/insights in a variety of formats

The position offers:

Opportunity to develop cutting-edge strategies and solutions for one of the industry’s most respected supply chains

Access and interaction with senior leadership team at a Fortune 50 company

Opportunity to work with a highly motivated team that invests in your development

A commitment to diversity and inclusion

Competitive compensation including bonus plans and a great benefits package

Exciting internal career opportunities to different roles

Ideal candidate profile:

Persistent: You will be asked to solve ambiguous problems with no clear owners in a large and complex organization. You will run into walls and in circles, but you need to stay determined

Passionate: True interest in learning about operations and how products are made and delivered – only then, will you truly be persistent in the face of major challenges

Proactive: Supply chain is all about identifying and mitigating unknown risks. You need to be thinking ahead of everyone else about the next risk on the horizon

Experienced: Clear history of data analytics experience used to solve problems and tell stories of how these problems occurred

Role requirements:

MS or higher in Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, or Data Sciences (or equivalent experience)

5+ years of applicable work experience.

Advanced knowledge of statistics utilizing statistical programming languages (R, Python, etc.)

BI, Data Mining, Machine Learning experience

Experienced in data management and building packages

Experience with measuring and maintaining data quality

Proficient in database query language(s) (SQL, MDX, etc)

Prefer to have advanced knowledge of Microsoft BI Stack or Pivotal Stack

Benefits:

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and

development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.

If you share our passion for data and you’re keen to play a key role in driving progress, this is your

opportunity to develop with Dell.

Closing date: 30 September 2019.

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.
