Division of Criminal Justice

Medicaid Fraud Control Unit – New York City

Lead Data Scientist

Reference No. MFCU_DAT_NYC_6109

The New York State Office of the Attorney General’s (OAG) Medicaid Fraud Control Unit (MFCU) is seeking a Lead Data

Scientist to join its Electronic Investigative Support Group (EISG) based in the New York City office. The mission of MFCU

is to investigate, prosecute and obtain criminal and/or civil remedies against individuals and corporate entities

responsible for improper or fraudulent Medicaid billing schemes, as well as to investigate and prosecute allegations of

abuse and neglect of residents in nursing homes and other residential healthcare facilities, and to make Medicaid

program integrity recommendations for New York’s $70 Billion Medicaid program that serves over 7 million New

Yorkers. From inception through disposition, MFCU uses a team based approach where attorneys, analysts,

investigators and other professionals work together to uncover complex fraudulent conduct for which MFCU holds

offenders accountable through both criminal prosecution and civil litigation. MFCU’s EISG manages a statewide network,

consisting of eight (8) regional offices, and supports a 20+ terabyte data mart which serves as a primary data source in

the investigation and prosecution of healthcare fraud and abuse.

The candidate is required to have the following knowledge and experience:

3+ years demonstrated experience in data analysis and data visualization required;

Experience in SQL and a firm understanding of relational databases;

Strong interpersonal skills – collaborate with people across functions and develop strong relationships;

Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical staff to understand issues and present analytical

results;

Strong proficiency in MS Excel.

The ideal candidate will have the following additional preferred knowledge and experience:

Master's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, (bio) statistics, applied statistics, economics, or

other similar field of study;

Knowledge of the healthcare industry and medical coding concepts (CPT, ICD-9 / 10, DRGs) and/or experience

analyzing healthcare claims data;

Strong proficiency in MS Access;

Experience with common scripting languages (R, Python) or other open source data analytics tools (KNIME);and

Experience leading and growing a team of data analysts preferred.

Duties include, but are not limited to:

Analyzing healthcare data, Medicaid claims and other data mining resources to identify instances of fraud, waste

and abuse;

Being an advocate for analytics-driven decision-making within MFCU;

Evaluating new open and closed-source software to aid in MFCU’s mission;

Act as a mentor and grow the technical capabilities and skills of MFCU analytical staff;

Collecting, cleansing, and formatting large quantities of data;

Conducting exploratory data analysis and drafting potential anomaly metrics;

Translating historical patterns of fraud, waste, and abuse into features for modeling; and

Collaborating with MFCU’s audit and investigative staff to validate potential models and recording requirements

for future development.

OAG employees serve more than 19.85 million state residents through a wide variety of occupations. We offer a

comprehensive New York State benefits package, including paid leave, health, dental, vision and retirement benefits, and

family-friendly policies. As an employee of the OAG, you will join a team of dedicated individuals who work to serve the

people of our State.

Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

The OAG is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to workplace diversity.
