What we do

Civis Analytics helps leading businesses, nonprofits, and government use data to identify, attract, and engage customers, constituents, and citizens. With a blend of proprietary data, technology and advisory services, and an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, developers, and survey science experts, Civis helps organizations stop guessing and start using statistical proof to guide decisions. Learn more about Civis at www.civisanalytics.com ( http://www.civisanalytics.com/ ).

Who we are

At Civis, we have opportunities for applicants who are newcomers, seasoned professionals, and anywhere in between. Our teams are energized by complex challenges and value diversity of thought. Opportunities to stand out and inspire happen daily and we trust and encourage you to act on your ideas – no matter how big they are. We offer you the tools and community you need to do your best work. Each of us is committed to holding ourselves accountable for results, challenging the status quo and finding new ways to grow our company and each other.

What we're looking for

Civis Analytics is looking for Applied Data Scientists to join its DC-based political team.

This team will build the next generation of data science for Democratic and progressive organizations, and Applied Data Scientists will play the principal leadership role on the team.

Civis' objective this year and next is simple: we want every political client organization to be data-driven and digital first. Here's how you'd help:

First, the Civis platform is the technology of record for hundreds of in-house data scientists and analysts across the progressive movement. We seek to extend the feature set and capabilities to help these users quickly and self-reliantly accomplish their missions through data.

Second, Civis is building new digital technologies to help campaigns make the transition to digital outreach. It's 2019 after all. We're building the measurement, execution, and attribution tools to help these campaigns measure, target, and spend their dollars effectively and transparently through digital tools.

About the Role

The political Applied Data Science (ADS) Team works closely with candidates, independent political organizations, and advocacy groups to provide strategic insights about elections up and down the ballot. ADS is our client-facing advisory arm. Members of the ADS team work collaboratively with social scientists and survey methodologists, software engineers, and solution delivery specialists to create and deliver scalable solutions to clients' needs.

As a Applied Data Scientist in our Chicago or DC office, you will structure hard problems, analyze large data sets, build predictive models, collaborate in cross-functional teams, create client materials, and ensure on-time progress and delivery of our projects. This role reports to an Applied Data Science Lead.

Tasks you might encounter in a typical week include:

Drafting a set of visualizations that explain the state of a competitive primary

Analyzing the results of a web-based survey and assembling a first draft of a memo outlining key findings

Setting up an automated pipeline that identifies anomalies in a changing dataset

Using predictive models to describe voters in an upcoming election

Working with a client to interpret and explain the results of an analysis

While this is a politically-focused role, individuals have succeeded in this role with a range of backgrounds outside of direct campaign experience, including consulting experience in a non-political role. Members of our team have educational backgrounds in physics, political science, philosophy, and more.

Responsibilities

Work with colleagues to structure complex client problems to be solved using imperfect data

Enhance, find patterns in, and build predictive models on large data sets

Produce data visualizations and presentations that communicate technical information to multiple audiences

Document processes and decisions, and recommend potential quality control improvements

Work with Applied Data Scientist Leads to derive clear, actionable, and timely insights from analyses

Work with Applied Data Scientist Leads to create presentations that are client-ready, clear, and correct

Minimum Qualifications

Excellent interpersonal and communication skills

Ability to tackle difficult analytical problems, break them down into component parts, and work independently or collaboratively with others to solve them

Experience using programming languages, including at least one of Python or R, and a willingness to develop these skills on the job

Comfort using data to answer questions and communicate those conclusions to others

Bachelor's degree in an analytical subject or equivalent experience with data and analytics, which can include skills developed in a past job, on a political campaign, or through self-driven learning

US work authorization

Preferred Qualifications

Comfort using very large data sets to answer questions and communicate those conclusions to others

Demonstrated ability to work under time restrictions

Experience working with presentation and data visualization tools, such as ggplot, Tableau, and MS PowerPoint

Why Civis Analytics?

The opportunity to be part of a growing tech startup focused on continued learning, mentorship, and internal promotion

Competitive benefits including flexible PTO, 401K match with immediate vesting, as well as health, dental, and vision benefits

Downtown open office environment near great restaurants and all public transportation options

Civis embraces the individuality of our employees and we celebrate each other's differences. Our products, services, and culture benefit from and thrive on the unique perspectives brought by each person in our Civis community. We're proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, age, sex, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact internalrecruiting@civisanalytics.com ( internalrecruiting@civisanalytics.com )

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States.

EEO IS THE LAW ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf )

EEO Supplement ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf )

Pay Transparency ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_English_unformattedESQA508c.pdf )
