Ref ID: 03230-9502038072Classification: Database AnalystCompensation: DOERobert Half Technology is looking for a Senior Data Scientist!! They are looking to improve their operational efficiencies using process data, moving towards a more data-driven operating model. The Sr. Data Scientist will have the opportunity to build and manage a team of Data Scientists who will have an instrumental role in these efforts. His/her responsibility will be to define data science standards, uncover areas in which data science can drive business value, and provide guidance to the team of data scientists on how to best apply data science techniques. In addition, he/she will be responsible for applying advanced statistical analysis tools and techniques to explain operating behaviors, understand complex relationships between known and unknown drivers of performance, and build algorithms using advanced descriptive and prescriptive methods. Lastly, he/she will also inform on needed tools and capabilities to industrialize insights into day-to-day ways of working that drive real tangible operational enhancements. Responsibilities - Collaborates with translators and understands business problems to implement scalable and sustainable solutions - Coordinates with SMEs, translators, IT and data engineers to deliver holistic analytical solutions - Designs, creates, tests and implements complex models and algorithms that drive analytical solutions throughout the organization - Translate or interpret findings for non-analytical or statistically adept colleagues - Write reports articulating the analytics insights and their business impacts - Conduct and led meetings and workshops to explain findings - Supports Translators in communicating the design, functioning and output of the analytical models/solutions developed - Manage and direct data science team to accomplish technical goals and develop data insights Job Requirements Most Important Keys -10-12 years experience in IT 4-5 years in Data Science -Not Keen on Consultants -Industrial or Manufacturing background -Python and R Qualifications - 12+ years of experience in IT or a business function, 5 or more of which is specific to data science - Master?s degree or other advanced degree in information technology, computer science, data science, or related quantitative discipline (e.g. advanced statistical analysis) - Experience leading a team of data scientists with responsibility for hiring, coaching, and developing direct staff - Experience with object oriented design, coding and testing, engineering software platforms Proficiency in aggregation of large data sets, statistical analysis tools - Expert knowledge of data modeling and understanding of different data structures Understanding of advanced applied mathematics in AA, artificial intelligence and array operations - Comfort in using SQL Server, PostgreSQL/ MySQL, and R - Knowledge of programming languages (R, PHP, Python) - Able to build a sense of trust and rapport that creates a comfortable effective workplace - Experience in industrial industry applications or process industries (chemicals, energy, petroleum refining, mining) preferred *Qualified candidates are encouraged to apply immediately* Email Melissa.Phan@rht.com for more information!Technology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
