Deep 6 AI is a fast-growing tech startup company in Pasadena, California looking for talented, dynamic team members who want to help shape our groundbreaking artificial intelligence platform. Our healthcare technology helps doctors and researchers find patients for clinical trials, speeding up the process significantly and getting life-saving cures to people in need more quickly. Come join a fun team of scientists, engineers and problem-solvers dedicated to innovating in healthcare and improving health and wellness! You’ll enjoy competitive compensation, an awesome work environment in downtown Pasadena, and early equity in a fast-growing tech company! In 2018, we were named one of the top 25 Machine Learning startups to watch by Forbes.

Reporting to the CTO, the Lead Data Scientist will own the data and machine-learning for a whole new category of innovative SaaS products for health systems, life sciences companies, and patients: Clinical Trial Acceleration Software (CTAS).

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Develop data-driven insights and machine learning models to identify and extract facts from electronic medical records.

Ensure that approaches are scalable and can be deployed across multiple clouds and hospitals.

Lead a highly collaborative team of data scientists that work closely with numerous groups throughout D6, hospitals and life sciences companies to ensure the highest impact work is prioritized and delivered.

Support the needs of our high-performance Data organization and ensure the team has the resources it needs to succeed.

REQUIREMENTS

4-7+ years experience working as a data scientist, building NPL, Deep Learning or AI applications

3+ years leading or managing teams of data professionals

Strong background in ML, mathematics and statistics, including unsupervised and supervised methods

PREFERRED

M.S. or PhD degree in STEM field, with explicit application of ML/statistics tools/methods

Significant experience with ML tools and coding within python and or scala

Strong background in time-series analytics, dynamical systems, probabilistic state modeling and/or reinforcement learning

Bonus points for significant experience working with large datasets and large-scale production and their accompanying tools (e.g. hadoop, spark, cloud-based architectures, etc.)

Experience with large enterprise integrations leveraging contemporary and dated technologies

Experience with data science applied to Healthcare systems a plus
