The Liquidity Data Scientist III (“LDS III”) understands and connect the dots to different aspects of analytics to support SVB’s Liquidity Product Management strategies. This includes business understanding of data, analytics for decision making, statistical analysis, product performance metric reporting as well as reporting tool (Tableau) design and development. This is a wide range of areas and requires diversified skill sets as well as experience. Will be analytic subject matter expert for liquidity products and clients usage of our products. Provide analytics that support revenue generating liquidity product by applying product knowledge, statistics and/or machine learning, and various analytic techniques. Also responsible for identifying and exploring relevant data sources, full business understanding of the data, develop algorithms, maintain statistical models, and deposit forecast models. Produce actionable results by collaborating with liquidity product managers and other analytics teammates.

Job Functions:

Produce essential analytics that enabling liquidity product decisions to maximize product revenue (ex. optimal product pricing; optimal segmentation for pricing), support liquidity products initiatives (i.e. sizing of initiative opportunity, analytics that support agile initiative adjustment when needed, etc.).

Support liquidity advisors by identifying potential risks and opportunities via data-driven analytics.

Research, analyze, and interpret large data sets to help develop data-driven analytics.

Partner and work harmoniously with cross-culture and cross functional teams such as liquidity product analytic specialists, product managers, business managers, and other analytical teammates in understanding the data and/or resolving business problems.

Routinely translate business problems/issues into data and use data-driven analytics to provide actionable solutions/recommendations to support overall Liquidity Product Management strategy. Exercise creativity, critical thinking, analytical thinking, and collaboration to solve problems.

Work may involve building spreadsheet and/or statistical models using a combination of banking and liquidity product knowledge, statistical techniques, and machine learning/optimization techniques.

Assist in querying data and creating metrics for liquidity product performance monitoring and analysis.

Developing efficient and scalable processes by leveraging data skills to assist Liquidity Product Management team in optimizing and streamlining various data processes and by building Tableau report/dashboards to automate the update process of on-going reports/metrics.

Participates in meetings and special projects or duties as assigned by management. Participates in strategic planning of projects and initiatives.

Applies intuitive and trained analytic techniques, knowledge of SVB client behaviors and liquidity products, and presented the ability to distill and synthesize data creatively to solve problems and create data driven insights that support Liquidity Product Management decisions and SVB goals.

Applies sound judgment in determining how to collect, interpret, transform, and analyze data in order to produce meaning full results.

Routinely recommends analytical solutions, data mining approaches, and scenario analysis to solve business problems. Recommends solutions based on data-driven evidence. Recommends UX design for Tableau reports/dashboards.

Executes tasks fairly independently and exercises judgment based on the analysis of multiple resources.

No travel is expected for this position. The position will be located in close proximity with Liquidity Management teams (primarily in the Bay Area, CA)

Knowledge:

Knowledge of statistical modeling methods, machine learning algorithms, and various advance analytic techniques.

Strong data knowledge with the ability to distill and synthesize various data into cohesive insights, analysis, and/or recommendation.

Knowledge of dynamic interaction of bank balance sheet and the effects of client liquidity funds on bank liquidity and P&L.

Knowledge of bank liquidity products (deposits, sweeps, and other types of liquidity management products used by business and commercial clients) is preferred.

#LI-DP1

Qualifications

Required Skills:

Strong analytical and problem solving skills

Strong Data analysis Skills

Thought Leadership skills

Process management skills

Effective time management and organizational skills

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Flexibility to work and manage variety of projects.

Strong attention to detail

Tableau, SQL, SAS, R, and BOXI skills

Some UX design skills

Competencies:

Problem-solving aptitude

Independent judgment/critical thinking

Analytical

Data Proficiency

Business acumen

Initiative

Collaboration

Detail Oriented

Thought Leadership

Strong Communication Proficiency

Required Education/Experience:

Bachelor/Masters in Engineering, Math, Computer Science, Econometric, Statistics, Operational Research, or equivalent fields that use large data and statistics

5+ years of banking experience, analytics and/or business intelligence space

Preferred skills:

Degree in analytical or technical fields

Strong background in SQL is preferred

Tableau building knowledge

UX design knowledge

Banking balance sheet and liquidity management experiences preferred
