AWS Big Data Scientist - 8 Month Contract - Hoboken - 100/hrThe ideal candidate is a data-driven problem-solver with an ability to understand and model complex problems, discover insights and identify opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. Partnering with a team of technology and business data specialists the resource will use their analytic skills to integrate and prepare large, varied datasets, architecting specialized solutions, in various compute environments, while effectively communicating results to various interested parties. This is a dynamic environment where the right candidate will be comfortable and capable of operating in "test and learn" mode.Responsibilities:Utilize emerging data technologies and techniques to support data driven problem solving solutionsLead, influence and participate in the end-to-end data lifecycle Business engagement, problem identification & hypothesis buildingDefine & build compute environments and automated data pipelinesDrive data engineering activities; discovery, sourcing, wrangling, cleansing and modelingApplying Machine Learning techniques and various algorithms to provide problem solving insightsCreating meaningful insights through data visualization & simple, effective results communicationHelp establish data roadmap and strategiesQualifications:Hands-on experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician)Practical knowledge of version control and agile developmentExperience with Spark, Scikit Learn, Github, AWSMachine Learning Expertise: classic supervised modeling algorithms (e.g. RF, LR, SVM), hyperparameter tuning, feature selection, dimension reduction and evaluation criteriaPython Expertise: classes & inheritance, map & filter functions, generators, decorators, style guides, pylint, pytest, pdbSQL/Hive Expertise: where clauses, joins, group bys, windowing functions, explodingDemonstrated effective written and verbal communication skillsOpportunity Type: 6 Month ContractIf you or someone you know is interested in this position, please send your resume directly to P.Sandstrom@jeffersonfrank.com or call 212-731-8282 (ext 3205) and ask for Paige.Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the upmost importance. For more information on available AWS Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market, I can be contacted at 212-731-8282. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more information.
