General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world's leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie's Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You've come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. Job Overview General Mills is seeking a Computational Biologist in Minneapolis, MN. This individual will help build a vision for growth in General Mills' (GMI) bioinformatics program. This expert will utilize predictive analytic skills and capabilities to explore new spaces with global impact and relevance to General Mills’ businesses. This individual will have an opportunity to influence the ‘digital strategy’ for GMI’s Innovation, Technology and Quality function. This role will be responsible for leading a portfolio of global projects requiring executional knowledge in computational biology, molecular biology, genetics and biostatistics to help identify and improve advantaged crops for General Mills products. This position will also have technical expertise and autonomy in the field of predictive genomics to support internal and external crop breeding programs and will operate with a high-level understanding of the legal/patent realm. The Computational Biologist will report to the Director, Nutrition & Technology Solutions. As General Mills increases emphasis in its digital transformation, there are future opportunities for career advancement. Responsibilities In this role you will: Act as a project manager to maintain project deadlines and all computational data processing necessary for predictive modeling to be performed.Manage genotyping capabilities through third party collaborators.Develop the core computational analysis pipelines (computer coding and scripting) that support the genotyping program.Utilize technical acumen in predictive genomics leveraging skills in computational biology, computer science, and biostatistics.Utilize technical expertise in predictive genomics and implementation of the Augmented Intelligence breeding assistant to ensures crop breeding deadlines are maintained and aligned with critical business initiatives.Conduct regular communication with plant breeders to deliver and interpret genetic analyses such as genetic diversity analyses, predictive models, trait imputation, and cross evaluations.Leverage AI capabilities and apply them in novel areas in the General Mills technical community Qualifications MS / PhD Computational Biology or Bioinformatics, minor interests in geneticsCompetency in coding, advanced analytics, bioinformatics and genetics.Proficient in predictive modeling techniques such as R or JMP GenomicsDemonstrates strong strategic thinking, communication and engaging leader skills Demonstrates results orientation, leadership and initiativeCollaboration, strong interpersonal skills Ability to work externally and partner with experts across the industry and academiaThis is a position for which applicants must be currently authorized to work in the U.S. For this position, General Mills will not sponsor applicants for a U.S. work visa.#cb
