Schneider is seeking an innovative and collaborative Data Scientist Lead to join our growing team! Our Data Scientist Leads analyze and interpret large data sets to develop data-driven recommendations to solve current business challenges in real time. Using licensed cutting-edge modeling and visualization tools like R, Tableau and Python, you will collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams to design, build, test, and implement advanced machine learning models. You will provide strategic leadership and project direction to coordinate team efforts and influence key decision makers. At Schneider, you will also bring technical rigor and statistical methods to tackle the challenges of matching carriers with freight, optimizing pricing and order acceptance thresholds, and understanding the behavior of customers and our associates. The Data Scientist Lead will:Create innovative machine learning models and technical frameworks that address and help solve complex business demands Collaborate cross-functionally with engineers and additional Tech associates to implement continuous improvement solutions and inform business of recommendations Provide strategic leadership and support to team members; influence without authority Self-direct project work while continually building own skillset Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations By choosing a career with Schneider, we improve your life by offering: Annual profit sharing bonuses availableStrong work/life balance that includes paid holidays and generous personal time offMedical, dental and vision insurance plus company-paid life insurance 401(k) savings plan with company match plus a company-paid retirement plan Tuition reimbursement and free financial service assistance Health Care Spending Account On-site services including cafeteria, gym and fitness classes, walking/jogging trail, ATM, personal mail services, company store and much more Resilient, values-based culture that drives safety, integrity in every action, respect and excellence in all we do Individual development opportunities through company-paid training, active leadership involvement and more than 170 online personal development courses Our preferred candidate will have: Experience with machine learning software (e.g., R, Python, SPSS, SAS), data access/manipulation (e.g., SQL, pandas, dplyr) and NoSQL databases (e.g., MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase) required; experience with cloud computation (AWS, Azure) highly desired Experience with freight brokerage or pricing required PhD Degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) plus a minimum of five years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a data scientist / statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician), including experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. OR Masters Degree plus a minimum of six years of relevant work experience Job Requirements Company Overview: Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a $5 billion company (annual revenue in 2018) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences. The Schneider Way:We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with honesty, dignity and respect.We are a desirable employer due to our commitment to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.We are a responsible member of the community. Core Values:Safety-first and alwaysIntegrity in every actionRespect for allExcellence in all that we do Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world. Apply today! http://www.schneiderjobs.com We are an equal opportunity employer.
