Driven by Possibility Gates Corporation is a leading manufacturer of application-specific fluid power and power transmission solutions. At Gates, we are driven to push the boundaries of materials science to engineer products that continually exceed expectations. We don’t rest on our rich heritage of innovation. We leverage it to inspire solutions that will power the next hundred years. We invest continually in R&D and technology, so our products not only outperform industry standards; they exceed our customers’ demanding expectations. We invest in our people, bringing real-world experience that enables us to solve our customers’ diverse challenges of today and anticipate those of tomorrow. And we are constantly expanding our product catalog and value-added service offerings to support every facet of our customers’ operations. In the most extreme environments and those more familiar, Gates is there with the right product, in the right place at the right time. Whether building original equipment or maintaining products in the aftermarket, we enable companies in every industry to be more efficient, productive, and profitable. We are Gates. OVERVIEW: At Gates, we welcome challenges, celebrate hard work, and continually seek new talent to join our global company. Our Denver office is seeking to hire a passionate Data Scientist within the newly created Analytics and Data Science team. This new team of 2 will use data science to provide a competitive advantage to our leadership team, allowing Gates to be a more efficient and gain insight into the market. Data scientists work directly with the Chief Marketing Officer to define and deliver projects. Starting from the initial phase the team will be architect around how we collect and analyst data to gather insights into the global industrial market, our customers, our internal data and other exciting facets of our industry.. The ideal candidate is a data practitioner, whom has the experience working with diverse sets of structured and unstructured datasets to deliver business value. This individual needs to own and drive data analysis solutions for business by scoping and executing all steps of the data analysis process. A data scientist will be responsible for independently exploring and working with a portfolio of datasets and have the opportunity to generate novel insights from the data and delivering them to key stakeholders. This individual needs to be passionate about the data science research process and intellectually curious about solving real-world questions from data.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Undergraduate degree

A Masters or PhD degree in statistics, computer science, economics, mathematics, or a related field, preferred

1-3 years of relevant experience in a data-driven professional setting

Proficiency in multiple programming and querying languages, including Python

Familiarity with big data analytical techniques and cloud technologies including Tableau and Cognos

Foundation in statistics and mathematics

Self-starter within the industry with the ability to drive the team’s objectives

Comfortable working with, and combing, disparate and diverse sources

A strong intuition for analytical methodologies and desire to solve novel technical challenges

Excellence in balancing multiple projects and efficiently meet goals in fast-paced environment

Strong written and verbal communication

Ability to work independently and on a team as well as report findings to executive level individuals

Have a tenacious desire to impact the success of the business

Must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis without sponsorship

WORK ENVIRONMENT:

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Gates Corporation is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of race, sex, color, religion, age, disability, pregnancy, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, or any other consideration defined by law.
