BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelor degree or MS in highly quantitative field (Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics or related field)

5+ years of relevant work experience

Able to understand and translate business questions into analytics projects

Demonstrated experience in data mining, machine learning techniques and/or statistics

Strong SQL skills

Proficient using Python, R, Stata, Matlab or other statistical or machine learning software

Strong communication and data presentation skills, ability to work with teams of technical and non-technical members

Ability to diagnose problems and/or customer requirements and translate them into global solutions

Amazon is seeking an exceptional Data Scientist to play a key role in building and automating the core intelligence, models, and algorithms that drive Amazon compensation strategies globally. This is an opportunity to be on the ground level of a central analytics core team in compensation. Our small team of scientists and engineers work closely together and are passionate about delivering analysis and innovative tools that simplify and improve compensation for the business and Amazon employees worldwide. We are looking for a creative thinker with a strong analytic toolbox who know how to execute and deliver on big ideas. Ability and enthusiasm to be a leader on a startup team operating in a highly ambiguous environment is required.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will take an ownership role leading the end-to-end development of data analytic products. You will need to collect information from business teams and develop the roadmap for delivering insights, recommendations, and compensation tools that have a global and lasting impact. To be successful, you should demonstrate the ability to balance excellent analytical and technical skills while clearly driving communication and collaboration with other key players. As a member of the team, you will have the opportunity to leverage your passion for data science to create high impact solutions.

Major responsibilities include:

Define the business problem and solution approach autonomously with limited guidance.

Use advanced algorithms to solve business problems, and transform one-off models into automated systems.

Analyze and validate data to ensure high data quality and reliable insights.

Partner with data engineering teams to improve data assets, quality, metrics and insights.

Proactively identify interesting areas for deep dive investigations and future product development.

Design and execute analytic projects in collaboration with Product Managers, Business Analysts, Economists, and other specialists.

Challenge assumptions and conventional ways of thinking and work collaboratively with the team to generate new approaches

Write concise documents communicating results to stakeholders and visualize data to drive decision making

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Expertise in specialized areas of quantitative modeling, statistical analysis (e.g. Machine Learning)

Experience with causal analysis

Proficiency in AWS Redshift, S3, and EC2

Coding proficiency in Python, Ruby, Java, or other language

Experience in complex project iteration based off multiple data sources
