Job Description:

Works collaboratively with clients and stakeholders - both external and internal to the company - to research and elicit, analyze, validate and document business requirements, and to ensure that those requirements clearly reflect true business needs, correctly representing all stakeholders. Translates business needs into system/ application requirements and project components to help determine solutions to business problems. Assists team members in producing functional requirements for tool development. Proactively identifies and manages changes to requirements and identify risks for the company’s clients. Effectively manages client’s expectations. Applies industry and information technology expertise to support proposals, feasibility studies, implementations and new business development.

Responsibilities:

Under minimal direction, formulate and define system scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of information technology, business processes, and industry requirements.

Act as a liaison between client and technical solutions/ support groups, using advanced communication skills to elicit, document, analyze and validate client requirements.

Apply extensive knowledge of the client's business and industry to develop requirements specifications.

Document requirements, and translate into proper system requirements specifications using high-maturity methods, processes and tools.

Develop visualization, user experience and configuration elements of solution design.

Execute and coordinate requirements management and change management processes.

Develop and maintain internal and external relationships to support management of scope and expectations.

Participate in proposals, feasibility studies, implementations, and new business development.

Operates as a team member and as a team leader. Advise on methods to improve business processes.

Consider the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment.

May lead the training of clients and peers.

Education and Experience Required:

Typically a Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent experience and a minimum of 6 years related experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 4 years of experience.

Knowledge and Skills:

6 or more years experience.

Essential: requirements elicitation via interviewing; requirements determination using structured techniques for documentation, analysis, evaluation/ validation; decomposition of high-level information into details; abstracting low-level information; distinguishing requests vs needs; distinguishing requirements vs. solutions; classifying/ prioritizing requirements; OO techniques using UML models; ambiguity analysis, ensuring consistent understanding across users, designers and testers; business process modeling of current state and desired/ future state processes; defining and managing scope and client expectations, requirements change management and traceability; identifying and mitigating risks; applying creativity to solving complex problems; building relationships and working collaboratively; effective verbal/ written communication; experience in an industry domain.

Specialized: Function Point counting; survey execution; statistical analysis; developing structured user manuals and training; visualization modeling; business rules modeling; develop and executing acceptance test plans.
