Data ScientistLocation: Owings Mills, MDContract to hire - US Citizen or Green card as clearance is requiredThe Software Engineer is an accomplished technical leader and a team player with substantial software engineering experience, preferably with some experience within the healthcare industry. The candidate must have hands-on experience with enterprise level software development, integration and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies. The ideal candidate will have a good foundation of the Java, Scala, R, Spark, REST API, AWS, S3, PostgreSQL, Big Data and SQL/Data Modeling. The candidate must demonstrate a willingness to learn new cutting edge technologies and overcome technical challenges in a fast paced environment. The candidate will provide design, and implementation expertise to a cross-functional software development team. The Data Engineer will play a key role in developing next generation data analytics platform leveraging latest data science technologies, DevOps, cloud computing, and Data Lake / big data technologies.RESPONSIBILITIES: Architect, design, code, and implement next-generation data analytics platform using software engineering best practices in the latest technologies Java, Scala, R Data integration with Spark, Big Data, Pentaho Data Lake and/or Data warehouse with S3, Redshift NoSQL technologies like Cassandra, HBase, DynamoDB Provide software expertise in these areas: Spark based applications, Java application integration, web services, Cloud computing. Develop solutions to enable metadata/rules engine driven data analytics application leveraging open source and/or cloud native components. Passion for learning, growing, and mentor team members on the fine art of data engineering and advanced data science technologies. Develop solutions in a highly collaborative and agile environment. All other duties as assigned or directed Contact Robin Marsh at rmarsh@altaits.com to be considered Job Requirements Contact Robin Marsh at rmarsh@altaits.com to be consideredQUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field 6+ years of experience with full lifecycle development 4+ years of combined experience with Java, Scala or R 2+ years of combined experience in Apache Spark or Big Data Integration 2+ years of combined experience building Data Lake with S3 and/or Redshift Experience in an Agile development team, preferably SAFe Education and/or formal training may substitute for experience requirement U.S. citizen or legal right to work in the United States without sponsorship TECHNICAL SKILLS: Excellent knowledge of Spark SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate) Excellent knowledge of core java, collection framework, generics and multithreading Basic knowledge of Unix/Linux commands especially in processing data files Preferred experience with Spring Framework (Boot, Cloud, Security, Data) Preferred experience with ATTD and associated technologies (Fitnesse, Junit, Karma/Jasmine) Preferred experience with delivering code using Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) best practices and DevOps to production Preferred experience with AWS cloud technologies (S3, Redshift) ALTA IT Services, LLC. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other factor.
