---------------

About the Role:

---------------

AdRoll is seeking a Data Scientist to join our rapidly growing Product Analytics team. We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of math, statistics, and experimental design to help us launch and evolve new high-impact marketing products. You will be integrated in a product and engineering team to become the analytics authority for a product, from defining the data produced to mining for insights. This is an opportunity to support a brand new product and craft its design, metrics, and direction. We're looking for a high-impact individual who can not only produce hard analytics from AdRoll's large data sets, but also develop hypotheses and test why specific metrics are changing.

-----------------

Responsibilities:

-----------------

Partner with Product, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Operations teams to support product launches and feature releases

Design logging and define success metrics for a new product

Run experiments and analysis to influence strategic decision-making and steer the product roadmap

Research optimization levers to improve product performance and functionality

Analyze business and marketing data to identify drivers of product adoption and retention

Build dashboards, product scorecards, and forecasts to keep the entire team up-to-date

---------------

Qualifications:

---------------

3+ years of experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst.

B.A./B.S. in Statistics, Math, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, or a similar field

Database experience including proficiency in SQL

Excellent communication, organization, and critical thinking skills with experience presenting to various business contacts at all levels in the company

Passion for working with product management and engineering

Ability to thrive in a fun and fast-paced start-up environment

A roll up your sleeves attitude

A great sense of humor

-------------

Bonus Points:

-------------

Coding experience with scripting languages such as R and Python

Experience with visualization tools like Tableau

Background in online advertising

Masters degree in statistics, math, or a related field

-------------

Compensation:

-------------

Competitive salary and equity

Medical / Dental benefits

Paid time off and generous holiday schedule

The opportunity to win the coveted Golden Bagel

-------------------

About AdRoll Group:

-------------------

AdRoll Group has been on a mission to accelerate growth for companies, big and small, since 2007. Our technology powers a suite of data-driven marketing and advertising solutions, AdRoll - a growth platform for ambitious commerce companies and RollWorks - an account-based platform for ambitious B2B companies. AdRoll Group has empowered over 37,000 AdRoll and RollWorks customers worldwide to understand, attract and engage buyers, driving growth for their businesses.

We are committed to building diverse teams of "Rollers" and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, ancestry, sex, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, citizenship, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or other characteristics.

#LI-AI1
