Summary: The Data Scientist is responsible for exploring, examining, analyzing and visualizing data from multiple disparate sources to develop new products based on the data gathered; has strong business acumen, along with an effective ability to communicate findings to both business and technology leaders. The prime candidate will have the ability to analyze incoming data from multiple business domains and build a data platform upon which to build multiple data-driven applications. The person will be responsible for designing and implementing processes and layouts for complex, large-scale data sets used for aggregation, statistical and research purposes. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes. Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modeling Present information using data visualization techniques All other duties as assigned by management Job Requirements Qualifications and Core Competencies: Practical ability to visualize data, communicate the data, and utilize it effectively Extensive experience solving analytics problems using quantitative approaches A proven passion for generating insights from data Strong knowledge of statistical methods generally, and particularly in the areas of modeling and business analytics Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner Strong problem solving and logical skills. Technical Skills: Expertise with SQL database. Experience working with large data sets Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, Scikit etc. Experience with applications or tools such as RapidMiner, KNIME, or Big ML. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable. Experience with Qlikview a plus Education and/or Experience: Degree in Applied Math, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science or other quantitative field. MS preferred
