Job Details

Job ID: 10855

New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL.

Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence.

Responsibilities

Are you fascinated with the capabilities of artificial intelligence and autonomous systems?

Be part of the team leading the development of innovative space technologies such as self-piloting and onboard science processing systems.

The Artificial Intelligence Group works on fundamental research problems leading to unique software applications in spacecraft autonomy, scientific data analysis, and mission operations automation and onboard analysis for real-time decisions. Development projects will include automation of ground and flight operations for communications stations, space missions, marine vehicles, aerial vehicles, including fleets of vehicles. You will use Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies to partially and fully automate critical systems for scheduling, planning and resource allocation.

What you will tackle:

Design and develop complete components of software tools for data analytics.

Develop subsystem requirements.

Perform analysis on a wide variety of large and disparate datasets using complex techniques.

Develop scheduling algorithms for autonomous systems that must interpret large amounts of input state, constraint, and event data to generate actions and scheduled to achieve higher level goals.

Communicate results to internal customers.

Apply and combine current and emerging techniques and tools in novel ways.

Develop and combine complex data analysis techniques and methods for a specific application.

Qualifications

Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 1 year of related experience; or Master's degree in similar disciplines.

At least a 3.0gpa on a 4.0 scale

Broad knowledge in one or more related fields of the following areas: software development, artificial intelligence, operations research, resource allocation mechanisms, quantitative modeling, machine learning, computer vision, risk models and probabilistic methods.

Experience in wide application of principles, theories, concepts and techniques in programming languages such as C++, Python, Java, Hadoop map-reduce, R, Ruby, SAS, Artificial Intelligence Techniques and concepts.Hands on experience in automation and analysis systems for timeseries data or robotic autonomous systems.

Extensive knowledge of applicable industry and/or academic practices and standards in Software design & development and Computer Science.

Work Authorization N/A
