Where good people build rewarding careers.  
Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. 
  Job Description 
 Risk analytics spans a broad set of empirically-based disciplines (applied statistics, econometrics, applied mathematics, algorithmics / optimization, and machine learning / data science) applied to and across all the major risk silos (credit, market, operational, liquidity, and model risk, with a focus on liquidity risk).  We are seeking experts in these fields to apply their training and experience to optimize risk-and-return business decisions in the Performance and Analytics team within Allstate’s Enterprise Risk and Return Management group.  We place a premium on expert statistical and econometric programming skills/experience with real-world data (e.g. SAS, Matlab, Python, SPSS, R, C++).  A deep understanding of the value/necessity of independent replication and model validation is key, as is the knowledge of multiplicity/FDR issues and the ability and expertise to avoid overfitting.  We highly value a very strong curiosity factor in exploring / understanding datasets containing covariates with complex relationships, appropriately tempered by the need for provable rigor and scientifically defensible and replicable methods based on modular, transparent, and well-documented code.  This is consistent with the value we place on non-siloed, cross-disciplinary solutions to complex, real-world, non-textbook business challenges.  The Risk Analytics Data Scientist is responsible for aligning with and contributing to corporate objectives by identifying and developing growth and profitability opportunities that will enable Allstate to generate profitable market share growth.  He/she is accountable for using data and non-trivial statistical/econometric code that in most circumstances, seamlessly and directly translates into material business decisions for the firm.  This includes building predictive models and developing original-yet-defensible methods that enable Allstate to make better decisions and win in the marketplace.  This role is responsible for leading the use of data to make risk-and-return analytics decisions, with a focus on liquidity risk. This includes, more broadly, the development and management of predictive modeling and the design and development and vetting of original methodology; statistical/econometric empirically-based coding expertise in at least one major relevant language is required (e.g. SAS, Matlab, Python, SPSS, R, C++) as this will serve as the basis by which the abovementioned business decisions are made.  More specifically, this role will leverage the candidate’s experience with various approaches – both established and derived, original methods – to estimating and managing liquidity risk to effectively and efficiently drive capital decisions.  This role will manage complex projects and require some mentoring as it will have direct reports. 

  Key Responsibilities 
  Uses best practices to implement and develop complex statistical, econometric, and machine learning techniques to build risk analytics models that directly address material business needs.  Incorporates independent replication and model validation methods into the model development process and understands the necessity for this, as well as the extreme efficiency gains that result from this best practice.  The ability to boil down, without dumbing down, is critical: communicates effectively to team members, leadership and stakeholders on findings to ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes.  Provides stakeholders the opportunity to influence the direction of the work via feedback loops.  Knowledge of, and experience dealing with multiplicity/FDR issues, and the ability and expertise to avoid overfitting, is key.  Develop and execute non-siloed, cross-disciplinary solutions to complex, non-textbook business challenges.  Works on data and complex business problems to drive improved risk-and-return business decisions and results by designing, building, and partnering to implement the right models for the right problems (e.g. Hadoop is not necessary (or desirable) for mere gigabytes of data, and random forests is not necessary (or desirable) when OLS conditions are sufficiently met).  Can identify new areas of data, research and methodology/models that can solve relevant risk-and-return business challenges.  Collaborates the with team to understand the business’ problems to identify the optimal methodological, and modeling (method+language/platform), approaches.  Mentors and develops junior data scientists.  

  Job Qualifications 
  Master’s or PhD degree or concentration in a quantitative field such as statistics, econometrics/economics, data science, applied mathematics, computer science, and/or finance.  Peer reviewed publications &amp; related awards are highly valued / desired, as are technical conference decks.  Academic honors, top standardized test scores, scholarships and fellowships are highly valued / desired.  Serving as referee / reviewer / editor of academic and industry journals is highly valued / desired.  Best-of-breed expertise in working with statistical software such as SAS, MatLab, Python, SPSS, R, C++.  Demonstrated expertise using statistical and econometric modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models of nontrivial size and complexity that have driven company decision making.  Experience with various approaches – both established and derived, original methods – to estimating and managing liquidity risk to effectively and efficiently drive capital decisions.  Demonstrated experience incorporating independent replication and model validation methods into the model development process.  Demonstrated experience and ability developing and executing non-siloed, cross-disciplinary solutions to complex, real-world, non-textbook business challenges.  Knowledge of advanced modeling techniques, and the experience to know how to select, apply, and test the right models for the right problems.  Demonstrated ability and experience to provide both written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and to present to others with varying levels of expertise to achieve ‘buy-in’ to the right approaches.  

 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
 Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.   
As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on  Twitter ,  Facebook ,  Instagram  and  LinkedIn  or watch a  video .   Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.   Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 

For jobs in San Francisco, please click  "here"  for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.   For jobs in Los Angeles, please click  "here"  for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Charlotte, NC 28245 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2676_121532-en_US-e
