DATA SCIENTIST One of The Select Groups' most innovative clients in Charlotte, NC is looking for a Senior Data Scientist that has in depth experience in Python or R, and SQL to join their team. This Data Scientist will help their team with more of the strategic side of Data Science. If you are looking to grow within Data Science and expand your knowledge then apply today! Must be able to work on a W2 basis without sponsorship to be considered. DATA SCIENTIST REQUIREMENTS:Extensive experience and knowledge utilizing SQL Strong experience with Python or R Experience with a visualization tool- preferably Power BI Ability to think strategically Experience working with alongside key stakeholders PLUS SKILLS:Knowledge of Machine Learning algorithms; specifically Time series analysis and Forecasting models DATA SCIENTIST RESPONSIBILITIES: Data Scientist will join the Supply Chain Analytics group and will focus on creating a material accuracy tool that will inform the enterprise of how to predict specific material needed. They will focus on work planning accuracy timing and will also assist in an initiative around data dictionary documentation. This role will focus on creating SQL scripts, statistical modeling, as well as utilizing power BI. This group is looking for a strategic thinker that will be able to challenge the status quo and provide value to a large organization. oin the Supply Chain Analytics group and will focus on creating a material accuracy tool that will inform the enterprise of how to predict specific material needed. They will focus on work planning accuracy timing and will also assist in an initiative around data dictionary documentation. This role will focus on creating SQL scripts, statistical modeling, as well as utilizing power BI. This group is looking for a strategic thinker that will be able to challenge the status quo and provide value to a large organization. About The Select Group:We are TSG - a fast-growing technical services firm serving the U.S. and Canada. We open doors to diversified prospective employers who respect and value your ambitions, your pursuit of a meaningful career, and your particular skill-set. We offer interview guidance, an impressive referral program, and partner with you to find work that drives you. Learn more about us in our company overview video, or visit us at http://www.selectgroup.com. Sign up to receive weekly job alerts in your inbox by joining the TSG Talent Network.We have the privilege of impacting lives, so let us impact yours.The Select Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
