Responsibilities/Qualification Position Summary: Seeking a Big Data Scientist/Engineer to support the application of emerging technologies (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Deep Learning) to advance the state of the art of GeoINT engineering, analysis, and production in support of the Army's DCGS-A program. Job Duties: in support of distinct product hardware or technical service lines of business.Organizational expert in the field responsible for leading the analysis, design, development, testing, debugging and implementation of complex and advanced software application programs Defines specifications for complex software programming applications and/or oversees the maintenance of existing programs to ensure continued performance and compliance with current guidelines and standards. Plans, conducts, technically directs and evaluates projects or major phase of significant projects, coordinating the efforts of engineers and technical support staff in the performance of assigned projects. Develops architecture requirements and performance standards to meet customer specifications. Conducts investigations and tests of considerable complexity. Recommends corrections in technical applications and analysis. Identifies and directs the resolution of complex hardware/software interface issues or other technical problems. Researches and develops prospective applications and products and maintains current knowledge of leading edge technologies. Authors or assists in the writing and/or presentation of briefings (reports on analyses, findings, and project progress), project or task plans, system specification manuals, technical reports and user manuals. Provides technical consultation to other organizations. Evaluates vendor capabilities to provide required products or services. Acts as consultant in the preparation of technical proposals. Provides guidance/leadership to less experienced Software Design Engineers. Performs additional duties and responsibilities as assigned. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Ability to communicate highly complex software concepts effectively. Expert knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development. Experience with software development tools and programming languages. Education and Experience Masters degree in related discipline plus 10 to 12 years of progressively complex software design engineering experience. Professional certification(s) may be required. Secret clearance required. In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 20 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by market survey data. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Ability to communicate highly complex software concepts effectively. Expert knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development. Experience with software development tools and programming languages. Experience with the Map-R data convergence platform, is a plus A security clearance of an appropriate level may be required after employment. *MSJA *CJ #CB #LI-CW1 Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information U.S. Citizenship Required.
