Job profile summary:

BP’s new Upstream Digital organization has been set up as a digital leader to transform the Upstream business with world-class digital solutions. We are recruiting key talent to the Digital extended leadership team to help us build the capability needed to collaborate, build, deploy and sustain value effectively in our unique Agile culture.Part of the Digital Center of Expertise, BP Upstream’s Chief Data Scientist (CDS) is accountable for envisioning the direction and executing the core data science elements in the digital portfolio in order to build and deliver highly scalable advanced analytics solutions for complex problems that add transformational value to the business. The CDS provides technical leadership and is responsible for building and growing world-class expert capability in the data science chapter – including Data Science, Machine Learning, Data Visualization and Artificial Intelligence – so that Big Data and data science projects are executed as planned. Leads and shapes an extensive community of data science practitioners across Upstream. Leads innovation in data science for Upstream, including tool selection and ideating new business opportunities.

Job Advert:

BP’s new Upstream Digital organization has been set up as a digital leader to transform the Upstream business with world-class digital solutions. Part of the Digital Center of Expertise, BP Upstream’s Chief Data Scientist (CDS) is accountable for envisioning the direction and executing the core data science elements in the digital portfolio in order to build and deliver highly scalable advanced analytics solutions for complex problems that add transformational value to the business.

Job Profile :

Understands the overall technology portfolio. Define specific Upstream-wide needs and direction for digital technologies and advanced analytics. Pioneers new use cases for advanced analytics.

Steers, and is responsible for the design, development, delivery and maintenance of Upstream’s large-scale machine learning solutions involving Big Data management.

Orchestrates an enterprise-wide community of practice.

Gains support for data science vision and direction from senior function, region, digital and other technical leadership.

Serves in steering committees to assist in prioritizing project portfolio. Ensures data science chapter has the capability to deliver.

Provides direction, manages performance, coaches and mentors the data scientist team.

Leads Data Science Innovation – using the best tools for the purpose.

Translates complex functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture, design, and high performing software.

Provides innovative insights, stays at the leading edge of emergent trends and technologies and champions application as appropriate within Upstream.

Responsibilities :

Depending on specialism, plans, directs and co-ordinates activities to lead the prioritizing and monitoring of the IT investment portfolio in alignment with strategy, developing and communicating IT policies, standards and guidelines for investment planning.

Builds long-term, strategic networks.

Maintains a deep understanding of internal and external developments to recognize and address any potential impacts on the IT investment portfolio.

Education:

Undergraduate degree in relevant field required. Master’s or PhD Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Statistics or a related quantitative discipline preferred.

Essential Experience:

Recognized technology thought leader with business understanding, and deep expertise in design, development, delivery and maintenance of large-scale world-class machine learning solutions involving Big Data management and advanced analytics in a fast paced, collaborative environment.

Several years of experience, preferably in oil and gas with overall responsibility for data science technology and digital solutions development.

Several years of hands-on data science experience in all the algorithms, methodology, data ingestion, data storing, data processing logic and visualization technologies used in data science projects.

Proven ability to communicate and collaborate with all levels of leadership.

Demonstrated experience in leading a team

Successful management of a data innovation portfolio for a significant part of a business.

Understanding of high-performance algorithms, Python and R statistical software

Experience in industry data science (e.g., machine learning, predictive maintenance) preferred

Capability to architect highly scalable distributed systems, using different open source tools

Demonstrated experience with object-oriented design, coding and testing patterns as well as experience in engineering software platforms and largescale data

Demonstrated experience with agile or other rapid development methods.

About BP:

We are a global energy business involved in every aspect of the energy system. We have 75,000 employees in 80 countries, working towards delivering light, heat and mobility to millions of people, every day. We are one of the very few companies equipped to solve some of the big complex challenges that matter for the future. We have a real contribution to make to the world's ambition of a low carbon future. Join us, and be part of what we can accomplish together.

BP is one of the world's leading international oil and gas companies. Through our work we provide customers with fuel for transportation, energy for heat and light, lubricants to keep engines moving, and the petrochemicals products used to make everyday items as diverse as paints, clothes and packaging. Our objective is to create value for shareholders and supplies of energy for the world in a safe and responsible way. We strive to be a safety leader in our industry, a world-class operator, a responsible corporate citizen and a good employer.

Our Upstream segment is responsible for our activities in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, and midstream transportation, storage and processing.

At the same time, we’re investing in the talents of the 20,000 people who work to make these activities a reality.

Legal disclaimer

If you are selected for a position in the United States, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post-offer/pre-placement drug test (and alcohol screening/medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process. The drug screen requires a hair test for which BP must be able to obtain a sufficient hair sample for analysis (~4 cm/1 ½” scalp, or > 2 cm/¾” body – arms & armpits/legs/chest)

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, BP is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us or have one of your representatives contact us at BPUSApplicationAssis@bp.com or by telephone at 281.366.1999.

Read the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the poster supplement - for more information about Equal Employment Opportunities. (Spanish version)

BP is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. View our policy statement.
