Where good people build rewarding careers.  
Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. 
  Job Description 
 Data Discovery and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. We are 300+ people solving some of today’s most complex analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver exceptional insurance solutions to our customers. We are passionate about learning new ways to get the most value from our massive data resources.  We are partnering to incorporate analytics into every aspect of the enterprise. Developing ourselves and others is key to our success.     
Computer Vision and Deep Learning   Are you passionate about the possibility of applying your Deep Learning and Computer Vision skills to extract meaning from Allstate's massive unstructured data?  As a Sr. Data Scientist in this area you will be responsible for researching, developing, and improving algorithms that help computers learn from images and videos. Our goal is to reduce the time and expense of performing traditionally manual tasks, increasing efficiency and reducing costs. By extracting meaning from large data sets containing many millions of photos and videos, you will help Allstate to develop computer-vision capabilities to improve the speed and ease with which we underwrite a policy, estimate a claim, or service a customer.     
Key Responsibilities 

• Conducts cutting-edge research in Computer Vision.
• Leverages research and applies state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to inform recommendations and decisions.
• Works across the enterprise to identify and incubate business use cases.
• Advises data scientists and business partners on applying computer vision in their work.
• Regularly educates and trains data scientists and business partners on the state-of-the-art.     Job Qualifications 
  Strong experience developing computer vision algorithms/models with state of the art deep learning frameworks  A graduate degree in a field such as math, computer science, statistics, engineering or machine learning, or equivalent experience.  Experience with general machine learning tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. in R, Python, Matlab).  Experience with deep learning tools. (e.g. TensorFlow, Caffe)  Demonstrated skills in coding. Software development experience a plus.  Knowledge of the theory and practice of computer vision and deep-learning techniques.  Published research in the field, a strong plus.  Ability to develop new concepts and stay current with academic research.  Ability to summarize research and analysis for audiences with varying levels of expertise.  Demonstrated analytic agility.     The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.



 Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.   

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. 

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on  Twitter ,  Facebook ,  Instagram  and  LinkedIn  or watch a  video . 
  Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.   Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 

For jobs in San Francisco, please click  "here"  for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.   For jobs in Los Angeles, please click  "here"  for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Chicago, IL 60290 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2676_122953-en_US
