job summary:

 Position Summary  

As a Data Scientist with Quotient, you will build scalable end-to-end data products - architecting data pipelines, employing Machine Learning algorithms, and deploying solutions to solve critical business problems. In this role, you will build AI-powered services to impact business decision-making and product development. Our products serve a three-sided marketplace, so you will work on projects that span consumer shoppers, retail partners, and CPG companies. 

You will be a key member of the Product team, and contribute directly to researching, training and implementing machine learning models. You will utilize Quotient's extensive first, second, and third-party data to unlock the potential in our large and unique data. 
 
location: Mountain View, California
job type: Contract
salary: $75 - 85  per hour
work hours: 8am to 5pm
education: Masters
 
responsibilities:

 Position Responsibilities:  

•Collaborate with analysts to identify opportunities where machine learning can have an impact across Quotient's B2B and B2C businesses.
•Research, prototype, and productionize statistical models using state-of-the-art techniques.
•Work closely with product managers, engineers, and designers on machine learning applications for our retailer, CPG and consumer customer base.
•Design and deploy pipelines to power data-driven decision making at Quotient.
  
qualifications:

 Position Qualifications:  

•MS/PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related areas from a top school
•Solid and proven background in machine learning, data mining, statistical analysis, and modeling
•Exceptional collaborative, communication and presentation skills with the ability to work well across the organization driving overall shareholder value
•Strong initiative, high energy, hands-on and impeccable integrity
  
skills: 
•Expertise in SQL and relational data
•Fluency in Scala, Python (scikit-learn, numpy and pandas) or R
•Experience in designing, executing and measuring A/B tests for optimization models
 
Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status. 

Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 
We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  
      

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Mountain View, CA 94043 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Hardware; Computer Software; Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         698490
