Date: Jul 12, 2019

Ericsson Overview:

Ericsson is world’s leading provider of communications technology and services. Our offerings include services, consulting, software and infrastructure within Information and Communications Technology.

Using innovation to empower people, business and society, Ericsson is working towards the Networked Society: a world connected in real time that will open up opportunities to create freedom, transform society and drive solutions to some of our planet’s greatest challenges.

We are truly a global company, operating across borders in over 180 countries, offering a diverse, performance-driven culture and an innovative and engaging environment. As an Ericsson employee, you will have freedom to think big and the support to turn ideas into achievements. Continuous learning and growth opportunities allow you to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to progress and reach your career goals. We invite you to join our team.

It will be practically impossible for human brains to understand how to run and optimize a 5G network, Machine Learning (ML) and other Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies- will be vital for us to handle that complexity. We are setting up a Global AI Accelerator in the US, Sweden and India, with 300 experts, to fast-track our strategy execution

Our Exciting Opportunity:

Machine Intelligence, the combination of Machine Learning and other Artificial Intelligence technologies is what Ericsson uses to drive thought leadership to automate and transform Ericsson offerings and operations. MI is also a key competence for to enable new and emerging business. This includes development of models, frameworks and infrastructure where we in our advancements push the technology frontiers. We engage in both academic and industry collaborations and drive the digitalization of Ericsson and the Industry by developing state of the art solutions that simplify and automate processes in our products and services and build new value through data insights.

Ericsson is now looking for Data Scientists to significantly expand its global team for AI acceleration in San Francisco Bay Area.

Do you have in depth understanding of Machine Learning and AI technologies?

Do you want to join Ericsson’s global team of Data Scientists pushing the technology frontiers to automate, simplify and add new value through data?

Role Summary:

As a Data Scientist you will need to have strong programming skills and deep understanding of data science and Machine Learning tools. Your knowledge and experience in Data Science methodologies will be applied to solve challenging real-world problems as part of a highly dynamic and global team. You will work in a highly collaborative environment where you communicate and plan tasks and ideas. You will be working on high impact initiatives with other DS in Machine Intelligence to drive growth and economic profitability for Ericsson and its customers by accelerating current Ericsson offerings. Your contribution will also help to create new offerings in the areas of MI driven 4G and 5G network, distributed cloud, IoT and other emerging businesses.

Your Roles and Responsibilities

Lead functional and technical analysis within Ericsson businesses and for strategic customers to understand MI-driven business needs and opportunities

Contribute to rapid and iterative development of validated minimum viable solution addressing these needs. This includes working with petabytes of 4G/5G-networks, IoT and exogenous data, and proposing/selecting/testing predictive models, recommendation engines, anomaly detection systems, statistical model, deep learning, reinforcement learning and other machine learning systems

Lead studies and creative usage of new and/or existing data sources. Work with Data Architects to leverage existing data models and build new ones as needed.

Collaborate with product development teams and partners in Ericsson Businesses to industrialize machine learning models and solutions as part of Ericsson offerings including providing source code, workflows and documents

Work with new technologies and be the ambassador for them in MI Communities within Ericsson, nurturing the communities and mentoring junior data scientists.

Provide MI Competence build-up in Ericsson Businesses and Customer Serving Units

Develop new and apply/extend existing, concepts, methodologies, techniques for cross functional initiatives

Engage with external ecosystem (academia, technology leaders, open source etc.) to develop the skills and technology portfolio for MI’s needs

Present and be prominent in MI related forums and conferences, e.g., presenting papers, organizing sessions and be a panelist

To be successful; one should have:

MS, or PhD in Electrical Engineer, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Physics, or related field

Applied experience: 2+ years of Machine Learning experience in data science.

Proven experience writing production-grade software

Extensive experience in model development and life-cycle-management in one or more industry/application domain

Strong Programming skills in various languages (C++, Scala, Java, R) with proficiency in Python and/or C++

Proven skills in Machine Learning, e.g., linear/logistics regression discriminant analysis, bagging, random forest, Bayesian model, SVM, neural networks, etc.

Strong skills in the use of current state of the art machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, H2O, Keras, TensorFlow and Spark, etc.

Demonstrated ability to implement new algorithms and methodologies from leading open source initiatives and research papers addressing their functionalities, scalability and overall industrialization viability

Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra etc

Strong knowledge in Statistics, e.g., descriptive analysis and supervised and unsupervised analysis

You should also have:

Certifying MI MOOCS, a plus

Applications/Domain-knowledge in Telecommunication and/or IoT, a plus.

Ability to build and nurture internal and external communities

Experience with data visualization and dashboard creation is a plus

Ability to work independently with high energy, enthusiasm and persistence

Good communication skills in written and spoken English

Experience in partnering and collaborative co-creation, i.e., working with complex multiple stakeholder business units, global customers, technology and other ecosystem partners in a multi-culture, global matrix organization with sensitivity and persistence

Experience in writing and presenting white papers, journal articles and technical blogs on the results

DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development.

Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information.

Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information.

Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf.

Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance.

Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Santa Clara || ProdMgt
