Summary

Posted: Jul 9, 2019

Weekly Hours: 40

Role Number: 200059132

The Apple Analytic Insight team is looking for an extraordinary data scientist who is passionate about designing, developing, and fielding data mining solutions that have direct and measurable impact to Apple. You will work with various business leaders and executives to help identify viable data mining opportunities and then implement end to end analytical solutions. You have a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms and the creativity to invent and customize when necessary.
Deep expertise in data analysis and evaluation as well as hands-on experience with big data sets is required to analyze and mine our extensive database for worldwide points-of-interest, rich content and related information.

Key Qualifications

Apply best practice data analysis techniques and data science methods to derive in-depths

insights into points-of-interest data and related information including text, images, events and

log data.

Oversee and lead the POI on-boarding process, define and review evaluation criteria to stay on

top of data quality and lead communication with major vendors and internal teams.

Design and implement data product prototypes for existing or new data types to demonstrate

the value of a particular approach.

Propose new data products / features and collaborate with other teams on the overall product

and it’s implementation.

KEY QUALIFICATIONS:

5+ years of experience working on data analytical projects and / or data science.

Solid background in applied statistics as well as good working knowledge of machine learning

and data mining techniques including hands-on experience with corresponding software

libraries and frameworks.

Experience with geo spatial data is a plus.

Hands-on experience with real world, big data is required.

Experience in Hive, Spark or other big data frameworks and programming skills in Python are

expected.

Ability to analyze a problem and develop a full solution from concept to prototype.

Team player with a long term vision and will to take lead in supporting the overall team goal is

a requirement.

Passion for quality and attention to details.

Ability to effectively lead your own time with an eye on timely delivery of the final solution.

Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills and the ability to present own

results to other teams in an engaging way.

Description

On the Maps Data Metrics team, we are a dynamic collection of statisticians, mathematicians, geographers, engineers, and physicists. We are growing the team and seek a driven, curious, and passionate machine learning scientist to jump on board. This is a highly visible role in the company, that requires creating actionable insights from large quantities of data. You will apply your expertise in quantitative analysis and presentation of data to craft and present compelling stories that drive engineering focus to advance the Maps product. Your dedication to quality and customers is paramount. The successful scientist will partner with various teams, such as product engineering, human judgement/rating, analytics infrastructure, and tools teams, to propose, design, implement, and use processes, pipelines, and dashboards that improve data quality.
At Apple phenomenal ideas come to life through its product and services. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Education & Experience

- A degree in Computer Science or similar degree with relevant coursework in Data Analysis,
 Statistics or Data Science is expected.
- Specific geospatial qualifications are preferred but not required.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
