Hello, My name is George Rogers and I am a Recruiter with Kelly Services, Inc., a Fortune 500 workforce solutions company. We are currently seeking to fill a Data Scientist position in Waterloo, IA. I have attached the details of the opportunity below: Duration: 12 months Pay: $28.57/HOUR Responsibilities: As a Data Scientist for the Aftertreatment team, you will lead the business analytics efforts in relation to Aftertreatment warranty. This includes development of solutions to process, extract, store, handle and analyze large amounts of data, discover and solve real world problems and build metrics that define business cases to help engineering teams make decisions on current Aftertreatment product improvement and design selections for future programs. You will be required to be data-driven, uncompromisingly detail oriented, smart, efficient, and driven to help our business succeed. You will need to have passion for technology. Be keen to leverage existing skills while trying new approaches. This position requires someone who is not tool-centric; you determine what technology works best for the problem at hand and apply it accordingly. You should be able explain complex concepts to your non-technical customers in simple terms. You should be a motivated self-starter who can work independently in a fast paced, ambiguous environment. Responsibilities include: Utilize statistical and analytical methods to collect, organize, interpret, and summarize data into usable information for Aftertreatment projects, and present statistical data, using charts, and graphs, in meetings. Develop solutions for identifying patterns or trends in data to troubleshoot Aftertreatment related problems, using Telematics Data and Warranty Data Connect, flow, store, transform, analyze, and visualize data from engines and machines Integrate with engineering subject matter experts on our team to develop automated solutions Design, build and launch new data extraction, transformation and loading processes in production Write queries and output efficiently, and have in-depth knowledge of the data available in area of expertise. Pull the data needed with standard query syntax; periodically identify more advanced methods of query optimization. Convert data to make it analysis-ready. Use data mining, model building, and other analytical techniques to develop solutions Develop queries and visualizations for ad-hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation, and model implementation Basic Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Analytics, or a related discipline. Experience in data science, or related field with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets Experience with writing scripts in SQL (Standard Query Language) Experience in one or more programming languages used for processing of large data sets, such as Python, Scala, Java. Experience using big data technologies from the Hadoop ecosystem Strong critical thinking and attention to detail Advanced skills in Excel as well as any data visualization tools like Qlikview, Tableau or similar BI tools. Verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including experience to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams. Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations Experience applying Statistical and Machine Learning methods to specific business problems and data Experience with data warehouses AWS solutions such as EC2, Dynamo DB, S3 preferred, but not required **Important information: This position is recruited for by a remote Kelly office, not your local Kelly branch. Please submit your resume to be considered for this position by pressing the “SUBMIT RESUME” button below. If you have questions about the position, you may contact the recruiter recruiting for this position (1-352-585-2109, George.Rogers@kellyservices.com), however, your resume should be uploaded via the “SUBMIT RESUME” button included within** Why Kelly®?At Kelly Services®, we work with the best. Our clients include 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and more than 70,000 hiring managers rely on Kelly annually to access the best talent to drive their business forward. If you only make one career connection today, connect with Kelly. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
