Primary Purpose: Responsible for data preparation, data mining, model development, report building and results presentation in support of Claims Operations. Works closely with senior leaders to identify opportunities, set objectives, and formulate analytics strategies that result in measurable impact to the National General Insurance business. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time. Conduct exploratory data analysis across multiple internal and external data sourcesEvaluate business performance on an ongoing basis and dynamically monitor critical operational measuresWork cross functionally with stakeholders to gather requirements, translate requirements into organized workflows and deliver timely, insightful, and actionable analysisAssist Claims Leadership in targeted management of functional areas utilizing existing and new measures of business outcomesDevelop predictive models to support and improve operational decision making throughout the claims lifecycleCollaborate with other departments to identify informational gaps and implement solutions to close gapsAssist others in production of reports, analytics solutions and data quality assurance according to Analytic Department standardsMaintain expert knowledge of claims operations and the property and casualty industry Minimum Skills and Competencies: The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Bachelor's Degree1+ years of experience developing in SQL1+ years of experience developing quantitative approaches on diverse, large-scale data sources.Experience with data summarization, description, prediction, classification, clustering, outlier detection, time series analysis, numerical analysis, optimization, automation, machine learning, and artificial intelligenceExcellent interpersonal skills with the ability to establish working relationships with individuals at varying levels across the organization Desired Skills: Advanced degree in a quantitative disciplineExperience with R, Python and/ or SASExperience working with text analysis and unstructured data3+ years of experience in writing advanced SQL in multiple syntaxesExperience utilizing business intelligence and reporting tools on current technology platforms including cloud based environmentsExperience working in the Property and Casualty Insurance IndustryExperience with programming languages and/ or analytics software packages #LI-MG1 About National General Holdings: National General Holdings Corp. is headquartered in New York City. National General traces its roots to 1939, has a financial strength rating of A- (excellent) from A.M. Best, and provides personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, supplemental health, and other niche insurance products. We are a specialty personal lines insurance holding company. Through our subsidiaries, we provide a variety of insurance products, including personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, supplemental health, lender-placed and other niche insurance products. National General is a fast paced, dynamic, and entrepreneurial organization. Our team members live by and exemplify what we call the 4Es. At National General, we are Energized, Engaged, Empowered, and we Execute every day in order to provide an exceptional experience for our customers! We are passionate about our organization and the value that we add every day. A successful candidate with National General will embody the 4Es. Our team is poised to outperform the competition. We are National General Insurance and with us you can be extraordinary! Come join our team! Companies and Partners Direct General Auto & Life, Personal Express Insurance, Century-National Insurance, ABC Insurance Agencies, NatGen Preferred, NatGen Premier, Seattle Specialty, National General Lender Services, ARS, RAC Insurance Partners, Mountain Valley Indemnity, New Jersey Skylands, Adirondack Insurance Exchange, VelaPoint, Quotit, HealthCompare, AHCP, NHIC, Healthcare Solutions Team, North Star Marketing, Euro Accident. In addition to a phenomenal career opportunity, National General Insurance offers an excellent benefits package including: * Paid Training * Medical, Dental, Vision benefits * Wellness Programs * Life and Short/Long Term Disability Insurance * 401k w/ Company Match * Company Paid Holidays & Generous Time-off policy * Employee Discount Program * Career Advancement and Development Opportunities * On-site Healthcare Clinic (Winston-Salem and Cleveland offices) * On-site Fitness Center (Cleveland and Dallas offices) * Subsidized parking (Cleveland office) National General Holdings Corp. is an Equal Opportunity (EO) employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of any characteristic protected by law. Candidates must possess authorization to work in the United States, as it is not our practice to sponsor individuals for work visas. In the event you need assistance or accommodation in completing your online application, please contact NGIC main office by phone at (336) 435-2000. -
