Notes from the manager: This is a post-doc position, we are hoping to find a candidate with Epidemiology and/or Biostatistics and/or Outcomes Research background and experience, especially with research experience in study design, protocol writing, and data analysis using large electronic health records databases. Having peer-reviewed publications in these areas would be a plus. The candidate will conduct studies using electronic databases for projects related to submissions to regulatory agencies in the US and internationally. The candidate will develop oral presentations, abstracts, and posters for presentation at international conferences as part of a team. You will occasionally travel to present your work. The candidate will also prepare and submit manuscripts to scientific journals, as agreed by the team, and respond to reviewers’ comments. In addition, the role requires generating needed technical reports or real-world evidence for regulatory submissions. Innovation in the methodologies used for real-world evidence and understanding the Guidance documents published by the FDA and other regulatory bodies is required. Close collaboration with cross-functional teams involving R&D leaders, data scientists, healthcare researchers and healthcare providers is a key requirement of this position. Education and/or Experience • A minimum of a PhD in epidemiology, biostatistics, health services research, health policy and management, health economics or other related field is required. An alternative is a medical degree with a Master’s degree in epidemiology, biostatistics, health services research, health policy and management, or health economics • Knowledge of and experience with large electronic healthcare databases, especially EHRs, is required • The candidate must have a sophisticated understanding and the ability to analyze and interpret quantitative data using statistical software such as SAS, R, etc. • Experience with writing methods sections of study proposals/ protocols/ or background epidemiologic material on specific disease or therapeutic areas is a must • The incumbent must have strong written and verbal communication skill • Experience with surgical research and medical devices is a plus • Experience with predictive modeling and machine learning is a plus • The position will require under 10% of time in travel • Skill in team work preferred Job Requirements Notes from the manager: This is a post-doc position, we are hoping to find a candidate with Epidemiology and/or Biostatistics and/or Outcomes Research background and experience, especially with research experience in study design, protocol writing, and data analysis using large electronic health records databases. Having peer-reviewed publications in these areas would be a plus. The candidate will conduct studies using electronic databases for projects related to submissions to regulatory agencies in the US and internationally. The candidate will develop oral presentations, abstracts, and posters for presentation at international conferences as part of a team. You will occasionally travel to present your work. The candidate will also prepare and submit manuscripts to scientific journals, as agreed by the team, and respond to reviewers’ comments. In addition, the role requires generating needed technical reports or real-world evidence for regulatory submissions. Innovation in the methodologies used for real-world evidence and understanding the Guidance documents published by the FDA and other regulatory bodies is required. Close collaboration with cross-functional teams involving R&D leaders, data scientists, healthcare researchers and healthcare providers is a key requirement of this position. Education and/or Experience • A minimum of a PhD in epidemiology, biostatistics, health services research, health policy and management, health economics or other related field is required. An alternative is a medical degree with a Master’s degree in epidemiology, biostatistics, health services research, health policy and management, or health economics • Knowledge of and experience with large electronic healthcare databases, especially EHRs, is required • The candidate must have a sophisticated understanding and the ability to analyze and interpret quantitative data using statistical software such as SAS, R, etc. • Experience with writing methods sections of study proposals/ protocols/ or background epidemiologic material on specific disease or therapeutic areas is a must • The incumbent must have strong written and verbal communication skill • Experience with surgical research and medical devices is a plus • Experience with predictive modeling and machine learning is a plus • The position will require under 10% of time in travel • Skill in team work preferred
