: We are seeking for someone with a software engineer background. You will be taking in data derived from extreme driving conditions and alerts on driving habits of professional drivers on their routes. You will also be writing the code for the product and helping build out their machine learning pipeline. Along with long starting tools and climate driven alerts.Responsibilities: Technical position who can develop the vehicle sensor algorithm and other driver safety sensor tools, which use Numpy to translate the intuitions of scientists into robust algorithms that use GIS and other user data to make optimized plans and recommendations for users.Will help build the machine learning pipeline for the company. Takes in neural networks/geo-spatial imagery data/ other machine learning endpoints that can make recommendations to the customer.Required skills/ Experiences: Ideally are Looking for someone with a software engineer background who turned into a data scientist.Ability to code production ready python code: This is a big one for them. The person must be comfortable writing code that is the product.Django, OpenCV/TensorFlow, NumpyGIS (Geographic Information System)Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Signal processing2-3 Yr. Minimum in Machine Learning/Data ScienceJob Type: Full TimeTo be considered for this role, please send me a LI message or call me at 480-530-2024 or email me at c.akins@jeffersonfrank.com. To be considered for these roles, you must hold either a Green Card or US Citizenship.Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS roles than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS market we have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have a complete understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS jobs are.Jefferson Frank is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
