Our client is actively seeking a Data Scientist to use analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets to develop data-driven solutions for current and emerging products. The candidate should be prepared to quickly learn an existing product, understand the produced data, and to continually enhance and support the product over its lifetime. Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including: statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies. The successful candidate will be required to work very closely with software and systems engineers in a small-team environment.Responsibilities of this position include the analysis and interpretation of data sets, implementation of data visualizations, implementation of data models, and the integration of models and visualizations into software components and GUI. Additionally, the development of light-weight design documentation is required.QualificationsAt least 0-2 years of data analytics, application design, implementation, and unit testing experience on Linux/Unix platforms, including GUI developmentBSEE/BSCS, but MSEE/MSCS preferredKnowledge of Python and Python based data science / DSP oriented libraries (e.g. Pandas, numpy, scipy, numba and cupy) is preferred.Knowledge of C++, Linux/Unix system APIs, compilers, GNU make, and other build tools is preferable.A strong mathematical background is preferred.Previous experience producing products rapidly in a small team environment is highly desired.It is preferred that the candidate should have some practical experience with the following technologies: high-performance data streaming, software defined radio, embedded computer architectures and GPU programming techniques (CUDA). Data science related course work/certificates preferred*Candidates must be eligible to obtain a secret clearance*About Aerotek: We know that a company's success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. Learn more at Aerotek.com.The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888-237-6835 or email accommodation@aerotek .com for other accommodation options. However, if you have questions about this position, please contact the Recruiter located at the bottom of the job posting. The Recruiter is the sole point of contact for questions about this position.
