Genesis10 is currently seeking a Data Scientist with our client in the financial industry in their Pennington, NJ or Charlotte, NC location. This is a 12 month + contract position.Description:Seeking a Data Scientist Responsibilities: The selected candidate will be responsible for the end-to-end architecture of data science and natural language processing (NLP) solution, including its assembly and integration into client's IT architecture He/she will be responsible for the management and mitigation of technical risks, ensuring that the solution services can be realistically delivered by the underlying technology components The ideal candidate should be experienced in architecting highly scalable end-to-end data science platformsRequirements: 5+ years of professional work experience as data scientist on advanced analytics/NLP projects Conversant in Python, R and related open sources tools Experience working with big data and eco system (e.g. Hadoop, Hive, Spark, HBase, Sqoop, Impala, Kafka, Flume, Oozie, MapReduce, S3 etc.) Experience with machine learning frameworks (like Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn, SpaCy, NLTK, CoreNLP, Gensim) Knowledge of or experience working with database systems (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, Cassandra, Neo4j, etc.) Expert knowledge and experience in software development methodologies and industry practices Expert understanding and experience with building and deploying enterprise applications Ability to work in a matrix environment with minimal supervision Excellent written, verbal and diagramming skills. Expertise in using PowerPoint and clearly articulating findings / presenting solutions The role requires leadership role in carrying out discussion across different teams including business and technology. Serves as a fully seasoned/proficient technical resource; routine accountability is for technical knowledge and capabilities, broader industry experience Niche Skillset Able to work as a W2 employee of Genesis10 (no Corp-to-Corp)If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, please apply!About Genesis10:Genesis10 is a leading U.S. business and technology consulting firm with hundreds of clients needing proven talent and solutions to power their strategic initiatives. If you are a high performing business or IT professional with solid, referenced experience, we want to meet you. Genesis10 recruiters and delivery professionals are highly accomplished career advocates, who get to know you beyond your resume to position you with the opportunities that fit your skills, experience and aspirations. We have benefit options to fit your needs and a support staff that works with you from placement throughout your engagement – project after project. To learn more about Genesis10 and to view all our available career opportunities, please visit us at www.genesis10.com. "Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V”
