PopHealthCare is currently seeking a Full-time Senior Data Scientist. This position is based in our corporate office located in Franklin, TN. At PopHealthCare, our mission is simple - to lead the effort in reimagining how healthcare is delivered. We are bold innovators, dedicated to making a difference and we hire wicked smart people! We need sharp and nimble people to join our growing team! Job Summary: As a Data Scientist, you will be part of a team responsible for creating solutions. You will meet frequently with business owners and clients to discuss needs and effectively communicate technical solutions at a business and technical levels. This team will provide analytical services and solutions to the organization's decision-making process, corporate performance management, and clients. You will be responsible for developing and implementing solutions using machine learning tools, statistical data analytics and provide input on the design and development of data warehouses, data marts, and operational data stores. You will work in design, maintenance, and completion of highly visible projects creating efficient solutions with the goal of ultimately improve patient access to the care they need. You will design, run and maintain a library mining models, tools, workflows and reports to support operational departments regarding medical costs, utilization, provider performance and patient outcomes. Essential Job Functions: Senior Data Scientist with expertise in machine learning, statistical data analytics, open source and proprietary tools and applications. Must have an excellent knowledge of advanced methods, and experience in applying those methods to a variety of applications related to health care Establish and implement end to end proof of concept for data analyses across functional areas Create innovative methodologies for data Build proof of concept systems Establish strategic partnerships with technical leadership across functional areas Presenting to senior leadership as well external audience Demonstrates the ability to create new and different solutions that align to real work problems and opportunities Develop, maintain and support Business Intelligence (BI) activities Identify and facilitate implementation of improvement opportunities Facilitate requirements gathering from non-technical business personnel and suggest efficient reporting solutions based on requirements Document business requirements in the form of specifications (business and technical specifications) Work independently and provide appropriate recommendations for optimal analysis and development Perform other job-related duties as assigned PopHealthCare is an equal opportunity/equal access employer fully committed to achieving a diverse workforce. Local applicants only please apply, no telecommuting offered for this role. Job Requirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Statistics, Healthcare Administration or other related field 3-5 years hands on experience in machine learning Command of principles of machine learning, statistical analysis, data mining algorithms, and mathematical segmentation and modeling Demonstrated ability to use knowledge of current techniques, and develop new methodologies 1+ years of experience in the healthcare industry Proven ability and experience in design and development of solutions for increasing yield Proven analytical skills and experience in handling large volume of data Experience in dealing with imperfections in data Experience in implementing Data Visualization solutions Working knowledge in statistical programming languages, ‘R’ or Python
