OverviewWho we are\u2026.Ciox Health, a health technology company, is dedicated to improving U.S. health outcomes by transforming clinical data into actionable insights. With an unmatched network offering ubiquitous access, Ciox Health can release, acquire, enhance and deliver medical record and discrete clinical data from anywhere across the United States.What we offer\u2026.At Ciox Health we offer all employees a place to grow and expand their current skills so that they can not only help build Ciox Health into the greatest health technology company but create a career that you can be proud of. We offer you complete training and long-term career goals. Our environment is what most of our employees are the proudest of and our IT Group is comprised of some of the brightest and talented individuals. Give us just a few moments to explain why we need you and hope you will help us change how the health Industry manages its' medical records.Be a part of transforming the exchange of clinical data using the most advanced technology available. Ciox Health is on a mission to simplify the exchange of medical information. By partnering with the healthcare providers who hold health data and those who are requesting it\u2014Ciox is uniquely positioned to access, facilitate and improve the management and exchange of protected health information. Data Scientists are pioneers in leveraging data with Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning (ML) algorithms to drive better clinical actions and outcomes. By partnering with business leaders at Ciox Health, this role will validate varying hypothesis to support business strategy into reality and make a very visible impact to consumers of data and improve the bottom line performance of Ciox Health. This Data Scientist Role requires minimum of 6 years of Data Scientist experience outside of Education. Responsibilities Data exploration and discover new uses for existing data sources Partner with management and business units on innovative ways to successfully utilize data and related AI/ML/NLP tools to advance business objectives and develop efficiencies Provide oversight to application engineering team so that they can interpret and monitor usage of ML models and continuously measure & tune its accuracy Work with product / business team to identify possible avenues to apply AI/ML Develop hypothesis and evaluate the performance of various NLP and AI/ML algorithms to address the business opportunity Perform analyses using statistical packages / languages such as Python or Spark Provide guidance to application engineering team so that they can built, deploy and support AI/ML models in production Develop subject matter expertise on source systems data and metadata Gain and master a comprehensive understanding of operations, processes, and business objectives and utilize that knowledge for data analysis and business insightQualifications Master's degree or higher in a quantitative or relevant field (Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science) 6 or more years of work experience in practicing ML and data science in business, with more than 10 years of overall IT experience Experience setting up a Data Scientist Group/Process Experience in leading large-scale data science projects and delivering from end to end Strong proficiency in Python & scripting in general. Strong experience in data management and analysis with relational and NoSQL database Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities. Experience with NLP technology Experience with Python (sklearn et al), Spark, Scala, or Java Strong foundational quantitative knowledge and skills Strong experience in SQL and database management
