Overview

Radical Convergence is a fast-paced start up looking to disrupt, transform, and innovate on behalf of our clients. We are inventors, technologists, artisans, problem solvers, and collaborators seeking to redefine the content management experience and changing how content is delivered to clients. We have an amazing team and we want to add a few talented revolutionaries who want to make a difference solving big problems and contributing to impactful and meaningful work. Create your story and start making an indelible impact today.

Job Description

We are seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to work collaboratively with highly talented team members to conduct applied research in generative adversarial networks (GANs) and related methods to generate content. The ideal candidate has experience applying state of the art machine learning and computer vision algorithms and deep learning frameworks with experience in GANs and related deep learning methods. Candidates must be able to conduct research, implement new models, conduct experiments and package models working with our engineering team. Candidates must have strong programming skills in Python, flexibility working across various deep learning platforms (e.g., TensorFlow and PyTorch), and previous experience coding GANs to prototype algorithms and models working with a team of engineers to productize offerings.

This position is located in our Reston, Virginia headquarters.

Qualifications
2+ years experience coding GANs to produce desired results.
3+ years experience in selecting or developing algorithms for performing a variety of machine learning and computer vision tasks with demonstrable experience
3+ years experience in applying and adapting the latest research in machine learning and computer vision to support business objectives including prototype development and product integration.
3+ years experience performing model training / algorithm development optimizing for speed, size or accuracy and developing / refining new and existing training sets as required.
5+ years experience designing, developing, enhancing, debugging and implementing software and algorithms using programming languages such as Java, C++, Python, R, or JavaScript.
Proficiency in Machine Learning processes such as feature extraction, statistical approaches, linear and non-linear classifiers, and deep learning including one or more approaches such as CNNs, SVM, and Bayesian Networks.
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, or Torch
Proficiency in in Image Processing, Image Analysis, and/or Computer Vision
Ability to work independently, in a SCRUM-like environment with strong desire to push your ideas into production, overcoming obstacles, in order to deliver impact.
Preferred Qualifications
Master's or Ph.D. degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Math, Statistics or related fields with specialization in machine learning and/or computer vision.
Computer vision experience in 3D computer vision tasks
Deep understanding of recent ANN/GAN concepts such as Spectral Normalization, Lipschitz Continuity, the Wasserstein Metric, Attention Mechanisms, Instance Normalization, and/or Perceptual Losses.
Experience with distributed training of deep neural networks across many GPUs/TPUs.
Experience with a diverse set of generative modeling techniques.
Benefits and Perks

Radical Convergence is as obsessed about our employees as our customers. We want to provide great benefits and perks so you can focus on making an impact. We recognize that industry is moving away from better benefits so we have decided to do our part to start reversing the trend. Join us in our quest to disrupt, transform and innovate.

Benefits
Competitive Pay
Competitive Paid Time Off (PTO) / Holiday (25 - 30 days)
100% Company paid medical/dental/vision/life/disability plans
Health Reimbursable Account (HRA) for those pesky copays
Flexible Savings Accounts (FSA)
Training Budget
401(k) Matching
Perks
Be Gumby Flexible work schedule and location
Late Night Munchies We are fully stocked
