If you are an experienced Data Scientist looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some over the nation’s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Data Scientist. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you! Data Scientist Job Responsibilities Your specific duties as a Data Scientist will include: Utilize statistical and analytical methods to collect, organize, interpret, and summarize data into usable information for Aftertreatment projects, and present statistical data, using charts, and graphs, in meetings. Develop solutions for identifying patterns or trends in data to troubleshoot Aftertreatment related problems, using Telematics Data and Warranty Data Connect, flow, store, transform, analyze, and visualize data from engines and machines Integrate with engineering subject matter experts on our team to develop automated solutions Design, build and launch new data extraction, transformation and loading processes in production Write queries and output efficiently, and have in-depth knowledge of the data available in area of expertise. Pull the data needed with standard query syntax; periodically identify more advanced methods of query optimization. Convert data to make it analysis-ready. Use data mining, model building, and other analytical techniques to develop solutions Develop queries and visualizations for ad-hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation, and model implementation Data Scientist Job Requirements As a Data Scientist you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. Bachelors degree in Math, Statistics, Analytics, or a related discipline. 3+ years of industry experience in data science, or related field with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets At least 4 Years of experience with writing scripts in SQL (Standard Query Language) Experience in one or more programming languages used for processing of large data sets, such as Python, Scala, Java. Experience using big data technologies from the Hadoop ecosystem Strong critical thinking and attention to detail Advanced skills in Excel as well as any data visualization tools like Qlikview, Tableau or similar BI tools. Verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including experience to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams. Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations Experience applying Statistical and Machine Learning methods to specific business problems and data An ideal candidate will also have: Masters degree in Math, Statistics, Analytics, or a related discipline. At least 1 year of professional experience with statistical analysis methods At least 2 years of experience with Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau or Qlikview At least 1 year of experience with data warehouses AWS solutions such as EC2, Dynamo DB, S3 Data Scientist Benefits As a Data Scientist with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 41 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits. Available benefits for Data Scientist Position may include (but are not limited to): Exceptional medical, dental, and vision 401(k) Make the most of your experience! Apply now! Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. Keywords:
