Role Summary\: Baker Hughes, a GE company is currently hiring a Senior Staff Data Scientist based in Houston, Texas. The Senior Staff Data Scientist will be part of the core Data Sciences team at BHGE Oil Field Services and develop analytics to meet objectives of the business. In this role, you will lead the development and deployment of modern machine learning and statistical methods for finding process insights to problems in Formation Evaluation, Well Design & Engineering all the way through Production and Plug & Abandonment. Essential Responsibilities\: As a Sr. Data Scientist, you will be part of a cross-disciplinary modeling & data science team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include domain experts, statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in BHGE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across Oil & Gas infrastructure and industrial sectors, and operations optimization. Key responsibilities\: Data exploration and model building targeting given CTQs (field issue investigations, developing tracking filters, inspections, root cause analysis, etc.) Understand correlation between various process parameters and provide insights into data. Execute design, analysis and development of assigned projects adhering to business standards, practices, procedures and product / program requirements. Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services. Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics. Communicate results, findings and observations in clear and concise documents (presentations, reports, technical articles) to peers and program leader in formal/ informal reviews Document technical data generated by the assigned project consistent with engineering policies and procedures Effective multitasking and delivery on time with quality Participate on teams assigned to address organizational initiatives Qualifications/Requirements\: Master's degree in Statistics/Computer Science/Mechanical or Chemical or Electrical Engineering from a reputed institution and an excellent academic record 6 years of analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial/industrial setting Hands-on experience with projects involving Exploratory Data analysis, Model building, Model assessment, Pattern Recognition, machine learning Hands-on experience in information retrieval, architecture involving handling large volumes of data. Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R, Python) Desired Characteristics\: Masters or Ph.D. in STEM field preferred Experience with end-to-end modeling projects, from research to solutions to analytic products Strong hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data Exposure of edge & cloud computing technologies Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills and ability to influence others and lead small teams Locations\: Houston, TX Baker Hughes, a GE company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more
