Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. Agile experience preferred.

Experience with machine learning

Experience with standard data science tool-sets

A strong computational mathematics background

A strong understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases

Python and/or Javascript experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

A TS/SCI security clearance with the ability to obtain a Polygraph is required at time of hire. Candidate must be able to obtain the Polygraph within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.

Responsibilities for this Position

A Relocation package may be available for this position.

General Dynamics Mission Systems has an immediate opening for a Data Scientist. A Data Scientist will help us expand our insider threat capabilities to include more predictive analytics and data science capabilities. The successful candidate will help define the shape of this endeavor while working directly with our Insider Threat Program and Counterintelligence team members. The data scientist will identify data sources, perform exploratory data analysis, develop data models and improve the visualization of data sets to provide new user behavior insight.

This position provides an opportunity to further advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation’s core defense/intelligence services and systems. General Dynamics Mission Systems employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions. Our award winning Insider Threat Detection team also offers stability with 6 years remaining on our current contract.

REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS:

The Data Scientist will be part of a team within the customer space in support of the Insider Threat Program. The candidate will have hybrid experience in software development and data science. The Data Scientist's role would be to insert data science expertise into our team leveraging machine learning and advanced analytics to solve complex problems.

Participates in the research, design and development systems software, software applications and/or tools for new programs and subprograms

Identify and make enhancements, modifications, and corrections to existing software and/or data model

Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms

Collaborate with Insider Threat analytic personnel to understand their mission needs, and identify forward thinking data science approaches for operationalization

Participates as a Subject Matter Expert in internal review of software components and systems utilizing machine learning

Participates in collaboration activities with senior management and leadership within the customer space

Assist in the design, development, testing, and validation of multiple modeling design concepts to include but not limited to statistical, mathematical, and simulation models

Apply agile software development methodologies such as Scrum in the performance of tasks

KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Capable of working on complex problems of diverse scope or situations or data that requires in-depth evaluation of variable factors

Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Detailed and very strong knowledge of technology trends and champions new ideas and product and process improvements

Very strong ability to excel at the development of new theories and methods

Very strong awareness of business objectives and Engineering's role in achieving

Very strong ability to be creative, innovative and responsible, and able to master advanced decision-making skills

Very strong ability to grasp and apply new information quickly

Shows initiative on assignments, and professionally executes projects as a technical SME with little or no direction

Very strong ability to be a team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success, meeting and exceeding personal and team commitments

Very strong written and verbal communications skills

Very strong ability to recognize and clearly report relevant information

Company Overview

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!
