Johnson & Johnson – one of the 2 AAA rated companies, and the Top 5 companies by market cap - is transforming around Technology & Analytics to enable J&J to innovate faster and to compete more effectively, making science and technology equal partners in building the future of Johnson & Johnson.

The Data Engineering Analyst, Commercial, is part of the transformation within J&J Enterprise Data Analytics team. The position is responsible for data lifecycle management – ingestion, contextualization, feature engineering and operationalization and partner with data scientists to build and deliver digital solutions. The individual would be responsible contextualizing different volumes and variety of data including image, audio, unstructured and structured data to make it ‘consumption ready’ for analytics and insights.

This individual will be responsible for managing the data lifecycle to support analytical “solutions” to provide competitive advantage to J&J in the healthcare space – and will be a part of a dynamic and growing team. This role will also be responsible for bringing a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms and creativity to invent and customize when necessary and learning and deploying leading technologies in the analytics space specific to the business needs to drive results and identify opportunities.

This individual will drive business impact by solving unique problems thru keen and creative mathematical analysis, continuous improvement methodologies and change management in a cross functional organization.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in relevant field with 3-5 years of work experience in relevant field OR Master’s in relevant field with 1-3 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field.

Experience, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Strong demonstrated understanding of machine learning methods and applied statistical packages as applied to data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g. R, Python) is required

Strong demonstrated understanding of data lifecycle required around data ingestion (ingest data from disparate systems into cloud computing environment), data contextualization (merging large data sets, developing algorithms to merge and clean data); data insights and analytics is required

Demonstrated familiarity with large datasets and understanding of data analysis workflows is required.

Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce, HIVE, HADOOP) is strongly preferred

Demonstrated experience in setting up and managing data in cloud computing environment (AWS or MS Azure) highly preferred.

Proven communication and influence skills are required.

Familiarity with large datasets, and understanding of data analysis workflows is required.

Prior experience in one or more of relevant commercial areas (market research, pricing, contracting, market mix, commercial effectiveness) strongly preferred

Strong understanding of Statistics as applied to data analysis and experience with statistical packages is preferred.

Strong business acumen to understand functional domains within sales and marketing, and understand how decisions impact the different parts of our commercial organization.

Proven ability to understand massive disparate data sets and transform the information into clear insights for the business,

Strong communication and influence skills to effectively translate complex analytical models into clear, succinct recommendations to stakeholders.

Strong focus on B2C customer analytics, including customer satisfaction, opportunity analysis, customer journey to drive individualized customer engagement and outstanding outcomes

Primary Location

United States-New Jersey-Somerville-US Route 22 West

Organization

Johnson & Johnson (6067)

Job Function

R&D Engineering (R&D)

Requisition ID

8465190703
