Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

Battelle is currently seeking a Data Scientist. This position is located in Columbus, Ohio. This position is contingent on award of contract and candidates are expected to start within 30 days of contract award.

JOB SUMMARY

The selected candidate will serve as a member of a team of highly qualified and motivated individuals supporting a timely and mission-critical effort related to areas of interest focused on space, engineering, and similar technologies. The candidate will directly support a team of linguists, scientists, intelligence analysts, and other subject matter experts performing analysis of advanced science and technology topics in support of the Space Security and Defense Program (SSDP). The position will be responsible for developing and maintaining open source data and analysis tools, which will aid in parsing large data sets, advanced searching and collection, natural language processing (NLP), etc. This will include direct collaboration with team members to maximize collection and interpretation efforts for a wide variety of data. The candidate will also be responsible for data visualization, appropriate algorithms, digital databases, and similar tasks in support of the project. S/he will provide direct input to finished products in the form of visualizations, datasets, and recommendations for further collection and analysis, among other duties.

The SSDP is a Joint Department of Defense (DoD) and Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) organization established to function as the center of excellence for options and strategies leading to a more resilient and enduring National Security Space (NSS) Enterprise. The SSDP scope spans multiple space missions and stakeholders. It is focused on being responsive to NSS stakeholders in providing technical and operational assessments of emergent threat concepts and developing near- and far-term plans to address strategies, threats, and vulnerabilities. SSDP projects/activities center on identifying solutions to current space protection needs with a commonsense approach to balancing near-term results with long-term acquisition, architecture, and strategic objectives.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES

Works with a multi-disciplinary team to leverage data science and NLP tools to collect, organize, and analyze diverse science and technology information from multiple sources.

Designs, develops, and implements data science solutions.

Uses data visualization techniques to provide insights on large data sets and input to finished reports.

Builds and maintains databases in support of analyst and subject matter expert use.

Uses NLP tools to support language translation and science and technology assessments.

Must be able to work independently with some oversight and function effectively as part of a team in a joint working environment.

THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED

Active TS/SCI.

Bachelor’s Degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or similar technical field.

At least 5-10 years of experience as a data scientist, statistician, applied mathematician, or equivalent to fulfill the job requirements.

Proficiency with a high-level programming language, i.e. Python, R, Perl.

Experience working in U.S. national security, e.g. intelligence community, military, joint operations, or related government contracting.

THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED

Master’s degree or PhD in the above areas.

Experience with shell scripting (bash, ksh, or equivalent).

More than 10 years of experience as a data scientist, statistician, applied mathematician, or equivalent to fulfill the job requirements.

Experience using NLP tools to collect, assemble, interpret, translate, and analyze open source data, such as scientific publications, social media, and databases, and synthesizing knowledge into actionable intelligence.

Experience using NLP tools to support assessments and technical reporting on technologies and scientific topics, i.e. technology readiness levels (TRL) and critical technology elements (CTE).

Experience supporting U.S. Space Programs and DoD COCOMs.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelle is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
