Smartronix Inc., a Premier Amazon Web Services Consulting Partner, Microsoft Gold partner and Google Cloud Platform Premier Partner in addition to being an information technology and engineering solutions provider specializing in Cloud Computing, Cyber Security, Health IT, Network Operations, and Mission-Focused Engineering.

Smartronix is seeking a forward thinking, talented Senior Data Scientist to support a large task order. As a key member of our core team, you will have an exciting and challenging opportunity to work with emerging technology and a large collection of data sources, and engage in a leadership role with a large team of highly skilled professionals including other data scientists. The ideal candidate will be a key advisor and leader for one of our elite Intel customers to find new ways to discover, understand, and visualize information. This position entails coordinating with a team of systems engineers and developers, and leading a team of data scientists and analysts to build high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications. As a Senior Data Scientist, the candidate will be expected to be able to support application development, be able to develop analytic algorithms and products in Python/Django or alternative language while providing expertise to other team members that they directly or indirectly lead. Some form of experience in the full software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing and deployment is strongly desired. The candidate must be able to collaborate directly with customers to ensure products meet and exceed operational requirements. The successful candidate will be a self-starter that demonstrates excellent communication and problem solving skills. #CJPOST

Responsibilities Include:

Lead research and analysis of data and development of analytic approaches, processes, and in some cases finished intelligence products.

Responsible for quality control of data ingest streams and processes to check for anomalies in support of QA/QC activities; coordinate with data and systems engineers to remediate issues.

Validate accuracy of big data systems both upstream (ETL) and downstream (consumption) using sampling and vetting techniques.

Participate as a leader in collection of data requirements and analytic needs with collection teams and developers.

Lead and mentor others in scripting in support of analysis and QA/QC, performing coding/scripting as required to support the customer.

Disseminate intelligence data analysis products dealing with subject profiles, networks, facilities, and resources.

Responsible for development and optimization mechanisms, tools, and processes for dissemination of analytical findings.

Required Skills

Ability to create high quality finished intelligence products requiring minimal revisions or modifications.

Ability to work in very large data repositories and cross-correlate data across multiple data sources.

Ability to identify new emerging data sources that provides value to the overall mission requirements.

This opportunity requires a TS/SCI clearance.

Required Experience

Masters degree required. Preference is in Analysis, Computer Science, or related field.

Must have a minimum of 10 years experience in addition to Masters degree. Degrees in Intelligence, Data, or Statistical fields preferred.

Must have demonstrated skills across a number of analytical, mathematical, or statistical approaches related to data science.

Familiarity with relational and big data enterprise-scale data stores is required.

Experience in intelligence analysis and using intelligence analysis tools strongly preferred.
