Who we're looking for:

You are formally trained in signal processing and machine learning techniques.

You have in-depth expertise working with neurophysiological and behavioral data.

You have contemporary knowledge of the best-performing strategies for extracting information from neural signals based on your regular reading of scientific journals, and can improve upon the state of the art based on your own ideas.

You can take ownership of the organization and analysis of experimental data.

Basic qualifications:

Masters in Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science or related field; Doctorate preferred.

5+ years experience in biosignal processing.

2+ years experience in applied neuroscience.

Highly proficient in at least one programming language commonly used in exploratory data analysis for neuroscience, such as Python, R, Julia, Scala, Go, etc.

Bonus points for:

Experience working with real-time brain-computer interfaces.

Formal training or education in neuroscience.

Designing and executing neurophysiological research studies.

Experience with developing and maintaining professional and organized code.

Experience working in interdisciplinary and multi-institutional teams.

Experience working on research projects with focused goals and tight deadlines, such as in a private institution or as a contractor on a sponsored project.

-

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need.

MindX does not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Additionally, MindX participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
