This role will be essential to increasing analytical maturity from descriptive analysis to predictive as well as prescriptive analysis. The successful candidate will be involved in shaping the most important decisions for a Strategic Business Area (SBA) through the practical application of data science methods. In addition, this role will be essential to ensuring the organization achieves the benefits associated with enterprise data science initiatives.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Own and manage the data strategy for a Strategic Business Area while staying plugged in to enterprise data initiatives.

Sit in key business meetings and listen for ideas where the team might benefit from using of data and advanced statistics to think differently.

Facilitate cross functional conversations and pull in the right analytical partners at the right time.

Answer complex questions in an agile fashion.

Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions.

Educate decision-makers to use our data assets more effectively through new tools and techniques.

Look cross functionally at the needs of the organization and think of ways the data can be made consistent for deeper, more connected analysis and modeling.

Manage 1-2 direct reports or interns.

SELECTION CRITERIA

Education

Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Business Analytics or Statistics

Experience

2+ years of practical data science experience in Marketing, Finance, Sales, or R&D

Experience with:

R, Spark, Python, Scala, Hadoop

Machine learning, Modeling, Forecasting

D3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, HTML, CSS

Spotfire, Tableau, PowerBI, Domo

The Consumer Packaged Goods industry

Other

Strong desire to see the impact of your work every day

Strong business acumen, potentially through minor P&L responsibility or small business management

High personal standards of integrity

Bias for action, results-oriented

Demonstrated ability to exceed customers’ expectations

Strong relationship building skills

Demonstrated ability to think laterally and conceptually

Demonstrated ability to coach and develop new data scientists

Concise and persuasive communicator

Creative

Empathetic

Subtle but firm

Possess a high level of emotional intelligence

Passion for the analytics and data science space, often tackling "hobby projects" outside of work

Passionate about learning and creating a learning culture

Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, diligently prioritizing, and delivering results in a dynamic environment

Ability to dream big, get things done, and have fun doing it

ind123

#LI-123
