Come join our Data Science team

As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for working cross-functionally with Hudson MX account teams, product, and engineering to help ensure accurate parsing, processing, and storing of data that is critical to the success of the software used by our clients. You will also work with the same teams on ad hoc projects related to data analysis, algorithm development, and general data-focused testing. The results of this work will fuel software development, internal learnings, and client-facing data deliverables like BI tools and marketing materials. These results will also provide key learnings for clients to drive decision-making actions within our system.

Job Overview

We are looking for a data expert to join our family, take significant ownership from day one, work hard, and experience rapid professional growth. We need inquiring minds who understand business objectives and can break questions down into the necessary data and analysis to make it easier for anyone to understand the right answer.

What will you do?

Our next Data Scientist will be working with tons of data related to the ways users interact with our application, as well as how the entire buying and selling ecosystem is behaving with the tools we build. This individual will be querying data for ongoing investigations as well as one-off business questions, analyzing it, feeding it into reporting tools or short-term analysis, and helping everyone to better understand the business at large.

Key Responsibilities

Work with Product, Sales, Account Management, and Engineering to understand key business needs and deliver thoughtful insights

Work with Product and Account Management to developing ongoing reporting tools for both internal and external stakeholders

Conduct statistical analyses to push the boundaries of what has previously been possible in this part of the adbuying landscape - help us learn from historical data to predict and shape the future

Draw high-level summaries from various metrics and analyses that can be used internally or provided to clients - go from the micro to the macro with ease

Requirements

SQL - 2016 ISO Standard - Postgresql knowledge a bonus

Linux - Experience using Bash and Command Line utilities

Experience using Python or R or Apache spark

Familiarity with various BI reporting tools preferred

Sound Interesting? You might be a great fit if some of the following are true:

You’ve graduated from a top-tier college/university with a clear record of achievement in an analytical discipline.

You have experience working in a fast-paced, yet highly detail-oriented job.

You’re comfortable with small group presentations and on-the-spot problem solving (this position will require some client interaction).

You are fluent in data manipulation.

You see yourself as a work in progress and take the initiative, on your own time, to learn skills in areas that interest you.

Prior media experience is not a requirement. We’ll help you learn the lingo and customer needs under the guidance and leadership of a deeply experienced and highly-regarded team of media, business and technology experts.

Hudson MX Benefits

Competitive salary

Company-paid healthcare coverage for individuals & their families.

Company-paid commuting benefits.

Flexible paid time off and work-from-home policies.

Challenging work designed to leverage, and rapidly expand, your skill set.

Learn directly from the best - flat structure and collaborative culture.

We value diversity and the richness it brings to our work and employees.

Interested? Email recruiting@hudsonmx.com with any questions. We look forward to hearing from you!
