The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data create new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve public health operations. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help government partners make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in public health operations.

Empower change with us.

You Have:

10+ years of experience with database design and management systems, data management, and organization schemas

10+ years of experience the application of technology in one or more of the following areas: medical informatics, public health Informatics, statistics, bio-statistics, mathematics, public health surveillance, or prevention or intervention campaigns

10+ years of experience with a wide variety of IT areas, as applied to public health, including information retrieval technology, decision science, web technology, data mining, expert systems, networking, public health science, and education

Experience with emerging technology including cloud, data lakes, data modeling, CDS/CDM modeling, Business Intelligence, MS Power BI, and interactive visualizations

Knowledge of the application of the HIPAA regulations to the use of information technology in public health

Knowledge of Agile or DevOps methodologies and implementation and Big Data implementations over diverse data sets

Ability to integrate a variety of heterogeneous public health information systems and databases for sharing and disseminating public health information to related clients

Ability to understand the interaction of information security technology and the requirements for privacy and confidentiality of public health data

Ability to obtain a security clearance

HS diploma or GED

Nice If You Have:

Experience with supporting senior-level government officials

Ability to function independently with limited oversight

Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including explaining and presenting complex scientific concepts both orally and in writing

MBA or MA or MS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, CS, Computational Biology, or a related field

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
