Role Summary: Want to make a difference in the healthcare domain? We are looking for a highly motivated

individual, passionate about deep learning and AI to join the GE Healthcare Data Science team.

As the Sr. Data Scientist, you will focus on developing impactful and innovative deep learning

based products for the Healthcare industry partnering with world-leading clinicians.

Essential Responsibilities: As the Sr. Data Scientist, you will focus on developing impactful and innovative deep learning

based products for the Healthcare industry partnering with world-leading clinicians.

Essential Responsibilities:You will be expected to:

Drive the design and development of deep learning technologies for Health Care applications

such as segmentation, anomaly detection, image processing, natural language understanding,

time series analysis, etc.

Provide guidance to data collection teams on test protocols including design of experiments,

sample size, and statistical distributions.

Design and implement neural networks to provide automation of clinical tasks using one or more

of medical images, electronic medical records, waveforms, and clinical reports.

Gather and analyze data, devise innovative data science solutions and build prototypes to enable

development of high-performance algorithms in scalable, product-ready code.

Initiate and propose unique and promising deep learning capabilities, develop new and innovative

algorithms and technologies, pursuing patents where appropriate

Stay current on published state-of-the-art algorithms and competing technologies.

Contribute to the development of software and data delivery platforms that are serviceoriented

with reusable components across teams (multiple teams) that can be orchestrated together into

different methods for different businesses.

Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications:

Master’s Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) or

equivalent field plus 1 year analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial

setting OR Ph.D. in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) or

equivalent field

2623 Camino Ramon

San Ramon CA

94583

Eligibility Requirements:

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. GE may agree to sponsor an individual for an

employment visa now or in the future if there is a shortage of individuals with particular skills.

Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Ramon, CA

Desired Characteristics: Technical Expertise:

Strong hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data

including SQL and NoSQL databases Demonstrated ability to develop containerized solutions

(e.g. docker)

Bio-medical domain knowledge is a plus (not required)

Demonstrated expertise in building deep learning models such as CNN, RNN, LSTM and GANs.

Strong implementation experience with a variety of high-level languages and frameworks such as

Python, TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, CNTK, etc.

GE Leadership Program Graduates will get credit towards relevant work experience,

commensurate to the program they have completed

Demonstrated expertise in building deep learning models such as CNN, RNN, LSTM and GANs.

Strong implementation experience with a variety of high-level languages and frameworks such as

Python, TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, CNTK, etc.

About Us: GE (NYSE: GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications: GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). Additional Locations: United States;California;San Ramon;
