:Ready to work with cutting edge technology filled with a great work environment where you will feel relaxed and excited to challenge yourself? Well it's a good thing you specialize in Azure Big Data! Our client has an exciting role opening up for someone with Azure Big data experience. This role gives allows you to work on cloud-based structures, data pipelines. In addition, this role will give you the opportunity to build the infrastructure and develop your own methods of experience.The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience and knowledge in data warehousing, Machine Learning, and Hadoop.Responsibilities:Develop dashboards and advanced analytics solutions using programming toolsSupport exploratory data/statistical/predictive analytics and machine learning modelsEnsure systems meet industry best practices and business, security, privacy, and retention requirementsDesign innovative approaches to interact with data for analysisSelect and integrate any data science, Big Data tools, and framework required to provide requested capabilitiesSkills and Qualifications:Experience in Microsoft Azure PlatformBig Data implementation experienceSQL ServerTime Management and self-starterFor all inquiries in regards to this position, feel free to call (718) 412-1213, this is a direct line to my desk!Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Microsoft Azure recruitment. We've established an exceptional reputation for delivering the top professionals to our clients. By focusing solely on the niche IT field, our consultants are genuine experts, meaning they not only fully understand the market, but have built solid relationships with the widest range of vendors, customers and specialists looking to progress their career. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Nigel Frank, we find great people great jobs in Azure Big Data. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the utmost importance. For more information on available Azure Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market contact me or see www.nigelfrank.com for more information. Job Requirements Azure, Big Data, Scientist
