This incredibly rewarding role is for a person who wants to make a difference around the world, by helping others to build analytical solutions (and building solutions yourself).

We are looking for a talented individual who will help us build a tools and infrastructure team in a Global data analytics skill group at Ford Motor Company. This role involves a unique blend of communications, people and technical skills. The ideal candidate will help improve our systems by measuring and proactively addressing system usage and performance in our Alteryx, QlikView, DataRobot, SQL, NAS and Anaconda Enterprise environments.

We need someone to lead and help us automate our processes. He or she will also help with L2/L3 support, governance and deployment of thousands of analytic solutions, and teach data science topics and tools as well. The most important part of the role is the ability to work with diverse people, as you will engage with business non-technical customers, highly technical data scientists, and process-driven IT professionals.

The ideal candidate will possess the following:

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree

2+ years of work experience in Alteryx and QlikView environments

2+ years of experience in working with IT in infrastructure and deployments

2+ years of experience in deploying, supporting and troubleshooting solutions in Alteryx and QliView server environments and managing 130+ passwords/ids

Preferred Qualifications

Off the charts customer engagement skills

Willingness to learn, listen and help problem solve

Excellent understanding of Alteryx and QlikView (and their server environments)

Understanding and ability to create Alteryx connection aliases and manage 30+ existing aliases

Ability to engage quickly with different types of people with different skill levels

Willingness to coach – meaning let them learn how to solve their problems, not solving them yourself.

Join our team as we create tomorrow! We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because we’re Built Ford Tough. We’re one team striving to make people’s lives better while creating value, delivering excellence and ultimately going for the win.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
