The Marlin Alliance Inc. is seeking a Data Scientist to work with large data sets to find opportunities for optimization using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Knowledge and experience in data mining/analysis methods, data tools, building and implementing models, creating algorithms and running simulations is desired. Anticipated travel is minimal (<5%). Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidate must have a Secret clearance.

Duties and Responsibilities

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive performance improvement.

Mine and analyze data to drive optimization of business strategies and mission performance.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences and other business outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and monitor outcomes.

Perform other duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications (Education, Experience, Skills)

Required

Active DoD Secret security clearance.

Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to translate complex results into a format that is easy to comprehend by key stakeholders.

Strong interpersonal and team-building skills.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.)

Knowledge of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.)

Familiarity with data visualization tools such as Tableau.

Application of advanced statistical techniques and concepts.

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, data analytics, engineering, etc.).

Preferred

Familiarity with Navy or other Department of Defense agencies.

Work Environment and Mental/Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions.

Typical office environment with no unusual hazards.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Constant sitting while using the computer terminal.

Constant use of sight abilities while reviewing documents.

Constant use of speech/hearing abilities for communication.

Occasional reaching, stooping, kneeling, or crouching may be required.

Occasional lifting up to 20 pounds.

Constant use of mental alertness.

Frequent work under deadlines.

Established in 2002, The Marlin Alliance, Inc. – a woman-owned small business – provides business transformation consulting, professional services, and technical support to government, military, healthcare, telecommunications, and utility industry clients. www.themarlinalliance.com

Disclaimer:

This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities.

To perform this job successfully, the incumbents will possess the skills aptitudes and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills or abilities.

This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an "at will" relationship.

Budget
