Basic Qualifications:

Advanced degree in Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, or related field

Six or more years of applying statistical algorithms and models to solving applied problems in industry

Foundational skills in conducting experimental research studies and data analysis

Proficiency in at least one statistical program (R, SAS, SPSS, etc.)

Outstanding written and verbal communication skills

Experience with guiding R&D strategy for your organization

Global Talent Management (GTM) is centrally responsible for creating and evolving Amazon’s talent programs and processes. We regularly use data to pitch ideas and drive conversations with Amazon’s executives about how to improve existing talent programs to solve organizational problems focused on (but not limited to) talent differentiation, talent movement, employee-role matching, product integration, promotion practices, organization design and succession planning, and diversity and inclusion, or invent new ones that address the evolving needs of our diverse employee base. We are looking for a dynamic, resourceful, and organized Senior Data Scientist to develop the right data-driven solutions to drive innovation and execute new strategies that support the most critical components of this rapidly scaling operation.

You will partner closely with product and program owners, as well as scientists from other disciplines (e.g. economics and statistics) with a clear path to business impact. You develop innovative and even frighteningly bold plans and ideas to discover new ways to advance our goals. You will be expected to be a thought leader as we chart new courses with our rapidly growing employee populations, and lead the way in experimenting new ideas that have not yet been explored. Successful candidates will have a deep knowledge of computing statistical and machine learning methods for large scale prediction problems -or- a deep knowledge of computational optimization methods and mathematical modelling, the communication skills necessary to explain complex technical approaches to a variety of stakeholders and customers, and the excitement to take iterative approaches to tackle big, long term problems.

Key Responsibilities:

Uncover drivers, impacts, and key influences on talent outcomes

Develop new predictive and optimization models as well as algorithms for key applications.

Design and implement quick experimentation to test new ideas

Navigate a variety of data sources, such as enterprise data, customize surveys, focus groups, and/or external data sources

Guide the technical approach for the design and implementation of successful models and algorithms in support of teams across Amazon

Ability to distill informal customer requirements into problem definitions, dealing with ambiguity and competing objectives

Work in expert cross-functional teams delivering on demanding projects.

Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straight-forward solutions.

Share knowledge in state-of-the-art statistics and machine learning research or frontier applied mathematical modelling and computation applicable to our problem space.

Preferred Qualifications:

Proven record of innovation and strategic impact across teams

Excellent interpersonal skills and a can-do never-give-up attitude

Ability to work independently and as part of a diverse team

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer - F/M/V/D
