Working at CrowdStreet

We are a team dedicated to transforming the world of commercial real estate (CRE) through technology. Our online Marketplace gives investors unparalleled access to CRE investment opportunities. Founded in 2014, CrowdStreet believes that the markets are stronger when they are more accessible, transparent, and efficient. For everyone.

Our momentum is building; we’ve just crossed over the $500 million mark in CRE investing, which demonstrates that online investing is here to stay. We are the winner of the 2019 Rising Star Award in the annual Oregon Technology Awards and the 2018 CRETECH Crowdfunding & Capital Sourcing Award.

Our headquarters are in downtown Portland overlooking Pioneer Square, the “living room” of the city. We offer great benefits, a fantastic culture, and a dog-friendly office. We consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, gender, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status under local, state, or federal law.

About the Role

To support our rapid growth, we are hiring a Sr. Data Scientist with a proven track record of applying advanced quantitative techniques and data visualization to solve business problems, and who is an expert at synthesizing and communicating insights and actionable recommendations to audiences at varying levels of technical sophistication.

What You'll Be Doing

Partner with various departments to frame problems, both mathematically and within the business context; to measure and optimize products and business processes; to identify opportunities, assess risk potentials and explain trends; to drive audience and revenue growth

Own end-to-end experience with data, including querying, aggregation, deep analysis, visualization, and models; communicate and present findings/actionable insights to audiences at varying levels of technical sophistication

Formulate and test hypotheses; design, develop and apply statistics, modeling, optimization and machine learning techniques to create scalable solutions for predictive learning, forecasts, personalization, anomaly detection, content ranking, selection, and recommendation

Own concepts, development, maintenance, and communication of dashboards and visualizations to deliver business insights

Continuously improve the quality and accessibility of our analytical capabilities and framework as well as data reporting infrastructure

Assist in data requirements gathering and data validations to improve data platforms

Be able to switch context frequently and efficiently manage your project queue

What We Must Have

Bachelor’s degree (Master’s preferred) in a related quantitative field (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Economics).

3+ years of relevant working experience in a similar role (recommendation engines, time-series forecasting, supply-demand analysis, etc), preferably for a real estate, subscription or e-commerce property/platform

Expert experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. R, Python), and machine learning frameworks (e.g. Sci-kit Learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc.)

Proficiency in using SQL Databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL)

Experience w/ Salesforce.com & its Data Model

Expertise with statistical analysis, applying various machine learning techniques, predictive modeling and data mining to solve business problems

Experience with Data Pipelines, ETL Tools and Business Intelligence tools (e.g. Domo, Looker, Tableau)

Proven ability to think creatively, solve problems, learn quickly, work independently, handle ambiguity, and adapt to change in a fast-paced environment

Exemplary relationship builder who is consultative in nature and forms partnerships with coworkers and customers

Strong awareness of ethics and laws regarding user data.

Comfortable in a fast paced, growth oriented company

Not Required, But Nice to Have

Experience with fintech, e-commerce, investment products

Experience with marketing automation and web analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics, Amplitude, Adobe)

Experience with deployment and productization of models in AWS

How to Apply

Please submit your resume online with a cover letter stating:

1) Why you’re interested in working for CrowdStreet, and

2) A brief summary of how you meet each of our qualifications (including the “nice to haves”). The best way to do this is to copy/paste the requirements bullets and put a brief answer after each summarizing your relevant experience.
