Domino’s, which began in 1960 as a single store location in Ypsilanti, MI, has had a lot to celebrate lately: we’re a reshaped, re-energized brand of honesty, transparency and accountability, not to mention – great food! In the rise to becoming a true technology leader, the brand is consistently one of the top five companies in online transactions. Further, 50% of our sales in the U.S. are taken through digital channels. The brand continues to ‘deliver the dream’ to local business owners, 90% of which started as delivery drivers and pizza makers in our stores. That’s just the tip of the iceberg…or as we might say, one “slice” of the pie! If this sounds like a brand you’d like to be a part of, consider joining our team!

This Data Scientist Analyst role reports to the Data Science Manager of Strategy & Insights supporting Operations, Supply Chain, and People First. This individual will be responsible for further development/evolution of proprietary tools for the organization. In addition, this person will consult with internal clients and generate insights through advanced analytic techniques. The successful candidate will have strong analytic and consulting skills.

GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop a strong understanding of the business, the challenges, and demonstrate the ability to identify business opportunities that can be acted upon

Take lead role in further development/innovation of analytic tools to support the field organization

Develop concise communications and tools where necessary so that our business partners can leverage the tools to capitalize on opportunities Identify and apply the best analytic and statistical techniques to evolve our internal proprietary field marketing and operations tools

Consult with manager and internal clients on tool enhancements that will benefit the organization and lead to sales and profit growth

Develop a strong working knowledge of the many internal and external data sources to leverage

Mine and synthesize across data sources to help address opportunities leveraging SQL and other analytic techniques such as text mining

Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Predictive Modeling, Industrial Operations Engineering, or other related field.

Minimum of 4 years professional related experience

Proficient in SQL and R or Python

Experience in the following types of analytics preferred: text analytics, regression, analysis of variance, pre-post assessment, break-even analyses

Ability to travel up to 10%
