The Data Scientist is a key member of the Analytic Tools & Solutions (ATS) group in MIS. ATS is responsible for developing the quantitative models and analytical tools used in the rating process and across the rating agency, as well as certain MIS technology innovation activities, including advanced capabilities in machine learning and artificial intelligence. The Data Scientist will be part of a team of individuals responsible for applying the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Distributed Computing to drive business value particularly related to Blockchain and digital assets. A successful data scientist will not only be technically competent, but will be able to work collaboratively with business stakeholders to increase analytical efficiency, drive new business insights, and develop new products.

The duties of the Data Scientist include:

Development and Deployment of Machine Learning / Statistical Learning models for developing analytics and tools largely related to Blockchain and Digital / Crypto assets

Full cycle data management from collection and cleaning to processing

Identify potential data sets (internal and external) which could be used to enhance analytics

Stay up to date with the latest in statistical and machine learning methods

Applying sound software and architectural development practices in development and deployment of models as software products.

Using cloud and distributed computing platforms for model development and deployment

Communication of results to business stakeholders and decision makers

Qualifications

Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, specialized Machine Learning program, or related field

3+ years’ practical experience in Machine Learning or statistics and/or distributed computing

Working knowledge of Machine Learning techniques include Neural Networks, Tree-based Models, Linear models

Industry knowledge of Blockchain and Digital / Crypto assets is highly preferred

Experience with one or more of the following programming languages is highly preferred: Python, R, and SQL

LOB/Department

Analytic Tools & Solutions Group

Job Req ID

16337BR

Entity

Moody's Investors Service (MIS)

Line of Business

CSS (CSS)

Regular/Temporary

Regular

City

New York

Job Category

Engineering & Technology

Job Sub Category

Software Engineering

Experience Level

Experienced Hire

Working at Moody's

Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $4.4 billion in 2018, employs approximately 13,100 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 42 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com.

Entity

Moody’s Investors Service is among the world’s most respected and widely utilized sources for credit ratings and research. Our opinions and analysis on a broad range of credit obligors and obligations are valued around the world for their insight and rigor.

MIS Culture of Excellence

At MIS, our workplace culture supports our mission to be the Agency of Choice for our customers, employees and future employees. Our Culture focuses on Excellence and embodies behavioral qualities such as Integrity, Responsiveness, Collaboration, Respect and Passion. Our people are our core asset and we look beyond outcomes to ensure that behaviors and interactions matter.

EEO Policy

Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com.. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.

For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law.

Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law.

Securities Trading Policy (STP)

Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary.
