Description

The Lead Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Lead Data Scientist works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial. Subsequently, the Lead Data Scientist have strong prioritization skills, while being dynamic and agile. The Lead Data Scientist for this position would be applying Deep Learning to address complex business problems in an actionable manner. The Lead Data Scientist must also be able to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to management and executive level audiences while being able to build relationships with their partners. The Lead Data Scientist must be proactive and work with a sense of urgency.

Responsibilities

The Lead Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Advises executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action.

We are seeking a Lead Data Scientist able to

0) have absolute fun with the rest of us,

1) develop right analytical solutions from a diverse repertoire of analytical techniques,

2) apply solutions tool agnostic ,

3) challenge & be challenged the team and leadership.

The Lead Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Lead Data Scientist works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial. The Lead Data Scientist must also be able to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to management and executive level audiences.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree

8+ years technical experience

2+ years project leadership experience

Obtaining data from multiple, disparate data sources including structured, semi structured and unstructured data.

Experience leveraging Deep Learning (ANN, CNN, RNN, Auto-encoders, GAN, etc. ) to create healthcare and insurance related solutions

Experience with cloud-based ecosystems (GCP, AWS, Azure)

Experience working with data from wearables and Internet of Things (IoT)

Experience deploying ML and DL with wearables, apps, IoT, etc.

Experience in NLP with Audio and Video data

Successful demonstrated experience in working on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial in a collaborative fashion alongside other individuals or teams.

Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business.

Specifically, has experience with Deep Learning models, AI development, agile software launching, Tensorflow experience, and/or working with data integration developers to assess data quality and define data processing business rules for cleansing, aggregation, enhancement, supporting analysis and predictive modelling activities.

Ability to exercise independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks

Ability to works under minimal supervision, using independent judgment

Presenting complex analysis results tailored to different audiences (e.g. technical, manager, executive) in a highly consumable and actionable form including the use of data visualizations

Preferred Qualifications

Master's Degree

Experience with deploying model pipelines across various technologies, such as Kubernetes or Docker.

Interested in coaching and mentoring junior talent to grow next generation of Data Scientists

Experience with Natural Language Processing, Keras, and/ or H2O

Experience working in Agile environments (i.e. Jira)

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40
