Our Heritage

Edison Energy is a business created to meet the needs of the new energy future, while drawing on more than 130 years of energy and utility experience as part of Edison International.

We create a competitive advantage for market leaders by quantifying energy risk and designing the portfolio solution to protect shareholder value threatened by complex energy policies, technological advancements, and new products.

Our Parent Company

Edison Energy is part of Edison International (NYSE:EIX), one of the nation’s leading energy suppliers with revenues in excess of $11B and more than 12,000 employees. Through its subsidiaries, it generates and distributes electric power and provides products to meet the needs of an ever-changing energy marketplace.

Position Overview:

Edison Energy's Technology team is responsible for implementation of Edison Energy's client focused internal software systems and tools.

Technology team is responsible for discovering actionable insight. The team will create data-driven solutions and develop client-focused software systems and tools. Edison Energy’s digital assets provide business analyst with insight to be used on behalf of our clients. The cloud-based systems and software include, but not limited to: energy portfolio management, energy asset virtualization, big data analytics, and big data visualizations.

Essential Functions:

Work closely with account managers to perform analysis on behalf of a client

Leverage subject matter expertise to create new feature ideas

Collect, combine, and clean structured and unstructured data

Work closely with management, business analysts, and product managers to define features

Develop technical specifications from feature requests

Implementation of features defined by the feature team

Research, implement & apply statistical modeling techniques from paper into prototype

Develop scalable methodologies for big-data & real-time analytics

Job Requirements:

1+ years industry experience in Data Science, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics or a master’s degree in mathematics, data science, computer science, engineering, or another technical field

2+ years using Python or R

Experience with Machine Learning

Ability to efficiently analyze and visualize large quantities of data

Excellent communication skills

Education Requirements:

Bachelor’s in mathematics, data science, computer science, engineering, or other technical or business field (required)

Preferences:

Energy or Finance experience or coursework

Experience with object-oriented languages such as C#, C++, or Java

Experience with numerical optimization (linear and quadratic programming)

Distributed machine learning & data-mining experience

Experience with Microsoft Azure or other cloud infrastructure

NOTE: Edison Energy is not the same company as Southern California Edison, the utility, and Edison Energy is not regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission.
