Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

Secret

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Suitability:

No Suitability Required

Public Trust/Other Required:

None

Job Family:

Scientists

Job Description:

At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As an HPC (High Performance Computing) Computational Scientist you will be trusted to support our HPCMP PET program with locations across the USA.

We are a part of the Department of Defense (DoD) High Performance Computing Modernization Program (HPCMP) Productivity Enhancement and Training (PET) initiative. PET enhances the capability and productivity of the HPCMP community through training, collaboration, tool and software development, technology transfer, and outreach.

We currently have a position in Vicksburg, MS for a Computational Scientist.

You will join teams of computational experts representing a critical mass of expertise in key areas of support for the HPCMP. These teams provide deep technical expertise in high performance computing HPC that can be applied to a diverse range of scientific disciplines.

Duties may include the following;
Software Refactoring to Optimize Performance for Emerging Architectures
High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA): Technical support for customer projects that span the range of computational disciplines that require data analytical tools and methods.
Emerging Hardware (HW) Exploration: Supporting the evaluation of emerging hardware for potential deployment
Technical Skills should include the following:
Experience with one or more prominent simulation codes.
Expertise with multiple common scientific computing programming languages and programming models.
Experience with Linux on large scale systems.
Extensive knowledge of HPC and parallel programming techniques (e.g. MPI, OpenMP), in multiple physical science domains.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
Bachelor of Science or higher preferred
3+ years of experience with HPC science or engineering programs
Must be a US citizen and be eligible for a DoD clearance
#GDITPRIORITY

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver - bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform - shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there - on the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. We offer the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.

"

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

Telecommuting Options:

Work Location:

USA MS Vicksburg

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
