Data Scientist - (SO00048685-1-1-1)

UST Global is a private high growth organization headquartered in Orange County California and is a leading provider of Advanced Computing and Digital Services for Global 1000 companies worldwide. Our next-generation digital consultancy is the ideal place for you to grow your career. Are you up for the challenge? Read on!

Description

Position SQL Developer Data Engineer

Summary

The Data Engineer will be responsible for building and maintaining data ingestion pipeline, design and develop reports using modern Data Warehouse and Big Data solutions. S he will be responsible for setting up end to end process to consume, integrate and analyze large volumes of data on Hadoop and other data warehouse platforms.

Job Responsibilities

? Builds and maintains scalable cross platform ETL pipelines to keep the metrics flowing into data warehouse.

? Designs and develops dashboards, flat reports and data applications using large volume structured and unstructured data. ? Performs all of the necessary data transformations to populate data into a warehouse table structure that is optimized for reporting.

? Designs, integrates and documents technical components for seamless data extraction and analysis on big data platform.

? Collaborates with product, data science and data analyst teams to gather requirements and develop reports.

Qualifications

? Experience in programming language such as Java or Python .

? Experience in Cloud Data Warehouse solutions such as Snowflake Computing or AWS Redshift or Google BigQuery is preferred. ? Strong understanding of Data Warehouse modeling and distributed systems.

? Able to effectively work independently and within a collaborative team oriented environment using sound judgment in decision making.

? Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with excellent analytical and problem solving skills.

? Organized and detail oriented, able to work well under deadlines in a changing environment and perform multiple tasks effectively and concurrently.

Experience Education

? Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science Mathematics Statistics or related field.

? Minimum of 3 years of progressively responsible experience in a directly related area.

? 3 years working experience in developing SQLs in a data warehouse platform using SQL Server or Oracle or in any MPP platform.

? 2 years of experience in developing data pipelines and performing analytics using Spark or Scala in Hadoop platform.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Must be able to operate a PC and sit for extended periods of time. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Qualifications

Degree

Primary Location: US-CA-San Francisco

Employee Type: Regular Employee

Job Type: Full-time

Job Posting: Jul 16, 2019, 12:13:39 PM

 UST-Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer
