Innovate. Collaborate. Shine. Lighthouse – KPMG's Center of Excellence for Advanced Analytics – has both applied data science, AI, and big data architecture capabilities. Here, you'll work with a diverse team of sophisticated data and analytics professionals to explore the solutions for clients in a platform-diverse environment. This means your ability to find answers is limited only by your creativity in leveraging a vast array of techniques and tools. Be a part of a high-energy, diverse, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. For you, that translates into the chance to work on a wide range of projects – covering technologies and solutions from AI to optimization – and the power to have a real impact in the business world. So, bring your creativity and pioneering spirit to KPMG Lighthouse.

KPMG is currently seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join our KPMG Lighthouse - Center of Excellence for Advanced Analytics to work with our Financial Services team.

Responsibilities:

Translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches that yield actionable recommendations, in diverse domains (risk management, product development, marketing research, supply chain, and public policy)

Work in multi-disciplinary and cross-functional teams to translate business requirements into artificial intelligence goals and modeling approaches; rapidly iterate models and results to refine and validate approach

Work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with both virtual and face-to-face interactions; Utilize structured approaches to solving problems, managing risks, and documenting assumptions while communicating results and educating others through insightful visualizations, reports, and presentations

Deliver on engagement milestones by following analytics processes to mitigate risks in data, modeling, validation, and delivery; manage assumptions, and risks, and work with others to clear issues

Build ingestion processes to prepare, extract, and enrich a variety of structured and unstructured data sources such as social media, news, internal/external documents, images, video, voice, emails, financial data, and operational data; Perform exploratory data analysis, generate and test working hypotheses, and uncover interesting trends and relationships

Analyze and model structured data and implement algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machine learning, data mining, econometrics, and operations research

Qualifications:

Minimum of two years of experience working in teams of data & analytics professionals to deliver on business-driven analytics projects using natural language processing, machine learning on unstructured data, and/or information retrieval; Excellent problem-solving skills, verbal/written communication, and ability to explain technical concepts to business audience

Master’s Degree or PhD from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Engineering, or related fields

Ability to apply artificial intelligence techniques to achieve concrete business goals while working with the business to understand available resources and constraints around data (sources, integrity, and definitions), processing platforms, and security; Provide assistance and resolve problems

Solid experience performing data science from data discovery, cleaning, model selection, validation, and deployment; experience coding artificial intelligence methods using object-oriented programming in a software development process, and ability to restructure, refactor, and optimize code for efficiency

Ability to utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools as needed, to deliver insights, such as R, Python, Spark, Hadoop and emerging Cloud Capabilities on Azure, GCP and/or AWS; Experience with command-line scripting, data structures, and algorithms; Ability to work in a Linux environment

Ability to travel up to eighty percent of the time; Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future

KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.
