Join our Defense and Intelligence Solutions Division to pursue the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, developing and testing software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities will include software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participate in requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Work in teams as well as independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required. Work assignment is in San Antonio or Oklahoma City.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering (must have focus in Computer Science) with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience or coursework with software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the basic knowledge of software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration and software documentation. Exposure to embedded real-time application development as well as cyber detection will be considered. Experience with Python and/or Java desirable. Exposure to agile methodologies, software engineering practices, requirements analysis, software design are desirable. Must have excellent verbal and written communications skills; specially technical communication. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Oklahoma City, Oklahoma


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
