At American Family Insurance, we’re driven by our customers and employees. That’s why we provide more than just a job – we provide opportunity. Whether you’re already part of our team in search of a new challenge or new to our company and ready for what’s next, you’re in the right place. Every dream is a journey that starts with a single step. Start your journey right here. Join our team. Bring your dreams.

Quick Stats:

Job ID:

R12860 Senior Data Scientist - Computer Vision (Evergreen) (Open)

Summary:

Top candidates will have a PhD in Computer Science and extensive experience with Computer Vision.

Produces innovative solutions through the use of the most advanced data analytics from complex and high-dimensional datasets. Works with business partners to understand what the business needs and issues are to address. Applies advanced knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries to meet a variety of business challenges. Designs, develops, and evaluates predictive modeling frameworks, tools and advanced algorithms that lead to business solutions. Conducts the most complex and vital analytics work critical to the organization. Leads complex projects that yield actionable insights used by leadership to make strategic, data driven business decisions. Leads the communication of findings and recommendations to leadership and business partners. Leads implementation efforts. Mentors less experienced peers.

Responsibilities:

Travel Requirements

This position requires travel up to 10% of the time

Education/Licenses/Designations

Preferred: Master's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Sciences or Engineering, or related field; PhD strongly preferred

Specialized Knowledge and Skills Requirements

Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service

Ability to work as part of a team and to communicate effectively.

Mastery of a wide variety of programming languages and frameworks, demonstrating strong skills in the development, articulation and implementation of coding practices for the team.

Demonstrated experience communicating complex findings in a clear and concise manor to senior management.

Demonstrated experience developing and managing complex projects and effectively leading interdisciplinary teams to accomplish project goals.

Demonstrated experience formulating, approaching, and solving complex analytical problems using a quantitative, scientific approach. Experience with a broad range of modeling techniques such as probabilistic graphical models, natural language processing, kernel methods, recommender systems, support vector machines, deep learning, media mix modeling, linear optimization, decision tree models, survival analysis, principal component analysis, and/or simulation modeling.

Demonstrated experience working with large, complex datasets using big data technologies and script language.

Extensive knowledge and understanding of managing data to scale using data summarization, query, and analysis software and tools.

Additional Job Information:

Offer to selected candidate will be made contingent on the results of applicable background checks.

Offer to selected candidate is contingent on signing a non-disclosure agreement for proprietary information, trade secrets, and inventions.

Relocation assistance is available.

Job Description:

Primary Accountabilities

Creates innovative vision and strategy, along with business application and modeling framework for new datasets, and leads the discovery of insights and relationships from large/complex datasets through investigative research using advanced mathematical and/or statistical techniques.

Explores data using a variety of advanced statistical techniques to proactively identify relationships, create insights and answer business questions or guide future model development.

Build the hypothesis, identify research data attributes and determine best approach to address business issues.

Combines business acumen with mathematical capabilities to build complex predictive models to support business partner objectives and business needs.

Builds complex programs for running statistical tests on data and for understanding correlation of various attribute.

Incorporates findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement

Interacts with leadership to assist in the development of strategic direction for the business or business partners.

Researches and maintains awareness of industry best practices and business strategies.

Proactively brings in new and innovative ideas and approaches to develop business solutions.

Monitors industry and competitor trends to determine potential impact to predictive models.

Incorporates findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement.

Identifies, leverages and develops expertise in emerging technologies, open source tools, and harnesses new techniques.

Networks with and contributes thought leadership to the broader external analytics community. Builds awareness of leading techniques, tools, and data resources.

Leads complex research or analytics projects related to large, complex business initiatives. Applies expert knowledge of emerging trends and industry practices.

Functions in a collaborative and consultancy role. Routinely leads discussions with senior management.

Interacts and leads discussions with company senior leadership to inform on industry trends and emerging research topics. Serves as internal expert for new areas of analytics exploration.

Leads the development of new analytical and data science capabilities.

Mentors less experienced data science professionals.

Serves as internal thought leader, and provides knowledge transfer and training on new modeling tools and methodologies to less experienced staff.

Applies advanced design of experiment techniques, as needed, across various business experiments in order to provide cause and effect statistical assessments of initiatives that are driving performance.

Stay connected: Join our Talent Community!

LI:DB1
