LeadCrunch is a fast-growing startup based in San Diego and is a leader in using AI to create intelligently-targeted demand generation campaigns. At a time when sales and marketing are going through the largest shift in history, LeadCrunch is positioned to dominate the market.

We have significant traction. Here's recent press on our company:

Forbes: "Top 11 Sales Tools Every Business Owner Needs"

Entrepreneur: "10 Sales Platforms to Help You Boost Revenue in 2017"

The Next Web: "How AI Is Going To Change Lead Generation Forever"

We are a seasoned team with a strong culture: We have started or been a part of starting more than 20 companies, including 4 exits. Our investors have realized more than $20 billion in exits from 45 companies including more than a dozen IPOs.

We are seeking talented and ambitious people who have a track record of strong performance.

We value all of our team partners and go the extra mile to make sure you receive a career experience that fits your goals. You will become extremely knowledgeable in various ideal customer profiles, buyer journeys, and the tenets of a world-class client success organization as we build it. You will also learn how to work in a startup environment where you have the opportunity to learn a wider set of skills than you would be working for a more mainstream company.

This position full-time and based in San Diego, CA.

What You'll Do

We are looking for a Junior Data Scientist who will build and test new predictive models and data visualizations that allow a deeper understanding of companies, decision-makers, and other entities in the B2B ecosystem. Model development includes assembling new data assets that enable performance improvement in LeadCrunch's core machine learning models. Tasks include identifying, collecting, analyzing, cleaning and matching data from a broad set of new sources. The job may also include transforming data elements into input variables for use in analytic models.

Identify, collect, and analyze the business value of new data sources

Design and execute the end-to-end lifecycle of prototype model development

Collaborate with data science team to transform and improve AI prototypes

Interact with product and engineering team and provide technical insights

Craft and maintain reusable and scalable code (Notebooks and/or source code)

Set tangible goals and pursue them with grit and determination

Complete other tasks and duties as needed.

Your Experience

Education level

Bachelors in computer science, mathematics, physics, or equivalent quantitative experience

Experience

Have 1-5 years of experience with analysis of large, real-world datasets

Has taken lead on end-to-end modeling project, from concept to completion

Experience in the development of models to analyze and measure the success of programs/initiatives.

Technical/Functional Skills

Specific skills

Comfortable with Linux/Unix operating systems

Proficiency in one or more common scripting languages (Python strongly preferred)

Proficiency in machine learning or statistical modeling

Proficiency in NoSQL and SQL databases (e.g.-Postgres, MongoDB)

AWS experience preferred

Excel and math proficiency.

Grit and attention to detail

Ability to effectively communicate complex concepts to people with non-analytic backgrounds

Why You'll Love It Here

We are solving the most important problem in B2B marketing and sales with a highly differentiated offering that leverages data and artificial intelligence to help companies scale faster

Career mapping, planning, and educational opportunities

High-energy, fun artificial intelligence startup growing at 150% CAGR

Medical, dental, vision health coverage

Empowering culture: transparent, collaborative, collegial, learning, open-minded leadership who have started 20+ companies with $20B in exits

Central downtown San Diego office inside Symphony Towers with onsite amenities such as a gym, restaurants, and cafes.

Want to learn more?

https://www.leadcrunch.com/who-we-are/

Forbes: "Top 11 Sales Tools Every Business Owner Needs" (more than 2,100 social media shares!)

Entrepreneur: "10 Sales Platforms to Help You Boost Revenue in 2017"

The Next Web: "How AI Is Going To Change Lead Generation Forever"

Equal Opportunity Employer Female/Minority/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
