We are productivity and human behaviour specialists who understand how teams deliver their best work inside technology products. We work with software companies to get their products adopted for the long term. This work is specialised consulting work, enhanced through our products, otherwise known as customer success management or product onboarding. Our vision is to be the company who understands how the world works. We are onboarding teams into work management products now, in order to accelerate their ability to transform fully in the future.

THE ROLE:

As a rapidly growing start-up, we've made significant inroads in the SaaS Industry offering specialised consulting to our partners and clients. With knowledge gained from this testbed environment, we're building out the product side of our business.

As part of the product team, you'll make a valuable contribution to these 3 key areas:

1. Develop, test, and deploy

You will be designing, building, testing, and deploying machine learning and/or other AI models around productivity data. You should be able to analyze data and build new models based on time series productivity data. We are interested in clustering and predictive models.

2. Product Strategy

Work with the Product Manager and Development Team to determine product build strategies, milestones, and estimates.

3. Full Stack Contribution

While your focus will be on data science, you may be called upon to contribute in other areas such as back end feature implementation

A successful Data Scientist should have these key characteristics:

Technical Skills:

Proficiency in statistical models and thinking

Software development experience working in Python and ML frameworks and at least one other general programming language (Go, JS, Java, C#, etc)

3+ years of experience building ML models and Data science projects

Experience building testing environments

5+ years’ experience in customer facing product design environments with Enterprise Software deployment

Meaningful experience working in the data science field, or working with learning algorithms

Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science or a related field; degree may be substituted with 5+ years of experience managing deployment projects and teams.

Experience in solution implementation projects in large organizations

Soft Skills:

Strong attention to detail and orientation in design approach

An excellent communicator with the ability to problem-solve while building and maintaining strong working relationships with customers.

Test and build mentality

Relational people skills: empathetic, warm, giving - eagerness to help

An ability to work in a customer-focused, client facing, target-driven environment.

A high degree of flexibility, team spirit, accountability and independence.

Availability to work flexible hours to coordinate with our global team.

Wow Factors:

Experience building AI systems from ground up

Experience in working with project management software

Business analyst experience - Techno functional background

Startup environment experience and/or the ability to work remotely (virtual teams)

Change management experience

Experience with Sci-Kit Learn, Keras, or Tensorflow

OUTPUTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Strategic Assessment

Ability to identify project goals and objectives

Ability to find lean product building routes

Ability to move product forward while managing technical debt levels

Coding

Ability to create quality code, solving client and stakeholder pain points

Ability to test code at a unit and system level

Capacity to build scrappy foundational pieces but then transition into scalable code

Capacity to work with varieties of API’s

KPI MEASURES:

Leadership

Ability to solve technical barriers while keeping the end user in clear focus

Test and build mentality, finding lightweight ways to validate concepts then builds out scalable solutions

Not afraid to push back and ask difficult questions

Measure: When discussing work, speaks in terms of user benefit

System // Process

Completed work which meets testing criteria

While no one is perfect, work happens in a way which keeps bugs at a strict minimum, delivering quality work within reasonable time-frames is what you take pride in.

Measure: % of delivered stories accepted, bugs found in work delivered

Individual

Commits to building trust and transparency by feeding back to team leadership regularly

Ability to accurately estimate work

Measure: Delivers work on schedule, feeds back to appropriate leadership members daily and weekly

Type of position: Full-Time Exempt (Computer Employee Exemption)

Reports to: VP of Engineering

Language skills: English

Interfacing with: WNDYR team

Location: USA - Dallas TX

BENEFITS:

As per Employee Handbook, which includes:

Generous Paid time off

Flexible working hours

Flexibility to work from home

Health/Medical Insurance stipend

Employee Share Options

Work with an International team (we're currently in 8 countries + growing)

Macbook and screen

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY:

This is an individual contributor role with no direct reports

WORKING CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:

Typical office environment, generally sedentary position using computers, phones, and other office equipment.

This position works in a fast-paced, rapidly changing work environment. The ability to manage stress, build professional and collaborative relationships, and reason through complex business situations is essential.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT:

WNDYR is an at-will employer and this document does not constitute an employment contract. WNDYR reserves the right to change its compensation practices and pay rates at any time, with or without prior notice.
