Qualification: B Sc, BE, MCA

Responsibility:Stakeholder Management:

Communication with Business users related to resolving queries, obtain clarifications and providing updates.

Setup Business bridge calls to update status of Critical incidents / Outages.

Follow up with internal and external stakeholders (Customer and Vendor liaison) to progress tickets to resolution.

Service Management: • Responsible for the project tasks assigned.

Initiate escalation procedure for incidents based on the agreed upon timelines and tracks it to closure.

Manage queue effectively and allocate tasks to the team based on an allocation plan.

Service Tracking: • Ensure assigned tasks are completed within targets set (the tasks include incidents, service requests, identified problems, Operational changes, enhancements etc).

Conduct peer reviews and ensure quality of deliverables.

Service Execution: • Comply to defined process during task execution (including problem management, KEDB management etc).

Knowledge Management: • Contribute and participate proactively in knowledge sharing sessions.

Provide complete KT to support teams before any production release.

People Management: • Manage and mentor the mentees (team).

Provide inputs for development of learning plan for the team.

Act as a buddy for new hires.

Shares recommendation towards Performance management and recognition of team members.

Contribution to Org Initiatives: • Adhere to Organization policies and procedures.

Participate in project and organization initiatives led by the Delivery leadership.

Contribute new ideas and innovative approaches at work, including CSI themes.

Collate data and provide inputs for reporting requirements.

Business Development and Customer Relationship Management: • Participate in customer meetings and provide project updates.

Account Operations: • Perform task estimation.

guide the service analyst on estimation.

Coordinate shift operations and logistics.

Audit: • Participate in audits as necessary.

Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level * Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Apache Pig PL2 Required 2 Hive PL2 Required 3 Apache Hadoop PL2 Desired 4 Python PL2 Required

Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level * Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 OrdertoCash AccountsReceivable NA Required

Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill.

Employee Status : Full Time Employee

Shift : Day Job

Travel : No

Job Posting : Jul 19 2019

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 193 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
