Ref ID: 02600-0011075995Classification: Business AnalystCompensation: DOEIn this role, you will be supporting the manufacture of cutting edge 3D woven fiber composites parts by blending data, statistics, and engineering. You will be actively involved in Assisting process engineers find and analyze data in support of investigations. . To be successful, you?ll need to have experience with 1. *Ensure seamless data collection and storage 2. Support complex data mapping 3. *Develop efficient and useful reporting tools 4. *Maintain accuracy of data with high level of detail, implementing corrective actions as required 5. Maintain system efficiency, propose improvements, and monitor technology developments 6. *Initiate new data collection streams with guidance from the engineering team to determine parameters or processes to monitor 7. *Generate manufacturing data reports to support immediate feedback to the operators and generation of Quality documentation Interested in learning more? Please send me an email to get the details! christopher.dillon@rht.com Job Requirements SQL, Python Scripting, .NETTechnology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
