Job Title

Healthcare Data Scientist

Job Description

In this role, you have the opportunity to

Contribute to research projects in clinical informatics that help shape new healthcare technologies and improve the lives of millions of people around the world.

You are responsible for

Collaborating with researchers in clinical informatics and cardiology solutions to design and evaluate experimental systems

Developing and implementing statistical and machine learning models for healthcare analytics

Setting up databases, developing data ETL (extraction, transformation, and load-balancing) pipeline, data visualization frameworks, and building clinical software prototypes

Documenting experiments and preparing results for publication

Be interested in learning and implementing novel algorithms and approaches for machine learning/data analytics tasks

You are a part of

A team of informatics scientists within the Clinical Informatics Solutions and Services (CISS) department of Philips Cambridge Innovation Labs, focusing on the development of analytical tools to improve cardiology operational and clinical workflow and provide support for clinicians in cardiology.

To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience

Ph.D. (required) in Computer Science / Electrical / Biomedical / Mechanical Engineering or closely related field.

Proficiency in Python, C#, Java, SQL

Research/work experience in scientific computing software development

Experience with modern machine learning approaches, deep learning frameworks (i.e. TensorFlow or PyTorch)

Experience in the application of complex health technology and/or data-enabled Software-as-a-Service offerings, and Experience integrating/executing research algorithms on cloud-based applications/technologies.

Experience with scalable data analytics tools for ETL, data storage and retrieval, business logic, analysis, and presentation

Be a Strong team player, have experience working with diverse cross-functional international teams

Experience to anticipate and effectively react to engineering, product, and customer issue

Be self-motivated with the ability to plan and execute

Communicate effectively in English and demonstrate excellent writing skills

Experience in the healthcare industry, especially cardiology and healthcare informatics will be given extra consideration

In return, we offer you

Join us and work in a dynamic environment with opportunities to contribute to a number of innovation topics and application areas in relation to healthcare solutions and services. You have the opportunity to contribute to the growth of your team. We offer a competitive benefits and salary package with offices in multiple locations in the US.

Why should you join Philips?

Working at Philips is more than a job. It is a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways.

To find out more about what it is like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.

It is the policy of Philips to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, color, citizenship, disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital or domestic partner status, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth, race, religion, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws. Philips is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran.

As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance.

#LI-PH1

Contact

If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it.

If you have any other questions regarding the recruitment process please refer to our FAQs. In case of technical difficulties with the website, please send an email to careersite@philips.com.

(Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)
