Job Description

Description

JOB DESCRIPTION: Works in cross-functional teams with data at all stages of the analysis life cycle to derive actionable insight. Translates mission needs into an end-to-end analytical approach to achieve results. Performs the pre-analytics areas of data collection and understanding, data cleansing and integration, and data storage and retrieval. Determines the appropriate analytics based on the data and the desired outcomes, using techniques including feature detection, statistics, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, natural language processing, and business intelligence. Interprets the validity of results and communicates the meaning of those results. Has familiarity with data wrangling, analytics, and visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data. Follows a scientific approach to generate value from data, verifying results at each step. Applies advanced technical principles, theories, and concepts. Contributes to development of new principles and concepts. Participates with senior managers to establish strategic plans and objectives. Recommends/makes decisions on administrative or project work matters and ensures effective achievement of program, project, or organizational objectives.

PROBLEM COMPLEXITY: Works on unusually complex technical problems and provides solutions which are highly innovative and ingenious.

FREEDOM TO ACT: Works under consultative direction toward pre-determined long-range goals and objectives. Assignments are often self-initiated. Determine and pursue courses of action necessary to obtain desired results. Work checked through consultation and agreement with others rather than by formal review of supervisor. Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.

IMPACT: Develops advanced technological ideas and guides their development into a final product. Erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically results in failure to achieve critical organizational objectives and affect image of organization's technological capability.

LIAISON: Serves as organization spokesperson on advanced projects and/or programs. Acts as advisor to management and customers on advanced technical research studies and applications.

Qualifications

TYPICAL EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelors and fourteen (14) years or more experience; Masters and twelve (12) years or more experience; PhD or JD and nine (9) years or more experience.

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
