Role Summary: The Sr Data Scientist will work in teams addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in a commercial technology and consultancy development environment. In this role, they will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets.

Essential Responsibilities:Essential Responsibilities:

The Sr Data Scientist will be part of a data science or cross-disciplinary team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in GE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across infrastructure and industrial sectors, financial portfolio risk assessment, and operations optimization.

Develop analytics to address customer needs and opportunities

Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services

Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics

Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods

Work with data engineers on data quality assessment, data cleansing and data analytics

Generate reports, annotated code, and other projects artifacts to document, archive, and communicate The work and outcomes

Share and discuss findings with team members

Qualifications/Requirements:Basic Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) from an accredited university or college

OR

Master’s Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) from an accredited university or college with a minimum of 1 year analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial setting

Desired Characteristics:Desired Characteristics:

Demonstrated awareness of various data analytic methods

Demonstrated awareness of realtime analytics development and deployment

Works well with others in the group and across other functional groups

Self starter

#LI-RR1

About Us:

At GE Aviation , we are imagination at work. Whether we’re manufacturing components for our GEnx engines or driving innovation in fuel and noise reduction, the GE Aviation teams are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into advances in aviation that solve some of the world’s toughest problems. Join us and you’ll find yourself in a dynamic environment where our ongoing, substantial investment in

research and development keeps us moving forward and looking ahead. At GE, developing people is embedded in our culture and integral to our growth. Here you’ll work collaboratively and across functions with the highest caliber talent, utilizing cutting-edge technology and processes. Whether it’s the next generation of ecomagination products or the future of aircraft engines, we’ve got the state-of-the-art resources to make those innovations a reality. If you’re

passionate about aviation and looking for a career rich with challenges and unlimited opportunities for growth and advancement, then join GE in reengineering the sky through aviation innovations that will impact the globe for generations to come. Learn More about GE

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications: GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). This role is restricted to U.S. persons (i.e., U.S. citizens, permanent residents, and other protected individuals under the Immigration and Naturalization Act, 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)) due to access to export-controlled technology. GE will require proof of status prior to employment. Additional Locations: United States;Ohio;Cincinnati;
