Immediate need for a talented Senior Data Scientist with experience in the Utility Industry. This is a Fulltime opportunity and is located in Dallas, TX. Please review the job description below. Job ID: 18-53068 Key Responsibilities: A person in this role is expected to execute end-to-end advanced analytics solutions to business problems assigned to him/her Must demonstrate business value from his/her models and ensure that stakeholders are aligned with the expected and actual results Must take end-to-end ownership of the value/impact of advanced analytics projects Eager to learn, assimilate constructive feedback and grow through roles of greater responsibility Must be an independent thinker, with a strong bias towards action and avoiding analysis-paralysis. Excellent attention to detail necessary. Passionate about solving real business problems via advanced analytics and data science. Collaborates effectively with stakeholders to plan and implement solutions. Must have strong presentation and business writing skills. Must be able to create effective documentation. Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Master's degree or PhD in Mathematics, Machine learning, Operations Research, Statistics or a related discipline 5-7 years for Master's degree candidates 3-5 years for PhD Candidates Strong time & project management skills Innovative problem solver who can handle both high breadth & depth of advanced analytics problems Solid theoretical background in mathematics, statistics, database technology mathematical optimization, graph algorithms and related disciplines Strong computer programming skills in a high level programming language, preferably SAS, SQL and Python, refined via professional experience, PhD research, collaboration in an impactful open source project or a well-known predictive modeling open competition Strong experience building original and impactful models with one or more tools for creating predictive /machine learning/operations research models, refined via professional experience, PhD research, collaboration in an impactful open source project or a well-known predictive modeling open competition Our client is a leading Utility Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration.
