Data Scientist Python, R, SQL, Excel Bachelor's Degree required (Master's is great as well) A concentration on Computer Science/Statistics/Mathematics highly preferred Sorry, only US Citizens or current Green Card holders can be considered Columbus, OH Direct Hire - Salaried position No third parties or corp-to-corp Are you considering a career within Data? Do you long to be a Data Scientist or Data Analyst? Do you have a minimum of 4 years degree and look forward to working with Big Data and providing predictive analytics strategy in a large environment? Do you have a degree with Computer Science/Engineering/Statistics/Mathematics as your concentration? Do you love statistics and the manipulation of data? Would you like to learn how to collect, model, and report on large data sets? Do you have a solid experience with Python and "R" or statistical software development background? Are you experienced with enterprise level process and procedures? Do you love solving problems with large amounts of data and consider it to be the vertical you seek? You will be working on a truly collaborative team and helping to provide expertise to their global, world class organization. There are no individuals. Teamwork is tantamount to success in this environment! Culture on this team is one of kindness and compassion. This is a very important and rewarding role which opened up due to growth. Is this you? Company: Extremely friendly and employee-centric atmosphere Lots of room for growth, development, educational opportunities New development Always use the latest / emerging technologies Work/Life balance Company paid Pension Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Paid Time Off Paid holidays Position: Statistical analysis and predictive modeling using "R" Data modeling Data Science visualizations (Tableau, ggplot, RStudio, Etc.) Python Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing techniques Algorithms Always working with the latest / emerging technologies Design and develop solutions to meet business requirements Deploy cutting-edge technology solutions Big Data is where they are right now! Work with product, project, and technical owners Next steps: Please call me, also send me your resume: Tom Gaebelein 614.246.8512 tom @ emeraldresourcegroup.com Job Requirements Must Have Requirements: Candidates local to Columbus or moving here on own Must be able to interview in person with less than 24 hours notice Must have 4+ years degree and 2 years data science experience Outstanding communication skills Understanding of Data Analysis and Data Science and both analysis and data modeling understanding is a must have (the more the better!) Data Science and Data Analysis visualization tools exposure (Tableau, ggplot, RStudio, etc.) Python and R experience preferred Statistical software experience (or equivalent) Machine Learning algorithms understanding Key Words: Python, Java or C/C++, SQL, R, SAS, HTML, MySQL, HTTP, SAS, IT, SSIS ETL, SSRS, Work, Jobs, Ohio, Technology, Ohio
