: This client's Artificial intelligence is revolutionizing the health care industry. As the leading innovator in pharmacy and medication management systems, providing services and solutions to more than 4000 hospitals worldwide, they have geared up for the health care revolution. As a member of the Data Science Team, you will have autonomy to collaborate with every team in the organization. You will be able to directly connect to decision makers without dealing with bureaucracy. You will lead and participate in multiple projects on various timelines. You will be expected to develop strong working relationships with various departments, to represent the team, to provide direction for members of all levels and departments, and to speak about new and upcoming developments in your field. This is an organization that is slated to grow 200% in the next 4 years. Responcibilities: Lead, design, and develop cutting-edge AI technologies (ML models, algorithms, etc) in medication management, patient behavioral modeling, and anomaly detection. Drive cross-functional data science projects from beginning to end: from idealization and problem formulation to technology development, and working with other stakeholders for implementation. Work with product and design teams to plan how to shape the product and communicate data insights to non-experts. Create value by anticipating and meeting the needs of internal and external customers and delivering high-quality results and be accountable for outcomes. Strong background in Statistics and Machine Learning with extensive practical experiences in developing AI solutions to solve real-work problems. Hands-on experience with statistical analysis and data mining tools, such as R, Python, Scala, etc. Ability to balance sophistication with simplicity, scientific rigor with pragmatism, and agility with quality. Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Deep knowledge and experience in statistical and machine learning techniques (e.g. supervised/unsupervised learning, optimization, parametric/nonparametric modeling, Bayesian statistics, etc.). Strong skills in communicating and presenting data-derived insights to non-technical audiences appropriately. A track record of mentoring, managing, or leading junior analytics or data science staff. Qualifications: Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative discipline with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithms 5+ years of experience in statistical modeling and developing machine learning algorithms. Experience in handling massive datasets and expertise in big data technologies. Domain knowledge and past experiences in health care, medication management, patient care, etc. Experience and/or background in pharmacy informatics. Experience in diversion detection, opioids, or antimicrobial stewardship.
