Praxair Surface Technologies, Inc. (PST), a subsidiary of Linde, Inc, a global industrial gas company, offers a comprehensive array of high-performance coatings and technologies to the aviation, energy and other industries. By continuously advancing coatings technologies, PST helps customers improve environmental performance, decrease energy consumption, extend component life, improve productivity, minimize downtime, reduce operating costs and produce high-quality products. Additional information about PST is available at www.praxairsurfacetechnologies.com POSITION QUALIFICATION SUMMARY: The Data Scientist will be a member of the Linde Digital Advanced Analytics team, part of the larger Linde Digital organization. They will be completely dedicated to the Praxair Surface Technology (PST) business. In this role, they will apply analytics, data science and operations research techniques to solve challenging problems across operations, supply chain management and business. Project opportunities will include but are not limited to visualization, robotic process automation, statistical analysis, data modeling, predictive modeling, and optimization. The candidate will be asked to combine an understanding of business problems with data driven decision making to significantly impact PST’s operating profit. The candidate will be involved in the development of analytics applications from proposal through commercialization and be expected to work closely with the operations, business and IT teams. As a result, he/she will need to develop credible business cases for new applications and lead the product development. He/She will also be expected to continuously improve their skills to take advantage of analytics best practices. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Involved in technology development from concept initiation through commercialization and work closely with the business organizationsActively participate in the technical development and lead project execution involving multi-disciplinary teamsSupport new data science development while maintaining and improving existing applications Job Requirements (Salary and Job Level Commensurate with Experience) Basic BS in Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics or Operations Research with a specialization in data science or related area 3+ years of relevant industry experience particularly in manufacturing environmentsDemonstrated leadership skillsAbility to collaborate with internal business partners to find new ideas, understand requirements and develop appropriate technical solutionsExceptional presentation skills with the ability to succinctly convey complex solutions to business stakeholders and executive leadership Availability to travel up to 30% (domestic and international) Preferred MS or higher in Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics or Operations Research with a specialization in data science or related areaAbility to develop, implement and support data science pipelines in Python or other programming languagesExperience designing and leveraging relational databasesExperience with visualization software, preferably TableauExperience with developing and deploying robotic process automation (RPA) solutions Hands-on experience and theoretical understanding of machine learning techniques PST is a supplier which abides by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). As such, persons considered for this position must be either a U.S. Citizen, Permanent Resident (green card holder) or otherwise classifiable as a U.S. person under relevant ITAR regulations.
