Description:This Lockheed Martin (LM) position is part of the Analytics & Enterprise Information Management (AEIM) organization. The selected candidate will function as a practicing Data Scientist for advanced analytics techniques in support of Lockheed Martin Enterprise Operations programs and functions.Exhibits an exceptional degree of ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness. Applies and/or develops highly advanced technical technologies, scientific principles, theories and concepts. Exhibits an exceptional degree of ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness. Applies and/or develops highly advanced technical technologies, scientific principles, theories and conceptsThe responsibilities of this position include collaboration with business stakeholders to identify business opportunities and requirements to develop associated analytical models that deliver useful, actionable insights, or recommendations. Responsible for modeling complex business problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. The candidate will need a combination of business focus, creative thinking, strong analytical and problem solving skills and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypothesis through the discovery phase of the project. Excellent written and communications skills to report back the findings in a clear, structured manner are required.PREFERRED LOCATION IS ANY US BASED LOCKHEED MARTIN FACILITYBasic Qualifications:Previous experience with artificial intelligence or advanced algorithm development. Previous experience in applying data science against business use cases.Must have strong problem solving skills, business acumen, and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills. Preferred languages: R, Python, Matlab, SQL, Hive, Pig, SparkMust be a US citizen.Desired Skills:Applying data science against open source media to support Intelligence collection and data fusion. Distributed ComputingPredictive ModelingStory-Telling and VisualizationMasters or PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or equivalent Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Experience Level: Experienced Professional Business Unit: ESS2100 ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SERVICES Relocation Available: Possible Career Area: Information Technology Clearance Level: None Type: Full-Time Virtual Location: no Work Schedule: FLEX9x80A-Friday off in 2nd week w/flex hrs/day Shift: First
