Description:Are you an innovator? Have you ever dreamed about working on cutting edge technology and solving some of the greatest problems present today? Lockheed Martin is a global leader supporting the offensive and defensive efforts of our defense and intelligence community customer. We are looking for innovators/researchers that can dream, design and build technologies/products to help defend and exploit enterprise IT networks, radiofrequency spectrums, and military platforms on land, sea and air. Lockheed Martin invites you join the Research and Development team in solving some of today’s most daunting challenges. Who knows, together we might change the world as we know it today. At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Cyber Solutions, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future! Machine learning requires a complex and dynamic platform that includes rapidly evolving methods, configured computing resources including local computing infrastructure and multivendor cloud infrastructure that properly leverages the various components especially GPUs, and complex data ingest and transformation. This foundation unleashes the full potential of machine learning innovation. You will be at the front lines of machine learning with collaboration across the many machine learning initiatives within Lockheed Martin and its many partners.Specific tasks include, but are not limited to the following:-Configuring local and cloud platforms via containers and associated orchestration-Setup, configuration, and support for complex machine learning model discovery, model testing, and model deployment environments – the full life cycle of machine learning.-Development of real-time and static data sources and associated processing-Setup, configuration, and support of local machine learning servers with multiple GPUs-Preliminary development of machine learning modelsApplicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.Basic Qualifications:-Applied use of container and orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes-Applied use of setup and configuration of cloud-based resources such as AWS and Google-Solid Linux administration and user skills-Scripting language skills such as PythonDesired Skills:-Work with server-less environments-Strong willingness to learn machine learning development tools and methods-Familiarity with GPU platforms such as Nvidia cuda Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Experience Level: Experienced Professional Business Unit: ESS6500 RMS Relocation Available: No Career Area: Software Engineering Clearance Level: TS/SCI w/Poly Type: Task Order/IDIQ Virtual Location: no Work Schedule: TEMPO: 9X80A - Standard Fri to Fri (Flex & Rigid) Shift: First
