SAVA services and solutions help our federal clientsprovide for national security, improve communications and collaboration, securethe integrity of information systems and networks, enhance data collection andanalysis, and increase efficiency and mission effectiveness. We’re at theforefront of the communications breakthroughs that bring Federal, state, localand International organizations together for leading edge collaborativesolutions in our fight against global crime and terrorism.JOB DESCRIPTION: SAVA is seeking candidates with professional skills inApplied Mathematics (e.g., probability and statistics, formal modeling,computational social sciences) and Computer Programming (e.g., mathematics /statistics packages, programming languages, computer science, machine learning,and scientific computing). Shall have professional skills in modelingreal-world problems and in applying probability theory and statistical analysisto model, design, and carry out analyses. Shall have professional skills in designingmathematical research methodologies, including statistical sampling andanalytic methods, to conduct studies and to complete analytic projects. Shallhave programming experience, such as Java, C / C , Python, SQL, R, etc. Shallhave skills in oral presentations and communication of instructions concerningmathematical analysis, and in writing reports or documents that convey thefindings / results of mathematical analysis to non-technical audiences. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Possess a TopSecret clearance with SCI eligibilityPossess an advanceddegree in Mathematics, Statistics, or Actuarial Science or other advanceddegree in a major field of study that is appropriate for the position.The idealcandidate will have a PhD degree and at least five (5) years of relevantexperience; however, a Master’s degree with at least fifteen (15) years ofrelevant experience will suffice. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website. Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.Shift: Day JobPrimary Location: US-DC-WashingtonOrganization: SAVAJob: Information TechnologySchedule: Closing Date(Period for Applying) - External: Ongoing
