50-80%. The amount of time the average data scientist spends preparing data. You will help drastically reduce this number to unlock efficiencies in how we discover new drugs.Passionate about making connections between data sets at scale to unearth more needles from many more haystacks? We are looking to fill a position that sits precisely at this point in early computational drug discovery: between large-scale processed raw data on one side and individual molecular insights on the other side. If you are a versatile data scientist who enjoys casting problems into generic computational solutions to catalyze efficiencies in data-driven drug discovery, this is for you.Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:• Engage with computational peers across the research organization to identify recurrent problems that can be solved at scale, focusing on all data domains that are of practical use in drug discovery.• Design, implement, and maintain robust methods, algorithms, and packages (python, R) that help the computational community solve old and new problems with ease.• Define, refine and promote the computational glue that is between large-scale data processing (such as NGS pipelines) and insights at very detailed level.• Ideate and implement visualizations, dashboards & webservices for data dissemination to computational peers as well as to non-computational collaborators.[#video#https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo1vwtVPVA0{#400,300#}#/video#] Job Requirements What you will bring to the role• Excellent scripting skills in both R and python, demonstrated ability to develop & deploy packages/modules for end users; proficiency in Linux, git, SQL and relevant software packages are essential.• Algorithmic/computational understanding of efficiently dealing with small and large sets of heterogeneous data.• Familiarity with biological data of relevance for drug discovery and an ability to communicate it with broad audiences (English oral and written).• A desire to relentlessly improve the status quo in terms of efficiently linking data across domains.Desirable requirements• Higher education degree in a relevant field or equivalent years of experience (mathematics, computer science, bioinformatics, physics, biology, chemistry, etc.) • Statistics; machine learning; bioinformatics/cheminformatics domain knowledge.• Familiarity with literate programming environments (such as jupyter, R Markdown, Databricks) and/or cloud computing.927 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2017. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives? We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks. And where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges. We are Novartis. Join us and help reimagine medicine.
