Job summary –Our Data Science Team is seeking a Data Scientist. This role will involve using fuzzy logic, predictive modeling, statistics, trend analysis, and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and model data to be analyzed from internal and external sources, and then constructing software systems and algorithms to solve a variety of business problems. GENERAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Creates mathematical models which quantify insights of subject-matter experts re: financial fraud-detection methodology. Writes detailed design documents as a basis for implementation of these models in code, including example output. Understands and analyzes legacy code in Matlab, T-SQL and C#, both to address customer production issues and as a basis for new product design. Assist business analysts with finding patterns and relationships in data Builds predictive models using data, tests the model on results outside of the sample size and verifies the model in the real world. Determines relevant quantitative methods for solving client issues Proactive and effective interaction with other internal groups throughout FIS Shares knowledge with other member of the analytics team Evaluates and improves internal tools and processes. Projects may include: testing strategy development for marketing initiatives, supporting product lifecycle decisions, evaluating product utilization, supporting fraud detection, etc. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree from a four year college in a mathematical discipline: physics, mathematics, engineering, economics. Advanced degree preferred. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Required Coding proficiency in Matlab Ability to present mathematical concepts in non-mathematical terms. Superior oral and written communication/presentation skills. Skills at negotiating among disparate stakeholders. Desired Coding proficiency in T-SQL, C#, and Python Familiarity with financial transactions. Familiarity with fraud detection. Familiarity with data science/machine learning Advanced professional role. Highly-skilled with extensive proficiency. Works on multiple projects as a project leader or frequently as the subject matter expert. Works on projects/issues of medium to high complexity that require demonstrated knowledge across multiple technical areas and business segments. Coaches and mentors more junior technical staff. Works under minimal supervision on complex projects. Wide latitude for independent judgment. Typically requires five or more years of demonstrated Statistical Modeling experience. Typically reports to a Statistician/Data Analyst Specialist
