Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.At the heart of connecting people together is building a platform that fosters sharing between you and family, friends, and community. The Ads Platform has the purpose of enabling the creation, management, delivery of ads, as well as accurate and insightful reporting of Ads results. We support advertising in all surfaces, Facebook, Instagram, etc. Ads Manager is Facebook’s largest ads creation and management platform and it empowers the majority of FB ad spend. We need a Data Scientist who will help shape Product Strategy for a platform used by millions of advertisers. As a Data Scientist on the team, you’ll be expected to stretch across diverse areas such as modernization of our UI, insight reporting, platform performance, and work with more data scientists to help the company execute on our mission of making more effective marketing easier.Your scope will include working with multiple product teams within Analytics & Ads Manager, and even collaborating with different product teams across Ads. Your analyses will support the organization in building a consistent user experience and guide advertisers to better mutual value.Required SkillsUse existing insights, and develop an understanding agenda to unearth new ones, to drive the product strategyOwn all communications of insights to management in support of strategic decision-makingPartner with cross-functional teams to identify new opportunities requiring the use of modern analytical and modeling techniquesPlan, and be able to conduct as needed, end-to-end analyses, from data requirement gathering, to data processing and modelingOwn ongoing deliverables and communicationsWork with data engineers to architect data and modeling pipelines Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline plus MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent experience10+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingTrack-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioningExperience extracting and manipulating large datasetsWorking knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)Experience in a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)Communication experiencePreferred qualification5+ years experience leading cross-functional teamsExperience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
