Kelly Services is seeking a Data Scientist for a leading hospital and health care company in Chicago, IL.

Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: Chicago, IL

Type: Contract (W2)
Length: 6 months (Possibility of Extension)

Pay Rate: $45/HR

Job Purpose: This position is responsible for employing advanced analytical techniques to create and drive adoption of data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. They will use data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. They will leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs, and present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making. They will create analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible.

Job Responsibilities:
Apply data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights.
Leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs.
Develop, create, and implement data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers.
Develop, create, and implement analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible.
Present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making.
Identify new data sources, drive collection of data, and identify use cases for existing data sources.
Document steps and data sources and ensure that models and processes are easily understandable and maintainable.
Document steps and data sources and ensure that models and processes are easily understandable and maintainable.
Communicate and interact effectively and professionally with co-workers, management, customers, etc.
Comply with HIPAA, Diversity Principles, Corporate Integrity, Compliance Program policies and other applicable corporate and departmental policies.
Maintain communication with management regarding development within areas of assigned responsibilities and perform special projects as required or requested.
Job Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree and 3 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Actuarial credential or Master’s degree and 2 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Ph.D. in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 6 years
experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field.
Strong learning and growth mindset
Customer-focused
Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
Must demonstrate proficiency in at least four of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing; 6) understanding of healthcare.
Proficiency with Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word and Power Point.
If this position is of interest to you please share your updated word profile at shai879@kellyservices.com and advise the best time and number at which you can be reached.

Shazneen Irani
Professional Technical Recruiter
Kelly Services, Inc.
shai879@kellyservices.com
kellyservices.com

Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
