Do you want to be on the leading edge of using big data and help drive engineering and product decisions for the biggest productivity software in the planet? Office Experience Organization (OXO) has embarked on a mission to delight our customers by using data informed engineering to develop compelling products and services.The FUEL team in OXO is looking for an experienced professional with a passion for delivering business value with data insights and analytics to join our team as a Senior Data Scientist. We are looking for a strong Senior Data Scientist with a proven track record of solving large, complex data analysis and machine learning problems in a real-world product development setting. Ideal candidates should be able to identify a business or engineering problem and translate it to a data science problem, identify and deeply understand potential data sources, conduct the appropriate analysis or modeling to reveal actionable insights, and then work with data or AI engineers to operationalize the metrics or solution. The Senior Data Scientist will artfully explore and analyze the petabytes of client and service telemetry data, synthesize with other sources, collaborate with engineering leaders to formulate plans, and design metrics to measure performance and end-user impact via online experiments. He or she will leverage the latest in machine learning and predictive modeling techniques to identify and predict desired end-user outcomes, and work with product engineers to test and implement features or communication that improve end user outcomes. The successful candidate will tell clear and compelling stories, write papers, and make presentations to educate and inform the engineering community to help shape the product and continuously improve our data-driven culture.ResponsibilitiesWorks with executives, product engineering leaders, researchers and other data scientists to formulate data-driven answers to hard business and decision-making problems, applying a wide variety of data and techniques to help drive the engineering investments at a strategic and tactical level. Identifies data sources, integrates multiple sources or types of data, and develops expertise with multiple data sources to tell a story and to compensate for missing data, identify new patterns and business opportunities, and communicate visually and verbally with clear and compelling data-driven stories. Applies (or develops if necessary) tools and pipelines to efficiently collect, clean, and prepare massive volumes of data for analysis. Able to work with junior data scientist to maximize impact and throughput while also mentoring and helping the team improve its overall data science skills and portfolio. Transforms formulated problems into implementation plans for online AB experiments by designing and applying appropriate decision-making metrics, backed up with thorough exploratory data analysis, and ensuring the decision criteria for the experiment are correctly reported and interpreted in light of the statistical confidence. Interprets results and develops insights into formulated problems within the business/customer context and provides guidance on risks and limitations. Acquires and uses broad knowledge of innovative methods, algorithms, and tools from within Microsoft and from the scientific literature and applies his or her own analysis of scalability and applicability to the formulated problem. Validates, monitors, and drives continuous improvement to methods, and proposes enhancements to data sources that improve usability and results. QualificationsExpert in one or more statistical software like R, SAS, etc.Expert in one or more scripting languages like Perl, Python or SQLSolid foundation of statistical modeling and machine learning algorithms and experimental designDeep understanding of big data systems including map reduce technologies like Hadoop and SparkM.S or Ph.D. in Data Science, Economics/Econometrics, Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science or similar quantitative field 5 years plus of applying statistical modeling, ML and data mining algorithms to real world problems.The successful candidate will demonstrate knowledge of data science techniques applied to strategic business problems as well as tactical implementation of online experiments, digital campaigns, content optimization, etc. Experience with large scale software, mobile or online application delivery and audience understanding is a huge plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
