Data Scientist II – Clinical Analytics – Courtland AdventHealth seeks to hire a Data Scientist II who will embrace our mission to extend the healing ministry of Christ. Facility Profile: Established in 1908, AdventHealth is one of the largest not-for-profit healthcare systems in the country, caring for more than a million patients each year. The Courtland Office Plaza is conveniently located a few miles outside downtown Orlando and is home to over 700 employees that support our hospital system including the AdventHealth Home Care Service, Management Information Systems, Nursing Informatics and AdventHealth Healthcare System. Work Hours/Shifts: Monday – Friday; 8:00am – 5:00pm Job Summary: The Data Scientist II applies advanced analytics techniques to large datasets to find hidden information and support decision making across all areas of the AdventHealth system. Mines, organizes, and analyzes complex qualitative and quantitative clinical, financial and administrative data from multiple sources. Demonstrates diplomacy and superior communication when engaging with clinical, operational, and finance leaders to understand critical problems. Actively participates in outstanding customer service and accepts responsibility in maintaining relationships that are equally respectful to all. Knowledge, Skills, Education, & Experience Required: Experience in Data Science methods such as applied statistics, data engineering, machine learning, and deep learning techniques Experience in Data Science programming languages such as Python, R, SQL, etc. Strong in Data Visualization tools, such as PowerBI, Qlikview, Tableau, etc. Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to tailor message to individuals and audiences throughout the institution Strong organizational skills, with the ability to focus detailed concentrated effort to multiple projects and re-establish priorities as necessary. Ability to effectively respond to time sensitive issues and meet deadlines Initiative and ability to work independently (self-direction), while thriving in a setting requiring collaboration and teamwork for maximal efficiency and effectiveness. Attention to detail that ensures accurate results and follow through on all initiatives Mastery of desktop applications, including MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Access) and database management applications Accepts and benefits from direction and constructive feedback Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Information Systems, or related appropriate discipline, AND Two years of experience in a related data science position Master’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Information Systems, or related appropriate discipline (Preferred) Two years of experience in a healthcare organization (Preferred) Licensure, Certification, or Registration Required: Certification in Data Science Job Responsibilities: Demonstrates through behavior AdventHealth’s Core Values of Keep Me Safe, Love Me, Make it Easy, and Own it as outlined in the organization’s Performance Excellence Program. Serves as the organization-wide specialist on Data Science methods, including data mining, statistical analysis, processing/cleaning/verifying data, and modelling/prediction. Continually expands/updates this knowledge and imparts relevant details to peers. Applies Data Science methods such as applied statistics, machine learning, decision trees, support vector machine, etc. to drive cost, revenue, and outcomes. Participates in and leads Data Science projects on behalf of Business Analytics & Data Science Director. Employs critical thinking and creative problem solving to address barriers. Escalates issues to leadership, when appropriate. Utilizes Data Science programming languages such as Python, R, SQL, etc. to mine and analyze data from enterprise data sources. Works with Director and Adventist IT to identify and communicate data management needs on behalf of the Department of Business Analytics & Data Science. Investigates and recommends external Data Science tools and vendors to senior leadership. Trains junior data scientists and interns. Prioritizes multiple projects, meets project deadlines, and manages multiple customer relationships. If you want to be a part of a team that is dedicated to delivering the highest quality in patient care, we invite you to explore the Data Scientist II opportunity with AdventHealth and apply online today. Job Keywords: Data Scientist II, Clinical Analytics, Courtland Position Location: CourtlandJob: Other Non-Clinical ProfessionalOrganization: AdventHealth Central FloridaPrimary Location: US-FL-OrlandoSchedule: Full-timeShift: DayJob Level: Staff / AssociateEducation Level: Bachelor's DegreeTravel: NoJob Posting: Jun 3, 2019, 4:18:51 PM
