Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.The mission of the Marketplace team is to connect people through commerce across our family of apps. With over 800 million monthly active users and in over 70 countries, Marketplace is one of the fastest growing products at Facebook. In the commerce world, customer intent understanding and personalized recommendations are keys to improve user experience by showing them most relevant products at the best time. The mission and focus for Marketplace IQ team is to seamlessly integrate Machine Learning into Marketplace to enhance both buyer experience and seller experience. We are looking for strong Data Scientists to help the team to optimize the whole shopping/selling journey on Facebook through ML Ranking systems. This role works closely with both product team and engineering team to identify opportunities in current ML delivery system and further improve it. Successful candidates for this role will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Ranking/Recommendation System, and will have experience in influencing decision making across different teams through data.Required SkillsApply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products.Define problems and opportunities in a complex or ambiguous area.Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches.Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify new levers to improve user experience.Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics.Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, and clearly communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams. Job Requirements Minimum qualificationAdvanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math/Statistics, Physics, Economics, or equivalent experience.7+ years experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.Experience in SQL or other programming languages.Knowledge of statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, regressions, ML systems).Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product.Experience in machine learning, recommendation systems, statistical analysis, and natural language processing (NLP).Preferred qualificationDevelopment experience in any scripting language (Python, R, etc.).Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop).Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
