Senior Data Scientist

Covetrus is a global animal-health technology and services company dedicated to empowering veterinary practice partners to drive improved health and financial outcomes. We’re bringing together products, services, and technology into a single platform that connects our customers to the solutions and insights they need to work best. Our passion for the well-being of animals and those who care for them drives us to advance the world of veterinary medicine. Covetrus is headquartered in Portland, Maine, with more than 5,000 employees, serving over 100,000 customers around the globe.

SUMMARY

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be a key contributor to our Data Science and Machine Learning team. Working in an Agile environment, this position will be:

Responsible for development, validation, and implementation of predictive models, learning algorithms, and analytics

Resident expert on predictive modeling/machine learning and statistical analyses

Visualizing findings for Product Stakeholders and Business Leadership

We are growing a team from multiple disciplines who love solving complex problems with data. As a Data Scientist, the ideal candidate must work collaboratively with colleagues across multiple teams and locations to support critical business priorities.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Acquire business understanding needed to conduct analysis through collaboration with business experts, external partners and research teams.

Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes.

Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.

Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns.

Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms.

Present information using data visualization techniques.

Display a positive attitude at all times, promoting and contributing to good team spirit in a professional environment.

EDUCATION

Masters degree in computer science, statistics, applied math or related field or comparable job-related experience and training

5+ years of relevant work experience

COMPETENCIES

Expertise in statistical analysis

Advanced SQL (MySQL & Postgres preferred)

Programming languages (Python, R)

PLUSES

AWS Database, AI, and Analytics Services (RDS, Redshift, Sagemaker, EMR)

Reporting & Visualization tools (e.g.,Tableau, PowerBI, Python/R Visualization Libraries)

PHYSICAL DEMANDS/ WORK ENVIRONMENT Normal office environment with extensive use of a computer. This is not a remote position and must report to our Portland, ME headquarters.

Covetrus is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. It does not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability that can be reasonably
