Position Summary: This position is responsible for maximizing onboard revenue for the world's largest cruise brand Royal Caribbean International as well as improving guest satisfaction of more than 5 million guests. The role oversees pricing optimization, casino marketing campaigns, pre-cruise marketing and sales strategies of over $1B onboard revenue. This position also provides analytical support to identify opportunities, develop and implement strategies to improve guest satisfaction across the fleet. The other aspect of the job is to manage all shipboard systems, develop various databases, and create models and reports to support daily operations, reporting, and data-driven strategies. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Oversee all systems in hotel operations and all activities regarding data needed for reporting and analytics. Develop business cases in support of these strategies that effectively communicate the value and business relevance to stakeholders. Establish project plans that outline project milestones regarding data automation, forecasting, optimization, or benefits measurements projects. Ensure that modeling and analytic work in support of other teams initiatives is completed per project plans and timelines. Create and manage effective working relationships with IT, marketing team, finance team, and operations team to ensure the most relevant ideas and techniques are implemented. Create benefits measurement algorithms to determine ROI for operational initiatives and shipboard promotion strategies. Develop and maintain the analytical tools and reports to support shipboard team in their day to day operations with ad hoc questions/inquiries. Conduct revenue analysis including volume/rate (yield) relationships. Identify and quantify opportunities to improve KPIs through information gathering and analysis. Prepare quantitative and qualitative business case, evaluating new products, services, or providers. Assists in the development of annual business objectives for casino and internet including the data driven modeling to back up and support such objectives. Develop pricing and promotion strategies for internet to maximize revenue growth in all markets. Optimize tour pricing and marketing initiatives to increase penetration and maximize revenue. Work with Casino, marketing and revenue management teams to grow VIP business in all markets. Work with international markets to increase pre-cruise penetration to drive onboard revenue. Analyze guest ratings to understand different drivers in different segments, and design and implement strategies to improve guest satisfaction and reduce the number of detractors. Analyze food cost investments and guest ratings to guide where to invest to maximize guest satisfaction improvement. Aid in the development of the annual operating & strategic plan update for the Royal hotel group. Job Requirements Qualifications: Master degree in Industrial Engineering, Statistics, Economics or other quantitative discipline, or similar combination of education and experience required. Ph.D. in Industrial Engineering or Operations Research preferred. 5 to 8 plus years of experience in Operations Research or statistically related field, integrating mathematical concepts with business principles. Experience in travel industry systems is preferred. Strong knowledge of revenue management and demand forecasting. Strong Operations Research modeling skills (simulation, optimization and linear programming, etc.). Statistical modeling skills (regression, time series, machine learning etc.) Database and analytical programming skills (including SAS and SQL, etc.). Ability to assimilate ideas/concepts into data driven models and strategies. Project management experience in organizing, planning and executing large-scale projects from conception through implementation. Effective verbal and written communication skills. Understanding of the business in order to validate findings and conclusions and ensure data integrity and accuracy at all times. Understanding of database design and information systems, structure, functions and processes, and experience with database tools.
