Job #: 983873?Data Management and Governance Analyst Locations options: Bloomfield, CT l Denver, CO l Chattanooga, TN Responsible for documentation of domain data sets across the enterprise for usage in a master data tool. Participate in and coordinate master data processes to support ongoing maintenance of master data and linking of our master data processes to data quality, data stewardship, data modelling and data governance operations. Continuously improve operational processes for master data management of global strategic data. Interact with Business stakeholders and IT in defining and managing global metadata. Coordination, collaboration and innovation with Solution Verticals, Data Lake teams, IT & Business Portfolios to ensure alignment of master data, data and information with ongoing cyber risk and security programs. Collaborate with data governance, data quality and data stewardship analysts to identify master data requirements. Creative data and/or information problem solving as required. The work is organized based on the Agile framework and needs to be executed on a tight schedule. Participate in Quality Assurance of master data. Experience utilizing metadata management tools for business, technical and operational metadata Applications: Collibra Erwin Edge Tableau R Studio Hadoop Experience (5-7+ years working experience) Intermediate to Advanced Excel skillset Experience with SQL (logical/physical data model, canonical structures, etc); Intermediate level experience preferred Experience with ETL, ELT technologies Experience with Big data, data lake, structured, unstructured, domestic and global data Experience executing metadata management across business and technical data Experience utilizing master data management tools (i.e., Initiate, IBM, Oracle, etc.) Experience maintaining metadata and data for large amounts of complex data environments and ensuring metadata integrity Experience operationalizing data governance policy work and/or formal data lifecycle management processes Experience working in an Agile delivery environment (Rally, Confluence, SharePoint, Git, etc.) Experience as Subject matter expert for a business glossary or modelling application; providing guidance and training to customers, stakeholders and others on the team. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, at least 4, typically 5 or more years of solid, diverse work experience in Data Management with a minimum of 2 years experience in customer data management, or the equivalent in education and work experience. jlparker@apexystems.com EEO Employer Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178-6178.
