IntroductionAs a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.Your Role and ResponsibilitiesIBM's Tech Re-Entry program is looking for talented technical professionals who are looking to restart their technical careers after an absence from the workforce of 24 months or more. This paid apprenticeship will enable you to work on projects that match your expertise, interests, and abilities and could lead to full-time employment. During your IBM Tech Re-Entry apprenticeship program, you will have the opportunity to update your skills in a contemporary work environment. You will have access to the latest tools and technologies available and work alongside a multi-disciplinary teams to hone your expertise and deliver on client-critical solutions. You'll be able to experience the breadth of IBM resources while developing new skills and relationships.Re-Entry hires participate in ~6 month apprenticeships to refresh skills and prepare for transition to full time opportunities. The experience provides personalized technical learning to update and gain additional skills; earning badges and credentials along the way.Are you interested in state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms? Do you like solving complex real-world business problems? Would you like to be part of the global artificial intelligence and cognitive computing breakthrough? If your answer to all is yes - IBM is the place to build your career!We are now looking for Data Scientist to join our team in Silicon Valley Lab, IBM Analytics. In this role, you will be part of the team which is developing cutting edge technologies to create machine learning models. You will be developing NLP based models for prediction based on text data. You will use any open source libraries to develop these models. You will also have a chance to make a difference through your work, be it in building models for predictive maintenance, optimization of large-scale industrial processes – or in any other new application area you can think of.Who you are• Highly motivated, aspiring data scientist with some experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning from studies and/or previous work experience,• Independent, willing to learn and have good technical and business aptitude• Thriving on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines (customers and colleagues), while having good verbal and written communication skills. In order to qualify for this apprenticeship, you must have been out of the workforce for a minimum of 24 months.techreusRequired Professional and Technical Expertise• BA/BS or MS in Data Science, Machine Learning, Mathematics , Statistics, or related STEM field• Industrial experience/Academic background in deep learning, natural language processing, machine learning• 1+ years of experience in Python programing language• Strong knowledge in general software design, data structures, and relational/non sql databases• Strong written and oral communication skills• Strong analytical skills, data driven mindsetPreferred Professional and Technical Expertise• Experience with NLP toolkits such as NLTK, OpenNLP etc.• Experience with open source machine learning toolkits: tensorflow, keras, theano, CNTK, scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, libsvm• Knowledge in XGBoost, Embeddings (Word2Vec, Bert etc) is a plusAbout Business UnitDigitization is accelerating the ongoing evolution of business, and clouds - public, private, and hybrid - enable companies to extend their existing infrastructure and integrate across systems. IBM Cloud provides the security, control, and visibility that our clients have come to expect. We are working to provide the right tools and environment to combine all of our client’s data, no matter where it resides, to respond to changing market dynamics.Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.Location StatementFor additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
