The Microsoft Maps & Geospatial team is the center of excellence for understanding and using location and geospatial knowledge for 1st and 3rd party scenarios. In addition to providing map rendering, geocoding and routing capabilities, we also perform advanced Computer Vision and Image Processing – segmentation, object detection and recognition, terrain detection, image classification, text recognition from images etc. Our work is used internally by major products such as Bing, Office, Windows, Skype, and LinkedIn among others, and we power the Bing Maps APIs offered to 3rd party developers. Our team is looking for developers and data scientists to help with our various machine learning applications including natural language processing, entity matching, result ranking, computer vision, prediction and forecasting, etc. NOTE: While this position is listed in Microsoft Sunnyvale office, we’re also open to qualified candidates preferring Microsoft Bellevue location.ResponsibilitiesCandidates will be responsible for end-to-end design and implementation of solutions for processing street-view and areal imagery, segmentation, extracting visual information – detecting buildings and other structures (bridges, overpasses etc.), roads, traffic objects, learning object geometries, character recognition from road signs, terrain, surface materials and road condition classification – road slippage, incline etc. The job includes identifying and understanding the use cases and requirements, designing and building the appropriate solutions, training and tuning applicable models, running internet-scale services, and measuring the effectiveness of solutions, improvements and our competition. Candidates should expect to interact with other Maps & Geospatial teams, as well as teams across Bing and other divisions as our work has broad impact and multiple incoming and outgoing dependencies.QualificationsDeep knowledge and experience in Computer Vision and the broader areas of machine learning, statistical analysis, data mining, algorithm selection and development. This includes understanding and experience in segmentation, object detection and recognition, image categorization, character recognition is a plus. Knowledge and experience with Deep Neural Net modeling frameworks is a plus – TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe etc. Masters (minimum) or PhD (preferred), or advanced degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years design and development skills/experience and knowledge of .NET/C#/C++. Preferred: Knowledge of search-related technologies. Internet-scale services deployment and operation. Geospatial domain knowledge.Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
