Our client is currently seeking a Analytics Data Scientist - Machine Learning This job will have the following responsibilities: Quickly explore new analytical technologies and evaluate their technical and commercial viability. Work in 4-week sprint cycles to develop proof-of-concepts and prototype models that can be demoed and explained to data scientists, internal stakeholders, and clients. Quickly test and reject hypotheses around data processing and machine learning model building. Experiment, fail quickly, and recognize when you need assistance vs. when you conclude that a technology is not suitable for the task. Build machine learning pipelines that ingest, clean data, and make predictions. Stay abreast of new AI research from leading labs by reading papers and experimenting with code. Develop innovative solutions and perspectives on AI that can be published in academic journals/arXiv and shared with clients. Qualifications & Requirements: Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Informatics, Operations Research, or other quantitative disciplines Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrated ability to continuously learn new technologies and quickly evaluate their technical and commercial viability Demonstrated ability to apply machine learning techniques for addressing a variety of problems (e.g. consumer segmentation, revenue forecasting, image classification, etc.). Understanding of machine learning algorithms (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods, deep neural networks, etc.) and when it is appropriate to use each technique. Programming: Python, R, Java, JavaScript, C++, UnixHardware: sensors, robotics, GPU enabled machine learning, FPGAs, Raspberry Pis, etc.Data Storage Technologies: SQL, NoSQL, Hadoop, cloud-based databases such as GCP BigQuery, and different storageformats (e.g. Parquet, etc.)Data Processing Tools: Python (Numpy, Pandas, etc.), Spark, cloud-based solutions such as GCP DataFlow
