Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.The Cummins Advanced Analytics organization uses the latest methods and technologies in statistics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to take on major challenges and opportunities for Cummins and our customers. We help our customers achieve greater equipment uptime and lower cost of operation, while optimizing internal company operations like engineering and manufacturing. Our advanced analytics algorithms and models are becoming a core part of Cummins physical and digital products every day. This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, Indiana for a talented Chief Data Scientist. This is a high level individual contributor role with an opportunity to focus on technology at a leadership level. Cummins is using advanced analytics to deliver better products and services for our customers, while also improving internal business operations across many parts of the company. Our products are smarter and more highly connected than ever before, generating data that we turn into value for our customers and stakeholders. We are seeking an experienced and dynamic data scientist to join our advanced analytics team as a thought leader, with opportunity to shape the future of this global power leader. Your impact will happen in these and other ways: Act as a technical thought leader, helping to set the strategy for advanced analytics Work with senior leaders from all functions to explore opportunities for using advanced analytics Provide technical leadership, coaching, and mentoring to a global team of talented data scientists Guide data scientists in the use of advanced statistical, machine learning, and artificial intelligence methodologies Guide the work of other data scientists to provide support and assistance, while also ensuring quality Define data science methodology for more complex business problems Partner with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language Partner with IT resources to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and inform the design of analytical products Coach and Develop employees on all levels about data science tools and methodologies Job Requirements Education, Licenses, Certifications College, university, or equivalent degree in statistics, mathematics, analytics, or related field required PhD in a quantitative field, involving extensive use of statistics, data, and analytics methods and technologies Experience Minimum of 9 years of advanced analytics experience Experience with R and Python languages preferred Experience working with Agile a plus Experience with Azure, Spark, Databricks, and other cloud tools and platforms a plus Compensation and Benefits Base annual salary commensurate with experience plus annual variable compensation. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits. Cummins and E-verify At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today at careers.cummins.com
