: Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. Chubb is also defined by its extensive product and service offerings, broad distribution capabilities, exceptional financial strength and local operations globally. This entry to mid-level AI position within Chubb is part of Applied Data Solutions team that is at the forefront of developing new innovative data driven solutions with bleeding edge machine learning algorithms. AI Data Scientist is a highly technical job that uses machine learning (including deep learning) to automate underwriting processes. This person will be working in a vibrant data science group, alongside data engineers, data analysts, architects, and code developers to develop these solutions and put them into production for the business. Ideal candidate for this role is someone with a strong background in computer programming, statistics, and data science or related field who is eager to tackle problems with innovative thinking without compromising detail business insights. You are adept at solving diverse business problems by utilizing a variety of different tools, strategies, machine learning techniques, algorithms and programming languages Skills Required Deep understanding of ML concepts such as Probabilistic Models, Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Neural Networks, Ensembling. 2-3 years programming experience in Python, including Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Regex, Matplotlib and a machine learning library such as Scikit Learn or H2O. Experience in data visualization. Ability to work with business partners to understand problems and solution expectations to frame hypothesis Must have strong problem solving skills Multi-tasking along with strong organization and time management skills. Strong communication and presentation skills. Preferred Skills: Experience with data and machine learning services using Azure Experience with GitHub Experience programming in Spark and SQL Extensive experience working with Data APIs (Working with RESTful endpoints and/or SOAP) Experience in a major AI/NLP platform (e.g. API.ai, Wit.ai etc.) is a must Deep learning for natural language processing (e.g. LSTMs, BERT) Qualifications/Experience Masters in Computer Science or related educational background or PhD in a science involving modeling and scientific programming 2-5 years of advanced AI and machine learning techniques and applications Microsoft Azure certifications a huge plus Chubb offers a competitive compensation package and comprehensive benefits package including life, health and dental, vision, a generous retirement savings plan, disability coverage, stock purchase plan, flexible spending accounts, tuition reimbursement, and business casual dress. At Chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. Our policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions or opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, transgender, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Chubb strives to offer a diverse and inclusive and rewarding work environment. Teamwork and mutual respect are central to how Chubb operates and we believe the best solutions draw upon diverse perspectives, experiences and skills. We operate in such a way where everyone, regardless of their singular background has the opportunity to contribute to our collective success.
