Role: Research Data Scientist / Engineer Location: Chesterfield MO Duration: 12+ months role The Data Engineer will develop and implement new data pipeline solutions to support business strategies thru value driven prioritization & alignment with senior leadership. Responsibilities will include assembly and evaluation of data such that new insights, solutions, and visualizations can be derived, exploratory data analysis, data cleaning & processing - perform data discoveries to understand data formats, source systems, file sizes, etc. and engage with business partners in this discovery process, drive critical decision making by conducting various type of descriptive statistics and data quality analyses and identify trends / data quality issues / anomalies across large data sets, particularly in the area of machine data, and other agronomic management practices. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work collaboratively with interdisciplinary scientists internal and external to client, organize challenging problems, develop new solutions, and work with business & development teams to ensure these solutions deliver value. Requires a degree or 5+ years’ experience in field or related area. Day to day responsibilities: Integrate, transform, validate and reconcile large amounts of data. Assemble and evaluate data such that new insights, solutions, and visualizations can be derived. Exploratory data analysis, data cleaning & processing - Perform data discoveries to understand data formats, source systems, file sizes, etc. and engage with business partners in this discovery process. Drive critical decision making by conducting various type of descriptive statistics and data quality analyses. Directed and/or independent research to test scientific hypotheses Identify trends / data quality issues / anomalies across large data sets, particularly in the area of machine data, and other agronomic management practices. Evaluate the limitations of existing data sources and provide recommendations to address unmet data needs Must Have: BA/BS with a focus in Math, Statistics, Information’s Systems Management, Computer Science or GIS. 5+ years of relevant development experience with recent experience in Python, R & SQL 2+ years’ experience with working with geospatial datasets/GIS Experience working with cloud tools such as AWS and Domino data science platform
