At Keurig Dr. Pepper we are quickly growing and expanding our capabilities around data science, data engineering and data operationalization to create a comparative advantage for our diverse business. Data Scientists on our commercial team are trained to be technical, operational and industry business leaders, acting as critical members of our business teams, helping to achieve above average incremental growth.As a Data Scientist on the Ecommerce Data Science team, you will be responsible for delivering business and customer insights to the broader Ecommerce team. Ecommerce is a core initiative at Keurig Dr. Pepper (KDP). The coffee maker sale is moving online at pace; the majority of small appliance spending is expected to move online over the next five years. Meanwhile, beverage sales are already driving early scale in online grocery at retailers such as Amazon.com, Walmart.com and many others. KDP Ecommerce, already well developed compared to peer Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) categories, is well-positioned to drive the majority of KDP’s growth over the next five years. You will act as both a strategic resource whose purpose is to improve KDP’s overall business performance through the analysis of data, development and deployment of predictive models, and the discovery of insights about our online shoppers, customers, partners and competitors. In the short-term you will help the ecommerce team better understand their current customer base, sales channels, and competitor behavior so they can target new customers, increase sales and share, and increase long-term customer value for the enterprise. You will mine POS, Clickstream, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and complimentary online retail data, with the ultimate goal of developing and deploying real-time predictive modeling tools that deliver a uniquely personalized automated shopping experience across our broad portfolio of online sales channels.What you will do: Apply data exploration and analysis techniques to examine POS, clickstream, CRM, and complimentary online retail data from multiple disparate sources, with the goal of improving customer understanding and providing a competitive advantage for KDP’s ecommerce business teams. Apply statistical and predictive modeling concepts, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation algorithms to help optimize customer targeting, reduce churn, and increase customer life-time-value. Navigate many multi-functional stakeholders, and communicate technical results effectively to non-technical audiences. Implement strategic analyses with the know-how to balance getting the details right, while still moving at the speed of business.You will engage and partner on critical projects to create and operationalize a harmonized ecommerce sales tracker across all of KDP’s products and retail channels.You will receive mentor support for your professional development.You will learn how to break apart day-to-day business challenges into manageable segments for business analytic application.You will apply data collection, exploration, and analysis techniques to identify and interpret critical sales drivers across our Omni-channel partners. You will learn how to apply predictive modeling concepts to help forecast sales and develop strategic insights to support incremental sales creation across eCommerce Omni-channel retail partners. Requirements You will ideally have: Bachelor’s degree and 1 year of experience or an MS and minimum 1 year of experience, in Ecommerce, data analytics, sales, consumer marketing, or another related field.1+ years of experience in analyzing data in a professional setting.Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms.Experience with one or more statistical analysis and scripting tools, including R, Python, and AzureML. Experience with data extraction from SQL databases Experience with Hadoop-based technologies (e.g. MapReduce, Hive and Pig)Possess excellent oral and written communication skillsPossess a unique understanding of the internet/tech and media ecosystem Highly detail–oriented and organizedPossess strong business and financial acumen Company Overview & EEO Statement Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP) is a leading coffee and beverage company in North America with dual headquarters in Burlington, MA and Plano, TX, with annual revenue in excess of $11 billion. KDP holds leadership positions in soft drinks, specialty coffee and tea, water, juice and juice drinks and mixers, and markets the #1 single serve coffee brewing system in the U.S. The Company maintains an unrivaled distribution system that enables its portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands to be available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig®, Dr Pepper®, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters®, Canada Dry®, Snapple®, Bai®, Mott’s® and The Original Donut Shop®. The Company employs more than 25,000 employees and operates more than 120 offices, manufacturing plants, warehouses and distribution centers across North America.Benefits built for you: Our people are the heart of our business, which is why we offer robust benefits to support your health and wellness as well as your personal and financial well-being. We also provide employee programs designed to enhance your professional growth and development while ensuring you feel valued, inspired and appreciated at work.Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmatively seeks diversity in its workforce. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. recruits qualified applicants and advances in employment its employees without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, ethnic or national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/DisabledCandidates must be able to pass a background check and drug test, as applicable for the role.
