Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.The Small Business Group (SBG) contributes directly to Facebook’s mission by connecting small businesses with their customers and helping them grow through solutions like pages, advertising, and offers. We succeed when we help our customers grow their business.The SBG team is searching for a Data Scientist. The Data Scientist will use data analysis to understand customer profiles, produce reports to track our business, build models to provide insight into the Small Business customer base, identify opportunities, and impact the strategy of our Product, Marketing, and Sales teams. Ideal candidates love breaking down problems, building solutions, delivering actionable and data-driven insights, and working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.Required SkillsTake advantage of massive amounts of structured data to understand how our customers interact with our product and service offerings.Work within a dedicated pod of data scientists, marketers, and leadership team to drive strategy and execution to achieve revenue and product adoption goals.Work closely with the channel marketing team to plan, execute, report and monitor marketing campaigns.Work closely with other analysts to develop data infrastructure (data pipelines, reports etc.) and other tools to make analytics easier and more effective.Produce ad hoc analyses to aid team in understanding customer behavior, develop POVs, and drive decision-making.Be a thought leader and go-to expert on data resources and tools. Job Requirements Minimum qualificationBA/BS in Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, or other quantitative field2+ years of experience in data science, business strategy, marketing, finance, engineering, or analyticsExperience with SQL or a similar database querying languageExperience with statistical analysis and experimental designExperience working with statistical packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.Development experience in at least one scripting language (Python, JavaScript, etc.)Experience with Small Business landscape and/or online marketing and advertisingCommunication experiencePreferred qualificationExperience working with or in support of diverse communities.Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
