The Company Worldpay is a global payments leader powering international commerce with deep fintech expertise and a shared passion for our customers. Whether in-store, online, or on a mobile device, we process over 40 billion transactions annually and offer more than 300 payment methods supporting 126 currencies across 146 countries. It's the perfect place for exceptional people to take their careers to the next level. The Opportunity Worldpay's growth is one attributed not only to our first-in-class products and services, but also our ability to find new avenues of opportunity. This sense of discovery is thanks to the innovative and visionary work of our Marketing team; a team that leaves no stone unturned in seeking out and exploring new channels for Worldpay. When we are proactive and beating the trends in our marketing strategy, we stay ahead of the competition and assure continued growth and success at Worldpay. The Senior Data Scientist designs and develops methods and systems that have the ability to consolidate and analyze "big data" that generate insights to untapped client solutions. He/she will develop and code software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse large datasets into meaningful information for gathering insight. By being able to draw conclusions from large, disparate sources of data, Worldpay can identify and pursue new areas of growth, preempt trends and continue our exponential growth. A World of Opportunity We're turbo-charging our industry by nurturing the fintech experts needed to help our customers prosper. We don't try to ride the winds of change. We create them. We're proud to be shaping the future of payments by supporting the growth and development of our colleagues. We provide opportunities to learn and the flexibility needed to get the job done. We strive to hire the best and to create a climate where curiosity is king. So, wherever you join us around the world, we'll empower you to fulfill your potential. If this is the kind of career experience you're looking for, we invite you to apply today. The Day-to-Day Responsibilities: * Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse "big data" sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. * Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. * Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. * Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources. * Interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service and business managers. * Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. * Ability to draw on past experience and current data to influence business partners and provide insightful analytics. * Ability to challenge conclusions and impact business outcomes. * Extensive knowledge in M&A transactions and capital structure with ability to work independently to identify deal opportunities and understand transaction and integration process. * Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. * Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. * Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise. * Ability to produce strategic analysis to proactively identify M&A opportunities and perform complex financial modeling and risk assessment. * Understanding of M&A deal structure including tax and capital structure implications and industry best practices. * Ability to perform onsite due diligence of potential acquisition targets. * Ability to influence outcomes and business partner decisions (viewed as trusted business advisor) with extensive subject matter expertise. * Works in larger cross-functional teams with ability to influence senior leaders in Finance and Business. * Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel. Qualifications: * Typically requires a minimum of 8 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree; or 6 years and a Master's degree; or a PhD with 3 years of experience; or equivalent experience. * Advanced degree in Finance or relevant experience in M&A and/or corporate finance/competitive analysis. All the above duties and responsibilities are essential job functions for which reasonable accommodation will be made. All job requirements listed indicate the minimum level of knowledge, skills and/or ability deemed necessary to perform the job proficiently. This position description is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Colleagues may be required to perform any other job-related instructions as requested by their leader, subject to reasonable accommodation. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
