Tacoma Power has a unique opportunity for an asset management professional with a strong data science background and experience with SAP. This position is responsible for managing all aspects of developing, implementing, reporting, and analyzing complex statistical and economic models used informing Tacoma Power's Strategic Asset Management Program. Asset lifecycle optimization and asset risk models developed will support the development and implementation of Asset Management Plans (AMPs) and the Strategic Maintenance Management Program and be used to develop and present recommendations to senior management and the Public Utility Board regarding asset spending decisions and overall asset risk exposure mitigation. This position is part of the centralized Tacoma Power Strategic Asset Management group that provides overall direction and guidance for the program with a Power-wide vision and long range planning and prioritization of efforts with the purpose of advancing the overall level of maturity for the organization and support implementation of Power's strategic plan.

The ideal candidate is self-motivated, enjoys working in teams and has a strong background in developing operational and economic models, developing asset information system strategies and developing risk assessment and mitigation strategies.

You would be joining the Rates, Planning and Analysis team in Tacoma Power. Our culture values innovation, agility and collaboration. We are a collaborative team that is proud to deliver services beyond our customers' expectations. We are looking forward to meeting you and hearing the great ideas you have to help us make a difference in the way we work and thrive at Tacoma Power.

Primary Responsibilities and Accountabilities:

Develop technical reports and write-ups based on data analysis. Train staff in the use of analytical models and tools (e.g., R, SAP, Excel, Crystal Ball, Access, Tableau, etc.).

Create, design, maintain and improve analytical tools for operational data (e.g., R, Crystal Ball, Excel, Access, etc.). Support operating sections in the development and implementation of new plans and methods for collecting data for operational decision making using SAP, GIS and other data tools.

Develop, analyze and interpret complex data using advanced principles and scientific techniques in order to make recommendations for integrated information across different operating platforms, such as SAP, GIS, etc.

Advance Tacoma Power's asset information strategy and data standards using advanced data analysis principles and techniques in coordination with technology staff in TPU and General Government.

Advance the management of asset risk processes and procedures. Lead cross-functional teams to implement Tacoma Power risk framework for consistent assessment of risk across all asset classes. Review and evaluate the accuracy of asset risk assessment work products from a variety of sources.

Develop technical analysis to determine failure probabilities and optimal timing strategies. Apply whole life costing principles in application of models to analyze the costs, risks and benefits of capital and O&M investment options

Specify and validate functional and technical requirements of Information Systems needed to support and integrate asset management processes. Define and plan the integration of information systems and tools.

Develop criteria and effective and relevant processes for asset management data collection. Plan and manage the collection, maintenance and updating, storage and dissemination of asset management information. Provide support and expertise to operating sections to help them change their business practices to close data gaps and implement asset management plans and strategies. This includes creating assets in SAP and creating/maintaining maintenance plans, task lists, measuring points and measurement documents in SAP.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Five years of experience in operational or financial model design, analysis and reporting for the purpose of application of asset management principles and practices

Bachelor's degree in sciences, economics, data sciences, finance or related field

Electric utility experience and knowledge of electric utility equipment strongly desired

Ability to lead cross-functional work teams in the development and implementation of asset risk analysis and mitigation planning and asset data standardization

Demonstrated ability to effectively organize multiple assignments, complex assignments, and competing priorities to produce products that are accurate and on time

Ability to accurately choose from and utilize a variety of mathematical and/or statistical techniques to formulate conclusions or solve practical problems

Strong verbal and written communication skills

KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS:

Problem Solving Intuition

Know how to find and define a problems that need to be solved from data. Define the problem and the solution in a clear and rational process. Assess and understand issues, evaluate options, form accurate conclusions, and make decisions. Make sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems. Ask the right questions to accurately analyze situations. Acquire data from multiple and diverse sources when solving problems. Uncover root causes to difficult problems to support evaluation of pros and cons, risks and benefits of different solution options. Prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive written reports which require displaying and presenting statistical, graphical, and other reporting methods to audiences of varying technical sophistication.

Research

Effectively identify, collect, organize and document data and information in ways that make the information most useful for subsequent assessment, analysis, and investigation. Compile and maintain reports, records and various other forms of pertinent information in an organized and professional manner.

Technical Knowledge

Experience with SAP. Working knowledge of asset information strategic requirements, tools and techniques for data collection and reporting, and methods of data analysis. Knowledge of basic concepts and relationships of an asset register, including the role of spatial, performance, condition and historical data. Knowledge of analysis and monitoring techniques, processes and performance indicators needed to provide management reports on operations and maintenance.

Effective Communication

Effective communication both verbal and in writing including the compilation of reports, presentations and records; interacting respectfully and sensitively with individuals and groups to develop and maintain productive relationships and achieve results. Makes excellent customer service a high priority, responding to changing customer needs, and helping customers implement complete solutions.

Professionalism

Conduct all assignments in a professional and timely manner, work with confidentiality and discretion. Work effectively through complex policy, process, and people-related organizational dynamics. Use a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.

SELECTION PROCESS & SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:

This recruitment is being managed by Rodney Croston, if you would like to be notified of similar opportunities or stay connected with things going on at Tacoma Public Utilities and the City of Tacoma, connect with me on LinkedIn.

City of Tacoma Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

Tacoma's diversity is its greatest asset. Tacoma embraces its multi-cultural and multi-ethnic character. Communities of color and immigrant communities are fundamental to Tacoma's entrepreneurial spirit, workforce, and long-term success. In Tacoma, equity and empowerment are top priorities, meaning that all Tacoma residents must have equitable opportunities to reach their full potential and share in the benefits of community progress. One of our goals is for the City of Tacoma workforce to reflect the community it serves. We actively work to eliminate racial and other disparities and welcome candidates with diverse backgrounds and/or multicultural skill sets and experiences. Our goal is for Tacoma to be an inclusive and equitable place to live, work, and play.

Tacoma Power

Tacoma Power is an almost 100% hydroelectric, municipally-owned public power utility, located in Tacoma. We serve approximately 170,000 customers as one of the three operating divisions of Tacoma Public Utilities, alongside Tacoma Water and Tacoma Rail. As one of the most livable, walkable cities in the country, you'll find that Tacoma is a great fit for all interests with places to bike, run, hike, and explore, the perks of a big city, and the charm of a small town.

The City of Tacoma

Tacoma is one of the nation's healthiest, safest, and most playful cities. We have daily access to stunning natural surroundings and a great quality of life. We are Washington's most diverse big city, with arts, culture, parks, and recreational opportunities that are envied by much larger cities. We recognize how lucky we are, but we know we can make it even better....TOGETHER!

Tacoma is a mid-sized urban port city that sits along the Puget Sound with a population of nearly 210,000. The third largest city in the state of Washington, it is a diverse, progressive international gateway to the Pacific Rim.

Propelled by significant developments such as the University of Washington Tacoma, the Tacoma Link light rail system, the restored urban waterfront of the Thea Foss Waterway, the expansions of both the MultiCare and Franciscan health systems, and a significant influx of foreign direct investment in its downtown core, Tacoma has evolved considerably since the 1990s.

Tacoma boasts the state's highest density of art and history museums, and is home to a flourishing creative community of writers, artists, musicians, photographers, filmmakers, chefs, entrepreneurs, and small business owners who each add their unique flair to the city's vibrant commercial landscape. The iconic Tacoma Dome has endured as a high-demand venue for some of the largest names in the entertainment industry.

A magnet for families looking for affordable housing options in the Puget Sound area, Tacoma also draws those who prefer to live in a more urban downtown setting with competitively priced condos and apartments that feature panoramic mountain and water views.

Tacoma's natural beauty and proximity to the Puget Sound and Mount Rainier draws hikers, runners, bicyclists, and maritime enthusiasts to the area. Its lively social scene is infused with energy by thousands of students attending the University of Washington Tacoma, the University of Puget Sound, the Evergreen State College Tacoma campus, and Tacoma Community College, as well as a number of local trade and technical colleges. Its prime location – just 20 minutes south of the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, 30 miles north of the state capital in Olympia, and within 10 miles of the U.S. Department of Defense's premier military installation on the West Coast – only adds to Tacoma's desirability. To see a few of the great things Tacoma has to offer, view this YouTube Video!

Apply

Interested individuals should apply online and attach a detailed resume and cover letter that includes job experience, major responsibilities and accomplishments related to this position.

Applications will be reviewed as they are received for interview consideration.

Reference checks will be conducted on final candidates and appointment is subject to passing a background check.

Communication from the City of Tacoma:

We primarily communicate via e-mail during the application process. E-mails from cityoftacoma.org and/or governmentjobs.com must be placed on your safe domain list to ensure that you receive notifications in a timely manner. As a precaution, you may also want to check your junk e-mail folders.

If you have any additional questions regarding this position, please contact the Human Resources Department at 253.591.5400.
