The Position

Mission

As a Data Scientist, you will work closely with multi-disciplinary teams to solve complex data problems enabling PD to transform data into actionable insights. You will partner with IT and business stakeholders to co-create data and analytics enabled solutions that help our teams fulfill our mission: to do now what patients need next.

What you’ll be working on

Leverage business acumen and technical expertise to drive the quick creation of high-impact Prototypes/PoCs

Advanced data projects including predictive learning, neural networks, machine learning, anomaly detection, predictive analysis, exploratory data analysis and other data science practices

Generate insights from data, enabling us to optimize business performance. Solve complex data problems and deliver the insight that helps to define our strategy and enable our organisation to reach our patients faster

Collaborate in multidisciplinary agile teams/squads to collect requirements, user specifications, approvals, and verify functionality and usefulness prior to full development of solutions

Collaborate with data engineers, architects and business intelligence specialists to build lasting solutions to our data modeling

The ideal candidate

Passionate about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and experimentation

Education in related fields (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematical Engineering, Information Systems)

At least 7 years of experience in Data Science, knowledge of R or Python and its Data Science libraries

Possesses practical experience with experiments (PoCs), machine learning, deep learning, Neural Networks and other areas of data science, preferably within Biotech or Pharma

Is an independent thinker, able to work autonomously, capable of taking on loosely defined problems and translating complex thinking into practical application for diverse audiences

A communicative person who values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners and enjoys mentoring and teaching others

This position is based in South San Francisco, CA and is not eligible for relocation.

Who We Are

A member of the Roche Group, Genentech has been at the forefront of the biotechnology industry

for more than 40 years, using human genetic information to develop novel medicines for serious and

life-threatening diseases. Genentech has multiple therapies on the market for cancer & other serious

illnesses. Please take this opportunity to learn about Genentech where we believe that our employees

are our most important asset & are dedicated to remaining a great place to work.

The next step is yours. To apply today, click on the "Apply online" button.

Genentech is an equal opportunity employer & prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, disability, marital & veteran status. For more information about equal employment opportunity, visit our .
