Data Scientist  

Our client, a leader in the financial services industry has an immediate need within their Reporting and Analytics Team for a talented Data Scientist. 
Conduct quantitative research to provide insight into client needs and behavior, identify clients with growth opportunity, segment clients for targeted treatment, and create service and product propensity indicators and scores. Engages in thoughtful analytic design to ensure relevant findings. Ensures application of quality controls throughout projects.

 Objectives:            
  Develops queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for statistical modeling. Identifies and diagnoses data inconsistencies and errors, forages to fill data gaps and blazes new data trails. Creates derived characteristics.           
  Designs and develops models to target marketing and service offers. Supports production implementation of models, and validates models. Creates model documentation.           
  Performs deep dive diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics for customer behavioral segmentation, look-alike targeting, growth opportunity estimation and next best action identification.           
  Prepares and delivers insight presentations and action recommendations. Communicates complex material in layman's terms. Educates leaders and crew on analytical findings and implications using storytelling, data visualization and graphical artisanship.           
  Designs analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engages with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probes for hidden questions and goals. Brings structure to each request and translates requirements into an analytic approach.           
  Analyzes data to describe client behavior and preferences, understand channel usage, diagnose client experience problems, size marketing opportunity, target clients for treatment and measure the impact of marketing and servicing initiatives. Identifies and utilizes appropriate analytic methods and specialized tools to generate insights, answer the business questions and fulfill project objectives. Seeks out innovative approaches and techniques.           
  Guides test design, research design and model validation. Provides statistical consultation services. Serves as the analytics expert on cross functional teams for large strategic initiatives.           
  Develops and applies domain knowledge of the business and data to shape the analytic road map.           
  Contributes to the growth of the analytic community.           
  Participates in special projects and performs other duties as required.       Qualifications:             
  Graduate degree in Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics.   PHD is strongly preferred            
  A minimum of five years general experience and five years relevant professional experience in analytical roles.           
  Experience developing creative analytical solutions to marketing and client service problems and opportunities.           
  Able to take disparate data and understand it, process it, extract value from it, visualize it and communicate it.           
  Experience consulting to understand business problems/opportunities, translating needs into analytic projects and applying results.           
  Data wrangling - Programming skills to access, transform and prepare large scale data for statistical modeling.           
  Financial knowledge and Industry specific experience       Required Skills/Attributes:            
  Python           
  R (programming language)           
  Statistical Modelling            
  Cause Analysis            
  Industry experience           
  Graduate degree/PHD preferred      

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Malvern, PA 19355 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-01773
