About Synechron:  
 Synechron, one of the fastest-growing digital, business consulting &amp; technology services providers, is a $500 million firm based in New York. Since inception in 2001, Synechron has been on a steep growth trajectory. With 8000+ professionals operating in 18 countries across the world, it has presence across USA, Canada, UK, France, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Serbia, Hungary, Germany, Italy, UAE, Singapore, Hong Kong, Philippines, Japan, Australia and Development Centers in India.  
For more details, visit us at   http://www.synechron.com   
&nbsp; 
 Synechron Inc.  is looking to hire  Sr. Machine Learning (Data Scientist)  at  New York City, NY.  
&nbsp; 
  Please Note: Final round of In-Person interview is MUST with the client.   
 &nbsp;  
 Role &amp; Responsibilities:   
Candidate will work with the ML &amp; Advanced Analytics team, based out of NY, working on various deliveries. 
This candidate will be reporting to the Local Analytics Lead in NY and work in collaboration global team. 
Candidate will be working hands-on on analytical projects with or without big data development and be responsible for project delivery, execution and support. 
Candidate should be able to work in a dynamic environment with limited or no supervision. 
Should be comfortable and manage time working with global team on multiple initiatives. 
Candidate will be able to extract, explore, mine and experiment with data to answer critical business problems.  
 &nbsp;  
 Primary Skills / Must have:   
8+ years of professional experience working across Analytics &amp; Machine Learning domain. 
Proficiency in machine learning and data mining techniques &ndash; Feature engineering, regression, classification, clustering, time series analysis etc. 
NLP &amp; Text Mining Experience. 
Extensive experience in Data Analysis - Skilled in uncovering insights and identifying patterns. 
Proven experience in predictive modelling using Python. 
Must have strong SQL experience. 
Sound understanding of Statistics. 
Ability to work in fast paced and dynamic environment. 
Excellent Communication and presentation skills 
 Big Data, Hive, Hadoop, Spark, Python, Pyspark.   
 &nbsp;  
 Secondary Skills / Desired skills:   
Expertise in handling large data volumes MPP databases like Teradata/Greenplum 
Experience with visualization tools like Tableau, BOXi exposure will be helpful. 
Experience in Finance Industry 
Experience in Java, Scala or other object oriented programming languages.  
&nbsp; 
 If interested please send in your updated resume to   parimal.bhatter@synechron.com   &nbsp;or you can reach me on 732-593-8332.

Parimal Bhatter   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York City, NY 10014 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services
