Job Description

You will join a growing analytics team that drives Attune’s business model forward by solving some of the most complex analytical problems in the industry. You will partner with the product, revenue, customer service, and underwriting functions within Attune to frequently test new hypotheses, implement learnings and create edge.

Responsibilities include:

Working on initiatives like: understanding user engagement patterns, improving insurance risk predictions, finding the best potential customers to contact, reducing load on our customer service team, and identifying abnormal broker behavior

Creating new predictive models

Exploring new datasets to see how they can add value to the business

Helping to incorporate analyses and models into daily workflows for other departments

Contributing to our ETLs, internal web applications, and BI dashboards

Doing quick ad-hoc analyses and supporting engineers to troubleshoot issues

Qualifications

2-5 years of experience working in an analytics or data focused role

Experience with predictive modeling in general

We are flexible about what tools you've worked with, but comfort in either Python or R is a must, as is basic SQL.

We don't require experience with deep learning or with tools for working with massive data sets.

 Traits for success:

You enjoy working with programmers and other data scientists to constantly improve the integrity and automation of your work. You are frequently sharpening your software skills.

You are well organized and can handle many unrelated requests without losing track of them.

You are quick with numbers and back-of-the-envelope calculations.

You have strong written and verbal communication skills.

You are a hands-on problem solver who is comfortable with ambiguity and loves a fast-paced environment.

You have strong interpersonal skills and are capable of building relationships to drive success.

Additional Information

What we offer you:

An opportunity to change the small business landscape.

A great working environment that lives continuous improvement and encourages sharing ideas and taking risks to find better ways of doing things.

A culture that promotes great relationships both inside the office and outside through activities in our community and company sponsored intramural clubs and events.

Equity compensation.

Medical and 401(k) matching from day one.

Fully stocked kitchens with free snacks & drinks.

Attune Insurance Services, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
