This position is located in the Department of Human Services, Family Services Administration (FSA) possesses skills in programming, statistics, and scientific communication, such that he or she is capable of generating actionable insights from data and then convey those insights to others in compelling graphical, numerical, and narrative forms.

FSA is the District of Columbia’s primary organization to serve individuals and families experiencing or at risk of homelessness. The organization uses data and evidence to drive strategies that will reduce and ultimately end homelessness across the city. In partnership with a robust Continuum of Care(CoC), we provide those on the front lines of homeless services with timely, relevant, and scientifically rigorous evidence that informs the District’s strategies and decision-making processes. We strive to integrate evaluation, including randomized field experiments, into government action so that testing, iterating, and improving becomes standard practice.

Duties and Responsibilities

Applicant must be able to identify and execute on opportunities to harness data analytic approaches that provide insight into and achieve DHS priority goals. Obtain, merge, reshapes, cleans, and evaluates the quality of datasets. Automate data pulls, manipulations, and other role activities to enable efficient agency operations. Use descriptive statistics, predictive analytics, machine learning and other methods to learn about and derive insights from the patterns and relations within a dataset. Uses inferential statistics to learn about the causal relations between variables in a dataset, including randomized field evaluations.

Applicants must also create intuitive and compelling graphics to visualize and think about data. Create data dictionaries, annotated cod, and similar materials to ensure work product is an open and reproducible as possible. Proactively provides and critical feedback as well as being open to such constructive dialogue as part of constantly improving FSA and its collective work output. Writes descriptions and summaries of FSA projects for diverse audiences, including scientific experts, government practitioners, and public stakeholders. Helps to disseminate scientific lessons, tools, and best practices across DHS and the CoC.

Qualifications and Educations

Degree in behavioral or social science; or related disciplines appropriate to the position; Or a combination of education and experience that provided the applicant with knowledge of one or more of the behavioral or social sciences equivalent to a major in the field; Or four years of appropriate experience that demonstrated that the applicant has acquired knowledge of one or more of the behavioral or social sciences equivalent to a major in the field.

Applicants must possess one (1) year of Specialized Experience. Specialized Experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. To be creditable, specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization.

Licenses and Certifications

None

Working Conditions/Environment:

Work is typically performed in an office setting.

Other Significant Facts

Tour of Duty: Monday - Friday 8:00AM-5:00PM

Promotion Potential: None

Duration of Appointment: Career Service – Regular Appointment

Collective Bargaining Unit: This position is covered under a collective bargaining agreement and is subject to union dues through payroll deduction

Pay Plan, Series and Grade: Data Scientist CS-0101-12

Position Designation: This position has been deemed Security Protection Sensitive under the guideline of the DC Personnel Manual. Incumbents of this position are subject to enhanced suitability screening pursuant to Chapter 4 of DC personnel regulations. Accordingly, incumbents must successfully pass a criminal background and consumer credit check as a condition of employment and will be subject to periodic criminal background checks for the duration of their tenure.

EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation.
