Businesses  Pratt & Whitney 
Job ID  01334649 
Date posted  07/15/2019 
City  East Hartford 
State  Connecticut 
Country  United States 


Date Posted: 
2019-07-11-07:00

Country: 
United States of America

Location: 
PW100: East Hartford 400 Main Street, East Hartford, CT, 06118 USA
The sky has no limits!

Flight is an instrument of human progress. It not only gets people where they want to go, it carries humanity to places it never thought possible.

At Pratt & Whitney, you will be part of an evolving, globally diverse company that's moving fast to craft the future of aviation. Customers all over the world depend on our technology and the people behind it. As part of our team you'll help answer today's challenges in powered flight while crafting and supporting tomorrow's solutions.

If you aspire to work in a dynamic environment and possess the motivations to convert new ideas into practice, this may be the opportunity you've been looking for.

Have you considered what it may be like to work at Pratt & Whitney?

We have a rare opportunity for a hardworking Data Scientist, Staff Engineer who will be based in East Hartford, Connecticut.

Control & Diagnostic Systems (CDS) is a dynamic engineering organization focused on development and certification of military, commercial and industrial gas turbine engine control and diagnostic systems. CDS is responsible for all aspects of our engine control and diagnostic system development including: requirements analysis & definition, system & software architecture, algorithm design, and product software design, verification & validation. They integrate design across engine system modules and provide support throughout the complete engine product life cycle.

The Diagnostic, Prognostic and Health Management (DPHM) discipline within CDS develops and deploys groundbreaking diagnostics, prognostics, cutting edge data acquisition systems, analytics, big data platforms, and Usage Based Lifing (UBL) for P&W engines and components. This group also deploys state of the art development tools & methodologies in collaboration with the business. Today, these systems use tools like Python, Matlab, R, Spark and Jupiter to help analyze both emerging and recurring issues for diagnostic and predictive analytics.

Do you have interest in becoming a DPHM Staff Engineer? We are seeking a key team member to participate in the build out of analytic capabilities and insights, and work on a "big data' platform for engines. This meaningful role will give you exposure to a wide variety of engineering challenges and introduce you to both Pratt & Whitney's Next Generation Product Family of engines & legacy commercial programs. In our dynamic organization, you will help to redefine the future of how we build value from a connected engine.

 Responsibilities include:  
Collaborate with engineering team developing next generation data analytics platforms - for both commercial and military applications. 
Collaborate on the application of data science techniques (non-physics based approaches) for engine system predictive purposes. 
Influence operational deployment of data science insights.  
 
Basic Qualifications:   
​ Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Statistics, or Data Science. 
Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Statistics, or Data Science with minimum 5 years of experience in data capture, data transition, data storage and analysis, and data visualization OR Masters Degree in Engineering, Statistics, or Data Science with 4 years of experience in data capture, data transition, data storage and analysis, and data visualization OR PhD Degree in Engineering, Statistics, or Data Science with 2 years of experience in data capture, data transition, data storage and analysis, and data visualization.  
 
Preferred Qualifications:   
Experience with Basic Heat Transfer & Structural Engineering, Data science (software engineering, machine learning), requirements development, and coding. 
Computer language experience with R, Python, Matlab, Java (or similar). 
Tool experience with Hadoop, Apache Spark, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow (or similar).  

Code: 

 
 United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.   


Privacy Policy and Terms: 

 Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms 

 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             East Hartford, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         3 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Manufacturing - Other 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         9825
