Job Description: 

Mastech Digital  provides digital and mainstream technology staff as well as Digital Transformation Services for leading American Corporations. We are currently seeking a 
Data Scientist-Machine Learning NLP  for our client in the 
IT-Consulting  domain. We value our professionals, providing comprehensive benefits, exciting challenges, and the opportunity for growth. This is a 
Contract  position and the client is looking for someone to start immediately.


Duration:  6+ Months Contract


Location:  Hartford, Boston, New York/Exton, PA


Compensation:  Market Rate


Role: Data Scientist-Machine Learning NLP

Primary Skill: Hadoop

Role Description:  The 
Data Scientist-Machine Learning NLP  would need to have at least 4-8 years of experience. In this role as the Scientist/Senior Scientist, you will support the Applied Augmented Intelligence Center of Excellence (CoE).  

In this role you will drive strategy and awareness of AI within the function and the customers. You must have the skills and research experience to join a new team to push the boundaries of pure mathematics, theoretical statistics (incl. parametric and non-parametric Bayesian statistics) and machine learning (incl. deep learning and reinforcement learning).


Required Experience and Skills: 

- Required Skills: Programming skills (Python, Java or C++), Machine learning (Natural Language Processing, Optimization and Linear Algebra).

- PhD degree and/or postdoctoral experience in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, and allied disciplines.

- 4-8 years of experience in production level NLP systems.

- A proven record of publications (in reputed conferences such as NIPS, COLT, UAI, ICML, AISTATS, JMLR, PAMI, CVPR, ICCV, and others). 

- Strong software engineering skills.

- Strong grounding in programming and systems design.

- Strong grounding in machine learning (ML) approaches and techniques.

- Strong interest in researching and implementing new ML related technologies for NLP and CV.

Location can be either Hartford, Boston, New York or Exton. It can be remote with a need to be able to get to the locations.


Education:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Information Technology or another related field or Equivalent. 


Experience:  Minimum 4-8 years


Relocation:  This position will not cover relocation expenses


Travel:  No


Local Preferred:  Yes


Recruiter Name: Pragya Rai

Recruiter Phone: 877-884-8834 (Ext: 2320)

Equal Employment Opportunity 

 


Minimum Education Required:  Bachelor


Years of Experience Required:  3-5 Years


Expected Travel Time:  None 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hartford, CT 06105 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         16116.810889.195494
