Job Description

CallMiner empowers organizations of any size to extract and act on intelligence from customer interactions and feedback, including live and recorded calls, chat, email, social platforms and surveys, for improving customer experience, sales, marketing, compliance, and agent and customer engagement center performance. Highlighted by multiple customer achievement awards, including eight Speech Technology implementation awards in the past six years, CallMiner was recently named a leader in the industry analyst report Forrester New Wave: AI-Fueled Speech Analytics Solutions, Q2 2018.

At CallMiner, we hire great people and challenge them every day. CallMiner team members are passionate about delivering innovative technology solutions and industry leading customer success. Core to our culture is the power of feedback which we leverage to improve our own organization every day in every way. To hear more about what it’s like to work at CallMiner, watch our video at Careers.CallMiner.com.

The AI Research team at CallMiner is looking for industry leading Data Scientists to continue our growth in advance ML techniques. As a conversational AI company, we have an amazing set of data, combined with powerful hardware and tools to develop industry leading solutions. Typically, we collect millions of phone-calls each day, that equals to billions of words. We are not looking for just anyone to work on our team, we have a research group that is intelligent, and driven to discover. Much of our research is on the theoretical approaches new to the world and finding cutting edge solutions to problems yet to be discovered.

We believe in a fun, self-driven environment, that is as much about the art of data, as it is about the science. As a senior member of the AI modeling team, the primary role is research around creating modeling solutions which drive product and organizational improvement in the real-world using AI.

We are looking for a person who enjoys finding new ways to extract insights from the general and specific models. Develop and manage hypotheses to modeling solutions through a team by leading and actively doing as well. If you have a deep desire to understand and learn from various modeling techniques and approaches, we are the right place. The ability to learn from failure is a must due to the theoretical nature of the research. On top of all of that, we are a fun place to work.

Cool stuff you will be doing, includes:

Work on data and business problems to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models.

Have a wholistic understanding of the business impact of modeling in research, operations, software development, and implementation.

Use best practices to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs.

Use and continue to learn a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., Python, Neural Networks, parallel processing).

Research language and tools from the latest industrial and academic sources that can improve efficiency or introduce new product to our clients.

Collaborates with team members in research and other departments in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling.

Qualifications:

Masters or PhD preferred in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Social Sciences, Finance, Computational Linguistics, or Economics.

3-5 years of experience in Machine Learning.

Experience in using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models that have driven company decision making.

Excited to learn new algorithms and techniques in the general field of AI.

Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets, ideally related to Speech Recognition, Audio Signal Processing, or Natural Language Processing.

Ability to code and develop models in languages such as Python and R.

Knowledge of advanced modeling techniques such as Neural Networks.

Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this to others with different levels of technical expertise.
