At Montana State Fund, serving the businesses of Montana is what we do and it’s who we are. It’s what makes us different. We partner with employers and their employees to care for those injured on the job and we champion a culture of workplace safety for our fellow Montanans.

We are looking for a Data Scientist that will put their experience and passion for data wrangling to work as part of the Montana State Fund IT Enterprise Applications team.

Do you enjoy the process of data munging to help generate insights and predictions by mashing up distinctive data sets, generating algorithms and models using statistical analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?

How about testing hypotheses through statistical inferential techniques and visualizing outcomes?

Do you pride yourself on your excellent client and business interaction skills as well as your outstanding written and verbal communication skills?

Do you have demonstrated expertise in using data, understanding data models and working effectively with data engineering and business teams? If you have general insurance experience, that is an added plus.

The IT Enterprise Applications Team provides a high level of complex technical solutions across the organization to support both internal and external customers. This is an excellent opportunity for an IT professional with data wrangling experience to provide key contributions with a team of passionate, motivated individuals. If you want to make a difference working on engaging and dynamic challenges to facilitate data analytics and use initiatives, read on to learn more about this exciting opportunity to join the Montana State Fund team!

About the Role

Independently and interdependently design and implement complex technical solutions. Apply principles of engineering to the design, development, maintenance, testing and evaluation of the enterprise solutions and systems. Provide technical leadership for highly complex business analytics or insurance products and projects, as well as, deliver superior business value to enterprise stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Provides technical leadership for highly complex insurance products or data applications; defines, analyzes and creates solutions for projects utilizing various development methodologies. Leads matrixed project teams, insurance business SMEs and on/off shore technical experts in developing the solution design, assigns tasks to project teams, tracks progress, verifies completion of assignments according to development standards. Identifies issues / risks, escalates and reports to appropriate levels of stakeholders. (40%)

Analyze, design and develop artifacts according to best practices, standards and specifications. (30%)

Analyze existing systems built on MSF technologies for improvements and evaluate proposed systems for feasibility and architectural compliance. Provide systems analysis, user support, and develops program specifications and reusable components for specific business applications. (20%)

Provide technical expertise, advice and mentoring to other IT and insurance business professionals regarding the application of complex systems analysis and design to business problems. (10%)

Required Skills

Key Activities

Provide leadership on large projects spanning onsite and remote business and technical teams.

Analyze existing systems, develop artifacts, and establish, implement and maintain specific systems, while monitoring and supervising systems performance.

Analyze requirements for feasibility and users’ needs and design, develop, debug and unit test using MSF technologies for commercial business applications.

Prepare business documentation and conduct user training.

Custom design specific programs for enterprise and user needs, to support business processes, provide specific technical awareness, insight and documentation as appropriate to departments and users.

Perform extensive functional testing of modules post-customization.

Ensure that systems continue to function normally through maintenance and testing, execute production failure trouble shooting.

Work with other solution design engineers, architects and other cross functional IT professionals to design tools and enhancements and write code to fulfill enterprise objectives and needs

Liaise with business /stakeholders on project status, proposals and technical issues.

Design and develop solutions/models as applicable, using scientific analysis and mathematical techniques to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design.

Prepare reports or correspondence concerning project specifications, activities, or status.

Store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of capabilities and requirements, generate useful and actionable business insights.

Complete special projects as assigned.

Required Experience

What You'll Need (Minimum Qualifications)

Required:

Bachelor degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Computer Science or related field;

And

7 years of work experience that includes:

At least 3 years of directly related work experience utilizing the following Montana State Fund required technologies:

Python

R

Natural Language Toolkit

Remainder sum of required 7 years of experience (up to 4 years) can consist of the following Montana State Fund similar/related technologies:

NoSQL Databases

MongoDB

Cassandra

Must be open to and have the ability learning other programming language(s) as necessary along with innovative and creative analytical skills to resolve design issues.

Preferred:

Bachelor degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Computer Science or related field.

Minimum 4 years of directly related work experience utilizing MSF required technologies (in addition to similar technology experience mentioned above).

Relevant technical and/or insurance certifications.
