Sr Data Scientist- Assortment Optimization

 - (19036466)

About H-E-B

H-E-B is one of the largest, independently owned food retailers in the nation operating over 400 stores throughout Texas and Mexico, with annual sales generating over $25 billion. Described by industry experts as a daring innovator and smart competitor, H-E-B has led the way with creative new concepts, outstanding service and a commitment to diversity in our workforce, workplace and marketplace. H-E-B offers a wealth of career opportunities to our 109,000+ Partners (employees), competitive compensation and benefits program and comprehensive training that lead to successful careers.

H-E-B's Corporate Planning and Analysis Team develops and maintains budgets and financial systems while providing current, reliable financial data, analysis, and technical information.

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will take technical lead on data science projects, combining predictive analytics, machine learning, data modeling, and business acumen to assist in decision-making for complex business problems across multiple business areas. You won't just report the data; you'll also build it, its attributes, and its parameters, while tailoring People-friendly solutions to emerging business challenges.

Once you're eligible, you'll become an Owner in the company, so we're looking for commitment, hard work, and focus on quality and Customer service. 'Partner-owned' means our most important resources-People-drive the innovation, growth, and success that makes H-E-B The Greatest Retailing Company.

Do you have a:

HEART FOR PEOPLE... willingness to take a break from algorithmic thinking and detecting to translate and share your findings with a variety of business customers?

HEAD FOR BUSINESS... skills to blend mass data-wrangling with business acumen?

PASSION FOR RESULTS... ability to generate business-valued questions and data-driven solutions?

We are looking for:

experience in a retail-related data / decision science role

expertise in data science techniques and statistical programming languages

someone with a curious and inquisitive nature

What is the work?

Analytics / Design & Development:

Independently and collaboratively explores, develops, and delivers solutions to meet business needs

Applies in-depth technical knowledge to create / implement Customer-centric solutions to complex business problems across multiple business areas

Independently converts business management questions into analyzable problems and provide solutions

Develops / applies algorithms, and mines, analyzes complex unstructured data sets to recommend / implement solutions

Researches, analyzes, models, and reports on organizational data in support of Team projects; influences top decision-makers

Advising:

Collaborates closely / follows through with business owners to answer management questions and recommend actions

Presents Team findings and solutions to senior management and top leadership

Mentoring:

Mentors and develops less experienced Partners

What is your background?

Bachelor's degree in statistics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or a related quantitative field; graduate degree a plus

- 4 - 8 years of professional experience in a data / decision science role, preferably in retail or other consumer-facing industries

Expertise in / deep knowledge of typical data science techniques, such as classification, regression and optimization

Experience / proficiency in statistical programming languages, such as R, SAS, SPSS, etc.

Expertise in business domain

Experience / proficiency in one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Perl, Java, or Ruby

Experience / proficiency in relational databases, such as Teradata (preferred) or Oracle, and SQL

Do you have what it takes to be a Data Scientist at H-E-B?

Familiarity with

- machine learning packages like KNIME, RapidMiner

- Hadoop, distributed file systems, and Big Data ecosystems

- BI tools, such as MicroStrategy

Advanced presentation, solution-selling, and influencing skills

Strong project management, time management, organization skills

Proficient MS Office skills

Ability to work comfortably with imperfect / incomplete data and create solutions / best practices to address data issues

Ability to work comfortably in a fast-paced retail environment with frequently shifting priorities

Ability to independently build scalable solutions to answer business questions

Ability to communicate analytical findings to a variety of audiences, including senior management, and refine such findings into actionablerecommendations

Initiative; willingness to take risks

Can you...

Function in a fast-paced, retail, office environment

Travel by car or airplane with overnight stays

Sit for an extended period of time

Work extended hours

Primary Location US-TX-San Antonio

Work Locations Headquarters-Arsenal 646 S. Flores San Antonio 78204

Job Data Science C

Organization Corporate Region

Shift Standard

Job Type Full-time

Job Posting Jul 19, 2019, 8:49:27 PM Unposting Date Aug 19, 2019, 4:59:00 AM
