Description:                      
TPA's Southborough MA client is looking for a Data Scientist.         
          
Job Purpose:         
Participate in the research, development, technology transfer, and production implementation efforts for biometric and machine learning based software products and systems.         
Requirements                    
A Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field.           
6+ years of software development experience.           
6+ years of data science / machine learning experience.           
Experience in speech recognition, speaker recognition (identification, verification, and authentication), language and dialect identification, speech coding, and topic spotting from speech and text.           
Experience with SQL, Linux/Unix                  
Preferred Qualifications:                    
Experience with publication record in creditable scientific journals.           
Experience with Neural Network based techniques.           
Experience with Google / AWS Cloud Computing.           
Experience with coding audio based feature extraction algorithms.           
Experience with the following:           
MATLAB, NumPy, SciPy, SciKit, BLAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow           
Databases: Postgresql, Oracle, MYSQL           
Languages:  Bash, Python, SQL, Go, C, CUDA                  
                   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Southborough, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Business Services - Other 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         10163
