Are you ready to advance your career at a Fortune 100 company?

Overview:

Liberty Mutual’s Global Risk Solutions (GRS) organization is seeking an experienced professional that can drive the development and implementation of predictive analytics solutions across various businesses in a $11B portfolio. In this role, you will have opportunities to work side by side with data scientists and interact with underwriting, regional actuaries and IT to tackle challenging projects. These initiatives are aimed at improving pricing sophistication and efficient growth to enable the profitable growth in medium-large commercial insurance and specialty space.

About The Team:

What we do: Extract knowledge or insights from data and deliver it in a manner which supports the underwriting decision process

How we do it: Demonstrate data science and actuarial techniques plus business expertise to develop predictive models

Why we do it: Arm our underwriters with the best in-class tools to gain competitive advantage

Responsibilities:

This position requires candidates with experience in data preparation and analysis, statistical methods and tools, and extensive knowledge of insurance products.

Utilizes advanced analytics techniques to solve business problems. May regularly utilize, update and adapt predictive modeling tools and/or focus on the application of the tools

Work extensively with key partners across GRS to understand business needs, vet opportunities, and deliver analytically-based solutions and tools to drive business results

Develop & deliver presentations to communicate technical ideas and analytical finding to non-technical partners and senior leadership, including underwriters and IT technicians

Leads low to moderately complex projects, while providing technical and analytical assessments of issues facing the business.

Drive projects execution and implement a robust plan for measuring success

May lead discussions with senior leadership at the department or functional level

Qualifications:

Advanced degree in a quantitative field plus a minimum 2 years of related experience required, including some exposure to modeling or advanced analytics

Knowledge of property/casualty insurance principles, especially underwriting and ratemaking concepts is a plus.

Broad understanding of core statistical and ML techniques with prior experience analyzing data and building models in a statistical programming language (e.g., SAS, R, Python, etc.)

Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and technologies and adapt to changes and demands in fast-paced, dynamic environment, including drawing conclusions and making decision from imperfect and disparate datasets

Strong analytical, strategic, project management, decision-making and problem-solving skills.

Good written and verbal communication skills, as well as confirmed ability to effectively present technical concepts to non-technical individuals within and outside the organization

Benefits:

We value your hard work, integrity and dedication to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits

Overview:

At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We craft an inspired, reciprocal environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.

We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to outstanding places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement

Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace an environment that is free from all discrimination in the workplace, in its business, or by its vendors. Liberty Mutual values diversity and the differences and similarities of our employees. We foster a diverse and inclusive work environment that leads to better ideas, stronger teams and more innovative products and services for our customers.
