Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions – decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)

We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data – we’ve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.

Build risk tools that optimize science & art – you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.

Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Don’t take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.

Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.

Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist

Curiosity, Grit, and Humility

5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role

Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required

Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field

A toolkit of modern data science techniques

Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK

Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks

Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel

Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3

Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming

Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm
