Duties

Summary

This position is located in the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA), Veterans Experience Office (VEO), Enterprise Measurement & Design (EMD), Office of Advanced Analytics (OAA) Program Office. The VEO serves as a catalyst for transforming the VA's culture, processes, and capabilities to put the needs, expectations, and interests of Veterans and beneficiaries first.

Responsibilities

The first 50 candidates who applied will be considered for referral to the selecting official. Additional candidates in increments of 50 will be referred based on hiring needs .

Work Schedule: M-F 8am - 4:30pm

Compressed/Flexible Schedule: Not available

Telework : Available

Virtual : This is not a virtual position.

Position Description Title/PD#: Statistician (Data Scientist)/ PD# 17575A

Physical Requirements: The work is primarily sedentary. Some walking, standing, bending, and carrying of light item (e.g., paper books, computer print-outs) may be necessary.

Major Duties:

The position is an expert in data science and advanced analytics supporting veterans experience measurements and other customer insights implementing and coding solutions for machine learning, natural language processing, deep learning based on advanced analytics (AA), data science, and artificial intelligence techniques; the outcomes will be used by the Secretary and Department Senior Executives to drive enterprise improvements in Veterans experience, agency-wide.

Designs and develops solutions for advanced analytics and data analytics problems requiring natural language processing, machine learning, data science, and artificial intelligence techniques, will analyze databases, VA reports (quantitative and qualitative), and social media resources, etc.; coordinates and oversees the collection, analysis, and reporting of findings of a wide variety of data.

Applies complex statistical modeling and other qualitative and quantitative data to data problems; forecasts, and evaluates complex data, and formulates new metrics such "trust in VA" and new theories about possible operational improvements that would solve for customer pain points.

Extract large quantity of data from several databases, business practices and business rules pertaining to any Customer Experience (CX) data and other control points of failure or data points of efficiencies.

Clean the data that is acquired and format it into a structure so that it can be analyzed and evaluated to measure up to the requirements. Identifies the source(s) where data or knowledge may be stored by conducting information-gathering sessions with teams and offices.

Evaluate, analyze, and identify business rule and/or business process efficiencies/deficiencies from the obtained data. Identify trends.

Evaluate patterns to prepare predictive analytics (what will happen in the future), prescriptive analytics (how can we make it happen), diagnostic analytics (why did it happen), and/or descriptive analytics (what happened) to the requirement.

Simulate potential solutions to the business process or business rule deficiencies/efficiencies.

Codes in Python to model predictive solutions to the business process or business rule deficiencies/efficiencies and provide as needed.

Codes in Python to create statistical/mathematical models or any theoretical or applied algorithms to model potential solutions to the business process or business rule deficiencies/efficiencies using machine learning, natural language processing, deep learning, and various advanced analytics techniques.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel ocassionaly for this position.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

14

Job family (Series)

1530 Statistics

Similar jobs

Statisticians

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this job

Subject to a background/suitability investigation

Designated and/or random drug testing may be required

May serve a probationary period

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959

A complete application package; Resume, Transcripts, etc.

Selected applicants will be required to complete an online onboarding process

Qualifications

To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

Selective Placement Factor: This position includes a skill, knowledge, ability or other worker characteristic basic to -and essential for- satisfactory performance of the job. Selective Placement Factors are a prerequisite to appointment and represent minimum requirements for a position. Applicants who do not meet it are ineligible for further consideration. Evidence of the Selective Placement Factor must be reflected in your resume.

The Selective Placement Factor for this position is: Documented experience as an expert in Python programming language to code for solving problems using advanced analytics, machine learning, natural language processing, deep learning, or data science based programmatic use cases.

Specialized Experience: GS-14 grade level: One year of specialized experience (equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the federal service); experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) and other characteristics to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled, in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Specialized experience includes: documented experience in implementing statistical and predictive modeling concepts in data science, advanced analytics, and artificial intelligence (machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing) with the ability to describe analytic processes, including when and why specific approaches are favored; has documented experience in communicating and executing product decisions and product launches; has documented experience in statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning and deep learning approaches, and has documented expertise in data cleansing, data integration techniques to connect to data assets, and predictive modeling using Python; has documented experience in Python programming language working with large data sets and relational databases.

AND

Do you possess a Degree: that included 15 semester hours in statistics (or in mathematics and statistics, provided at least 6 semester hours were in statistics), and 9 additional semester hours in one or more of the following: physical or biological sciences, medicine, education, or engineering; or in the social sciences including demography, history, economics, social welfare, geography, international relations, social or cultural anthropology, health sociology, political science, public administration, psychology, etc. Credit toward meeting statistical course requirements should be given for courses in which 50 percent of the course content appears to be statistical methods, e.g., courses that included studies in research methods in psychology or economics such as tests and measurements or business cycles, or courses in methods of processing mass statistical data such as tabulating methods or electronic data processing.

(Transcripts required.)

OR

A combination of education and experience including 15 semester hours in statistics (or in mathematics and statistics, provided at least 6 semester hours were in statistics), and 9 additional semester hours in one or more of the following: physical or biological sciences, medicine, education, or engineering; or in the social sciences including demography, history, economics, social welfare, geography, international relations, social or cultural anthropology, health sociology, political science, public administration, psychology, etc, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience should have included a full range of professional statistical work such as (a) sampling, (b) collecting, computing, and analyzing statistical data, and (c) applying statistical techniques such as measurement of central tendency, dispersion, skewness, sampling error, simple and multiple correlation, analysis of variance, and tests of significance..

(Transcripts required.)

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Note: A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment.

Education

Note: Only education or degrees recognized by the U.S. Department of Education from accredited colleges, universities, schools, or institutions may be used to qualify for Federal employment. You can verify your education here: http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/ .

If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education.

Additional information

VA supports the use of telework as a way to help attract and retain talented individuals in public service, increase worker productivity, and better prepare the agency to operate during emergencies. This position may be authorized for telework. Telework eligibility will be discussed during the interview process.

The Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) and Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) provide eligible displaced VA competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. To be well-qualified, applicants must possess experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors if applicable, and must be proficient in most of the requirements of the job. Information about ICTAP and CTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website which can be found at https://www.opm.gov/ .

Receiving Service Credit for Earning Annual (Vacation) Leave: Federal Employees earn annual leave at a rate (4, 6 or 8 hours per pay period) which is based on the number of years they have served as a Federal employee. VA may offer newly-appointed Federal employee's credit for their job-related non-federal experience or active duty uniformed military service. This credited service can be used in determining the rate at which they earn annual leave. Such credit must be requested and approved prior to the appointment date and is not guaranteed.

This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

If you are unable to apply online view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application .

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. Applicants will be referred in alphabetical order.

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Not Required

Drug test required

No

Required Documents

Required Documents

Documents Accepted:

Resume

Transcript

Documents Required:

Resume

Please review the above list(s) to ensure you have included all necessary documents required for your application.Not every applicant will require the same documents, therefore it is the applicants responsibility to ensure that their application package includes all necessary documents to determine qualifications and eligibility for appointment, such as a copy of your SF-50, transcript, ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). You will not be contacted for additional information. Applicants will be deemed ineligible if supporting documentation is not submitted.

Veterans' Preference: Since the Direct-Hire Recruitment Authority is being used, traditional Veterans' Preference rules do not apply. Qualified veterans will, however, be given full consideration for this position.

Applications are accepted online. Applying online will allow you to review and track the status of your application.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
