Ref ID: 04951-0011057240Classification: Business AnalystCompensation: DOEPlease email resume to mandy.ogle@rht.com for consideration. Robert Half Technology's client in Uptown Dallas is seeking a Data Scientist to join their organization as a direct hire, full time employee. Summary: Will serve as an internal consultant, collaborating across teams and departments and using modern analytics technology to enhance the company?s ability to assess contractor risk. Deliverables will include strong data visualizations, insightful statistical analyses, advanced analytical models, and presentation of impactful data narratives to internal and external customers. The employee will also use analytical and technology skills to optimize internal data operations through business process automation and enhanced operational reporting. Primary Responsibilities: ? Use data technology skills to gather and understand large data sets ? Collaborate with subject matter experts to gain greater context to data and related processes ? Provide reliable access to high quality data through dashboards and reports ? Present summarized procedures, results, and business recommendations ? Participate in researching new predictive analytics methods and visualization approaches that facilitate decision making and risk scorecarding ? Support and participate in the organization?s Continual Improvement Program to conform to ISO 9001 requirements by complying with the Quality Policy and procedures and meeting QMS objectives ? All employees have a professional duty to provide any information related to security issues, incidents or situations that present a potential security risk to the different teams. Job Requirements Requirements Education and Training ? Graduate degree (Master?s or above) in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, MIS, Applied Statistics or related quantitative field ? Relevant work experience considered Knowledge/Skills ? Proficient in database and data manipulation tools ? SQL (and add-on services), Alteryx ? Proficient in computational programming, modeling and machine learning tools ? Python, SAS, R, Weka ? Proficient in data visualization tools ? Tableau, Power BI, Qlik ? Demonstrates initiative, entrepreneurialism, and creativity ? Ability to make decisions in ambiguous environment ? Ability to interpret data and iterate approaches to identify best solutionsTechnology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
