Data Scientist - Cincinnati, Ohio - 125k-150k Skills and Experience:-Data Extraction-Data Mining ( PowerBi, SAS, JMP)-Data Reducing-Predictive Modeling-Statistical Foundations-Developing Analytic models (word2vec, LDA)-Correlation Analysis-Education, Licenses, Certifications-System Simulation (Markov, Monte Carlo)-MapReduceBenefits-401(k) Retirement Savings Plan-Cash Balance Pension Plan-Medical/Dental/Life Insurance-Health Savings Account-Domestic Partners Coverage-Full complement of personal and professional benefitsIf you are interested in this position, please contact me (Marie Alexandra Osmena) at (646)863-7573 and send your resume to my email address - m.osmena@jeffersonfrank.com. Additionally, if you have any additional questions, comments, or concerns regarding benefits and salary, please do not hesitate to contact me. Interviews are in progress! So please reach out to me ASAP , as this opportunity will most likely be off the market in the near future.Jefferson Frank is the global leader in Amazon Web Services recruiting. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS. Job Requirements Data Scientist - Cincinnati, Ohio - 125k-150k Skills and Experience: •Data Extraction •Data Mining ( PowerBi, SAS, JMP) •Data Reducing •Predictive Modeling •Statistical Foundations •Developing Analytic models (word2vec, LDA) •Correlation Analysis •Education, Licenses, Certifications •System Simulation (Markov, Monte Carlo) •MapReduce Benefits •401(k) Retirement Savings Plan •Cash Balance Pension Plan •Medical/Dental/Life Insurance •Health Savings Account •Domestic Partners Coverage •Full complement of personal and professional benefits If you are interested in this position, please contact me (Marie Alexandra Osmena) at (646)863-7573 and send your resume to my email address - m.osmena@jeffersonfrank.com. Additionally, if you have any additional questions, comments, or concerns regarding benefits and salary, please do not hesitate to contact me. Interviews are in progress! So please reach out to me ASAP , as this opportunity will most likely be off the market in the near future. Jefferson Frank is the global leader in Amazon Web Services recruiting. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
