Puget Sound Energy is looking to grow our community with like-minded, top talented individuals like you! With our rapidly growing, award winning energy efficiency programs, our pathway to an exciting and innovative future is now.

PSE's Customer Solutions team is looking for qualified candidates to fill an open Sr Data Scientist position!

Job Description

The Senior Customer Insights Analyst works in a team that is designed to attain the company’s strategic goals via the extensive use of data and analysis to drive decisions and actions. He/she is responsible for the continuous improvement of PSE’s competitiveness as an energy partner in the northwest through an analytical focus on customer experience.

Job Responsibilities

Deep data analysis to identify opportunities to improve customer experience.

Acquires data and conducts research to evaluate and analyze evolving priorities.

Employs advanced statistical methodology to support management decision making.

Performs customer survey analytics/modeling and participates in survey design.

Develop predictive models, propensity models, customer segmentation schemas, etc. to drive personalized messaging and increase customer engagement

Uses data analysis to create performance metrics that align with company goals.

Provides leadership for cross-functional projects.

Assists in the implementation of tools and strategies within business units.

Creates, tests, and/or trains on the use of data analysis tools.

Effectively communicates and collaborates across groups to provide customer intelligence to the organization.

Proactively researches industry trends, opportunities and risks.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, finance or other relevant field.

7 years experience in an analytic role using financial, industry, and/or customer data research and analysis to drive decision making.

Proficiency in applying quantitative methods (regression analysis, time-series analysis, Monte Carlo simulation, discrete event simulation, linear and non-linear optimization)

Strong working knowledge of SQL and Excel (Tableau is a plus)

Proficiency with statistical analysis software (e.g. R, SAS).

Advanced analytical and problem solving skills with a natural instinct for innovation and pragmatic 'out-of-the- box' thinking.

Ability to synthesize large quantities of data into actionable information.

Strong oral and written communications skills. Able to distill complex solutions and ideas into concise media for audiences in all levels of the company.

A leader and collaborator who is comfortable in an environment where priorities and context change rapidly.

Desired Qualifications

Graduate degree in mathematics, statistics, economics or finance or 8 years of related experience.

Experience working with 3rd party advanced simulation and statistical tools.

Data mining and management experience.

Experience working with Hadoop and/or SAP HANA

Knowledge of web analytics tools such as Google Analytics and Webtrends

Additional Information

Families and businesses depend on PSE to provide the energy they need to pursue their dreams. Our steadfast commitment to serving Washington communities with safe, dependable and efficient energy started in 1873. Today we're building the Northwest's energy future through efforts like our award winning energy efficiency programs and our leadership in renewable energy.

At PSE we value and respect our employees and provide them opportunities to excel. We offer an expansive pay package that includes competitive compensation, annual goals-based incentive bonuses, comprehensive benefits, 401(K), a company paid retirement pension plan, and an employee assistance and wellness program.

Puget Sound Energy is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, veteran status or presence of a disability that with or without reasonable accommodation does not prevent performance of the essential functions of the job. Should you have a disability that requires assistance and/or reasonable accommodation with the job application process, please contact the Human Resources Staffing department at jobs@pse.com or 425-462-3017.
