Our world needs ideas! As one of the world’s most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors – from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber – for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 14,500 employees from 70 nations.

At our North America headquarters in Ann Arbor, MI, we are currently looking for two Data Scientists I.

The Data Scientist I will be responsible for supporting product, sales, marketing, supply chain and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. He/She will also be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for products and process optimization and using Machine Learning models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action.

Your Tasks Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. (25%)

Design statistical and machine learning models for getting desired insights out of the data that is being collected. (25%)

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, supply chain management and other business outcomes. (25%)

Develop AI/ML, Deep Learning & NLP models and algorithms to apply to data sets

Your Profile Bachelor’s Degree in Data Science required; Master’s Degree in Data Science, Mathematics or relevant field

Minimum of 3 months in an internship in a related field

Experience in analyzing structured and unstructured data and building AI/ML models for Predictive Analytics

Able to utilize analytical algorithms for Customer Insights, Predictive Analytics, Text Mining and Segmentation, Data Visualization

Proficient with Python programming language and its Data Science libraries - Pandas, NumPy, Scikit, etc.

Must have excellent communication, collaboration and Teamwork skills

Sustainability is one of WACKER’s corporate goals – also as an employer.We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. Thatis why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.
