ROLE SUMMARY   
Digital’s Science and Clinical Analytics and Informatics will partner across Pfizer Digital Technology to drive new capabilities for reuse of cross domain data and information that enables portfolio decision making and precision medicine.  Digital will drive and support cross border (internal/external) data reuse, provide a hub to connect and share reuse best practices from leaders and initiatives, and identify, develop and host data and information services that reach across domains, enable reuse and build trust in R&D data and scientific information. 
The Digital SCAI team connects various stakeholders to drive new capabilities for reuse of cross domain data and information that enables portfolio decision making and enhances clinical trials.  This is accomplished through a focus on the secondary use of data from inside and outside the organization, analyzed by a team of data scientists with experience and/or training in health sciences to identify, describe and analyze gaps in data access, relationships, lineage or tools in response to business requests to perform new or novel information analyses that advance our portfolio or influence the external environment. 
Sr manager data scientist is a very important role to advance predictive data analyses strategies, and innovative methods generating valuable insights using numerous internal and external data sources. The data scientist will provide leadership in maximizing the value of Pfizer’s investments in big data and analytics capabilities. She/he will work in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment as the competitive landscape and data strategies keep changing rapidly. 



ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES    
The Sr manager data scientist will:  
Locate and analyze different types of relevant data from inside and outside of Pfizer to answer novel research, development, or commercial questions. 
Provide leadership to and execute projects that help discover novel targets and bio markers, enhance clinical trials and reposition Pfizer’s drug products in collaboration with business partners that have diverse scientific, informatics and business management skills and experiences. 
Create prototypes, predictive models and demonstrations to help articulate the value of insights for advancing the science and business 
Develop Proof-of-Concept (POC) utilities for use in answering business questions with innovation, value generation and competitive edge as key differentiators; provide thought leadership and architectural know-how to scale up these utilities for mainstream use by broader scientific and business community. 
Lead Business initiatives and support Pfizer Digital’s Bold Moves 
Produce actionable data presentations and visualizations that are intuitive, effective and insightful for decision makers at senior levels throughout the organization 
Define and execute technology POCs using cutting edge, state of the art and often unproven technologies  




BASIC QUALIFICATIONS     
A minimum of a bachelors’ degree with 7+ years of experience or a PhD 3+ years’ experience required 
Data analysis experience with heterogeneous data types and familiarity of big data, analytics and/or data mining environments in the biological sciences. 
5+ years of programming experience with one or more analytics tool (Python, SAS, R or SQL) 
3+ years with a data visualization tool (e.gs., R, Spotfire, Tableau) 
Machine Learning and predictive modeling skills: Ability to build and manage models to predict future outcomes using data that is often incomplete and/or imperfect and contained in disparate sources. 
Statistical analysis: Ability to understand and improve possible limitations in models. 
Hypothesis testing: In collaboration with scientific and business partners, able to develop hypotheses and test them with careful experiments. 
Demonstrated capabilities in analyzing heterogeneous datasets; Ability to identify trends, identify outliers and find patterns 
Demonstrated experience in accessing and analyzing research, clinical and/or safety data 
Superior analytical skills required; Strong verbal and written communication skills 
The ideal candidate would be able to work independently with the ability to prioritize activities  




PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS    
Pharmaceutical industry experience preferred 
Understanding of Pharmaceutical R&D data preferred 
An understanding of business processes in one or more pharmaceutical domains including discovery, research, clinical, regulatory or safety would be strong plus 
Experience with Jupyter Notebooks and/or Shiny applications is a plus 
2+ years of data science experience with artificial Intelligence and natural language processing/text mining and/or exposure would be big plus. 
Demonstrated understanding of data management principles is a plus 
Experience with Electronic Medical Record and Claims data and/or public datasets a plus 
Experience in the use of semantic technologies to query unstructured data and/or experience leveraging cloud-based data storage solutions are desirable.  



PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS   
 
Ability to perform mathematical calculations 
Ability to perform complex data analysis  



NON-STANDARD WORK SCHEDULE, TRAVEL OR ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS    
 
10-20% of travel, mostly within the United States.  


 
Sunshine Act   
  Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations.  These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure.  Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act.  Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government.  If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.    

 
EEO & Employment Eligibility    
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status.  Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA.  Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.  
 
    
Last Date to Apply to Job: 8/16/19 
Employee Referral Bonus Eligible N (Other) (United States of America)

         Pfizer is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable equal employment opportunity legislation in each jurisdiction in which it operates.           

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Cambridge, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4903_4761378
