Primarily responsible for analyzing available datasets, and building visualizations that surface actionable insights (usually via dashboards) for data-informed decision making purposes, supporting the mission of the Analytics Program and the University at large.

This position requires strong problem solving skills and a drive to continue learning as technology and desired outcomes change. The position is expected to align business needs with data analysis approaches and solutions, and show a deep understanding of, and desire to contribute to, standards and best practices that benefit the overall analytics mission. The position will focus on delivery and extraction of useful & actionable insights from large datasets.

Minimum Qualifications

Mid-career with Masters and 1-2 yrs experience; Bachelors and 2-4 yrs experience or equivalent education and experience in an developer/integrations role required.

Additional Required Certifications, Licensures, and Certificates

Preferred Qualifications

Strongly Preferred:

Ability to design and implement data visualizations that make information accessible and understandable to all stakeholders regardless of statistical experience

Ability to apply statistical concepts in order to analyze data efficiently and effectively

Experience analyzing big data and creating solutions that scale efficiently

Experience with applicable development/analysis languages. Examples: R, Python, SQL, SAS, SPSS, MATLAB, Scala

Experience working with Git for source control preferred.

Experience working with systems including but not limited to: Google Cloud Platform (GCP), MS Azure, ServiceNow, Splunk, and other infrastructure service data sources preferred.

Special Instructions to Applicants

Applicants have the option to provide the names, email addresses, and phone numbers of at least three (3) contacts to provide Letters of Recommendation, in the References section of the electronic application. These contacts will be solicited by the SpartanTalent system via email, and asked to provide a confidential Letter of Recommendation on behalf of the applicant. This will occur once an applicant has successfully submitted his/her application.

Applicants are required to upload the following documents with their electronic application:

Resume

Cover Letter

List of References

Applicants are required to upload a list of references of at least three (3) professional references that includes:

Name

Company Name

Type of reference (Professional, Supervisor, Colleague, Academic or Personal). One (1) of those references will need to be a current or previous supervisor.

Email Address

Contact Phone Number

Applications are not successfully submitted until an online confirmation number has been received at the end of the application process.

Recruitment Range
 
Salary commensurate with experience

Org #-Department
 
Information Technology Services - 23101

Job Open Date
 
07/17/2019

For Best Consideration Date
 
07/24/2019

Job Close Date

Open Until Filled
 
Yes

FTE
 
1.000

Type of Appointment
 
Permanent

If time-limited, please specify end date for appointment.

Number of Months per Year
 
12

FLSA
 
Exempt
