Job Summary  
 
The Data Science Developer is responsible for working with/on Client-Facing teams to participate in designing, building, supporting and migrating to the solution.  
  Responsibilities  
 
Develops software solutions by analyzing information needs; systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. 
Ensures that application design and development are aligned with the Business and Functional Requirements. 
Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. 
Ensure that any architecture and infrastructure decisions are reviewed with the Chief Engineer. 
Ensure that engineering and architecture practices and standards are adhered to and identify needs and make suggestions regarding technical direction of the combined component architecture. 
Design and implement system security, application security and data assurance. 
Prepare, review and execute Test Plans to ensure that the Software applications are of the highest quality possible. 
Ensure transparency of all work products and assist in the continued improvement of the application development methods through lessons learned sessions. 
Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  
  Qualifications  
  Education Required  
 
A bachelor's degree in computer science, or related degree program. 
Work towards advanced degree studies, or certifications.  
  Experience  
 
Demonstrate having at least 2 years of software development experience. 
Keeps current on changing technology offerings in area of discipline. 
Demonstrated ability to collaborate and deliver work as a remote team member. 
Excellent communication skills with ability to present to a range of audiences (line managers to executives). 
Experience at a start-up company and/or working in Agile-Scrum based methods.  

 Please submit your resume for consideration. Once submitted, feel free to contact Dan at 973  -886-5575 for additional information. 

 Approx. Duration: Perm 

 About Hired By Matrix 

Hired by Matrix, Inc. founded in 1986, is a certified Woman-Owned Business Enterprise (WBE) dedicated to providing the highest quality of job opportunities to our candidates and staffing services to our clients. We are a full service staffing firm with experience recruiting and delivering for IT, Accounting & Finance, Administrative & Clerical, Clinical & Scientific, and Marketing disciplines. Our long history in the staffing industry and dedication to excellence are the key differentiators that have fueled our success for over 30 years.

Hired by Matrix offers our contract professionals competitive salaries, benefits after 60 days and a 401k option after one year.
Equal Opportunity Employer
WBENC Certified
WOSB Certified
*CEO Sharon Olzerowicz serves on the WBENC Board and is a long-standing member of the Forum Governing Group.

We work hard to match our candidates with the right career opportunities. Let us find you a  #MatrixMatch  so you can reach your career goals!

Connect with us on LinkedIn and see how we can impact your career!

Hired by Matrix Career Center:  https://www.hiredbymatrix.com/find-work/open-positions/ 
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         BBBH30055_1563819929
