Requisition Number:155050

Location:Redwood City

Date Opened:2019-03-26

Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets.

Principal Data Scientist

Redwood City, CA

The Principal Data Scientist is a key position in our Data Science team within the Global Analytics and Insights group at Electronic Arts, charged with helping drive excellence and pushing innovation across EA. The successful candidate will use his or her expertise in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence to drive critical decisions in a fast paced, cross-functional environment.

Responsibilities

Research and design innovative approaches to obtuse problems, aiding in the implementation and scaling of these cutting edge systems

Push excellence in the rest of the data science organization within the global analytics org and around EA

Use big data technologies to scale predictive models to millions of players

Develop new tools and libraries that empower the business

Communicate actionable results and findings derived from data throughout the organization in a clear, concise way

Collaborate with other areas of the business on long-term projects

Learn, implement and share new methodologies

Background

D. in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, or related quantitative field

10+ years of experience in applied machine learning/deep learning

Demonstrated experience applying Data Science methodologies to real world problems

Experience in scaling up smaller projects and sharing work collaboratively across a wider team

Expert status in analyzing extremely large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of tools

Strong programming experience in a system programming language such as C/C++ or Java.

Familiarity with at least one scripting language: R, Python, or Scala

Experience querying large databases

Ability to communicate insights to technical and non-technical audiences

Experience with any of the following is a big plus:

Big data technologies such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig

Model production in Spark

Application deployment using AWS, Virtual Machines, or Docker

A humility and drive to be a "learn-it-all"

Attributes

Eager to use data for insights and has a demonstrated passion for applying data science to make business critical decisions and recommendations

Hypothesis driven – uses data to test ideas rigorously and objectively

Able to create compelling communication for executives

Willingness to mentor more junior data scientists

Desire to stay on the cutting edge, going out of their way to find and learn the "latest and greatest"

Flexible and adaptable while maintaining positive attitude

Self starter with passion, energy, enthusiasm to drive results and affect meaningful change

A team player who is able to work collaboratively within the group and across business units/functions

What’s in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k company match and, of course, many other perks! And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the “work hard/play hard” credo every day.

More about our location: https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/redwood-shores

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status or veteran status. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law.

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.
