The Premium Analytics team is part of the core business strategy and analytics team for Spotify Premium. You’ll be an essential part of the growth and direction of Spotify as we grow to 100M+ subscribers around the globe. At your fingertips, you’ll have access to all of the data Spotify has to offer and will get the opportunity to be creative with how you drive insights and strategies from that. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.

You will work with a global team of world-class analysts, data scientists, business managers, marketers, and engineers. We are all passionate about what we do and move forward with high impact projects at a high pace. Learning and improving is part of our daily routine, and you will be free to develop your skills and ways of working.

What you’ll do

Develop data driven strategies to drive the growth of Spotify subscribers.

Build scalable data pipelines and tools to reduce the time-to-insights for the rest of the Premium Analytics team.

Create and communicate actionable recommendations and models that improve our in-app targeting, user messaging, and channel optimization.

Work closely with business stakeholders to understand the change they are driving and help them discover new opportunities.

Design and execute comprehensive tests, making sure that we monitor all relevant metrics and that we’re learning at every step along the way.

Who you are

You have 4+ years of hands-on experience synthesizing insights from data using tools such as Python, SQL, R. Experience with distributed systems (Redshift, Hadoop, BigQuery) a plus.

You are intellectually curious, creative, and diligent… you enjoy thinking about the business as much as the data.

Have professional experience with data science techniques such as advanced regression analysis, segmentation, user churn and LTV modeling, testing & experimentation, and/or optimization.

You have studied Economics, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or a relevant field.
