Phillips 66 & YOU- Together we can fuel the future

DESCRIPTION

The Modeling & Data Analysis group in the Business Unit Support, Technology, organization of Phillips 66 is currently accepting applications for a Data Scientist position at the Phillips 66 Research Center in Bartlesville, OK.

Responsibilities May Include

Using domain knowledge and advanced statistical and machine learning methods to solve science and engineering problems.

Designing and executing laboratory and pilot plant experiments in support of analytics studies.

Analyzing experimental, pilot plant and commercial data to develop subject specific models.

Managing one or more research programs.

Communicating experimental results through reports and presentations.

Providing work direction to technicians.

Creating new research ideas.

Developing broadly applicable tools for data analysis and visualization.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

PhD in Chemical Engineering or closely related engineering or science discipline with experience in data analytics

Experience with applied statistical and machine learning approaches for data analysis

Competence in programming using statistical and engineering languages (e.g. R, Python, Jupyter)

Knowledge of big data analytic tools and platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Spark)

Preferred:

Strong and proactive approach to safety

Knowledge of refining processes and process optimization

Experience in developing software applications

Experience working in other platforms such as Linux

Experience in deploying products to end users

5 or more years of experience in refining industry or other similar experience

Excellent written and oral communication skills with experience in working in collaborative team environment

Located in northeast Oklahoma, Bartlesville is home to approximately 36,000 people. Area families appreciate the affordable cost of living and the conveniences a small town community offers while enjoying the cultural amenities of a larger metropolitan area. Bartlesville hosts many festivals including its own world-renown music festival. It has a symphony orchestra, Broadway series, dance companies, and an active art association. Among the state’s 32 largest school districts, Bartlesville is ranked 2nd by the Oklahoma State Department of Education for its overall success. In July 2013 Coldwell Banker ranked Bartlesville #30 as one of the nation’s best “booming suburbs” to live in, based on economic factors, school quality, cost of living, crime rates, and other criteria. Bartlesville is notable as the longtime home of Phillips Petroleum Company, founded by Frank Phillips in 1905. Centrally located on major highways, it has close proximity to larger cities like Tulsa (41 miles) and Oklahoma City (123 miles). It’s only 18 miles to the Kansas border with Wichita and Kansas City well within driving distance.

Company Overview

Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company’s master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,300 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $58 billion of assets as of March 31, 2019.

To be considered

In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of July 31, 2019

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

Requisition ID: 51232

Location: Oklahoma - Bartlesville

Job Field: Engineering
