Duties: Design and deliver strategic working systems and technology solutions across different business lines. Be responsible for the strategic data mapping and automated transmission of upstream data attributes to support accurate billing of products. Introduce the systematic connectivity between contractual and billing attributes. Communicate and develop critical business requirements and translate use cases to technical design and requirements for system development. Use data analytics techniques to process large quantities of data and identify trends and areas of enhancement opportunities. Build analytics tool to reconcile large data sets to resolve existing position and valuation data discrepancies and implement strategic automated data feeds. Work with users from different business lines, gather their requirements and create necessary business architecture to address them. Closely work with application developers to troubleshoot development defects and enhance technical design.

Minimum education and experience required: This position requires a Master's degree in Business Logistics Engineering, Data Science, Industrial Engineering, Business Architecture, or related field of study plus three (3) years of experience in the job offered or three (3) years of experience as a Process Engineer, Industrial Engineer, or a related occupation. The employer will alternatively accept a Bachelor's degree and five (5) years of experience in lieu of a Master's degree plus three (3) years of experience.

Skills Required: This position requires three (3) years of experience with the following: Tableau; SQL; Microsoft Office Suite including developing Excel Macros; applying Lean & Six Sigma methodologies to optimize, standardize, and drive efficiency on processes across different business lines; and Agile methodologies and tools such as Scrum or JIRA.

This position requires two (2) years of experience with the following: business architecture and data analytics in financial services industry; Alteryx; R; SAS; and JAVA.
