If you are a Data Scientist with MMM or MTA experience, please read on!

We are an international entertainment company located in Los Angeles, CA. We are looking for a talented Data Scientist to join our team immediately. We need someone with Market Mix Modeling or Multi-Touch Attribution experience. An ideal candidate will also be skilled with Python/R, Machine Learning, Optimization, and SQL.

This is a full time role in Glendale, CA. We are open for candidates living across the US, we will help with relocation if needed.       What You Need for this Position   -Minimum 3 years of experience 
-Experience in market mix modeling or multi touch attribution type of projects
-Tech skills - machine learning, optimization, python/R, SQL

Nice to Have: 
-Media/Entertainment Industry Experience      So, if you are a Data Scientist with MMM or MTA experience, please apply today!  

Security Clearance will be needed - therefore, only US citizens can be considered.


CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Glendale, CA 91201 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Professional 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         RR9-1533894101
