Description:

U.S. Soccer Overview

We are U.S. Soccer and we are the future of sport in the United States. Our mission is to make soccer the preeminent sport in the United States. We embrace diversity, technology and global connections to drive the growth of our sport and by supporting members, impacting athletes, and serving fans. We seek motivated, passionate, skilled people who can think, create and work on a team.

U.S. Soccer is a growing company that looks for team members to grow with it. U.S. Soccer offers a comprehensive compensation package, casual work environment, an inclusive culture and an atmosphere for professional development.

Position Description

Working within a team of engineers, analysts, and digital marketers, you’ll be responsible for the deriving actionable insights from data on the commercial side of the organization. Most of your time will be spent supporting the Digital, Retail, Ticketing, Broadcast, and Brand teams in their quest to understand fan behaviors and habits as best as possible. That said, you’ll also interact with the Soccer side of the org and be given the opportunity to contribute to some of the Analytics projects happening there.

Primary Responsibilities

Lead the tracking and analysis of commercial data in support of overall strategy

o Ticketing and attendance

o Retail (ecommerce and on-site)

o TV and Streaming

Work with the Engineering team to standardize the data management process for commercial sources

Develop predictive models and automated scripts to address high-impact opportunities on both the commercial and sporting sides

Work with the Digital and Brand team to execute U.S. Soccer’s research plan and understand the USWNT and USMNT fan bases (in-house surveys/studies and projects with 3rd-party research partners).

Requirements:

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in a STEM field (preferably Math, Statistics, Engineering, Social Sciences, Physical Sciences, or a related field)

Advanced skillset in Python or R

Proficient in SQL

Advanced understanding of different statistical and modeling methods

2-4 years of experience analyzing customer or fan behavior

Experience with Tableau

Proven ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Exceptional time management skills and ability to prioritize workflow

Full-time position, 40+ hour work week

Some travel will be required

Desired Qualifications

Graduate degree with background in statistics or machine learning

Experience with AWS (Redshift, S3)

Hands-on experience building models with deep learning frameworks (Tensorflow, PyTorch)

Passion for soccer and a solid understanding of the soccer landscape in the United States

Working at U.S. Soccer is a unique opportunity. Employees who work at U.S. Soccer have the following attributes:

Adopt a company centric approach—Serve the Athlete and the Fan

Embrace and see learning as a lifelong pursuit

Possess a growth mindset—keeps an open mind and seeks new challenges

Practice self-assessment and self-reflection

Open to criticism and does not make excuses

Possess a tireless work ethic

Wants to be part of a team that wins

Has the ability to be firm but fair

Communicate in a direct, open and honest manner

Build relationships through genuine interpersonal skills
