RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce's client is looking to bring on an experienced Data Scientist to join their growing organization in Hamilton, New Jersey (NJ). This is an exciting opportunity to help our client push the needle within their industry! Summary: As a Data Scientist, you will work closely with Customers, Product Management and agile development teams to help drive technical direction in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. The ideal candidate will be intricately involved in research, leading proof-of-concepts, evaluating technology and hands-on implementation. He or she must know how to extract meaning from and interpret data, requiring knowledge of tools and methods from statistics and machine learning. The insights are typically used to inform models and algorithms that power proactive and predictive actions. The candidate will spend time collecting, cleansing and shaping datasets as well as determining best-fit algorithms for AI/ML use cases. Job Requirements REQUIREMENTS: BS or higher in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field 7+ years practical experience with ETL, data processing and data analytics Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Fluent in programming languages Python, R, SQL Extensive background in data mining. Machine learning, NLP and statistical analysis Ability to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills Expertise in PyTorch, Tensorflow and other well-known Machine Learning (ML) libraries Ability to collaborate with subject matter experts in defining appropriate features and metrics for a given model Excellent communication and presentation skills Proven ability to communicate complex technical work to a non-technical audience Ability to mentor team members Scrum/Agile product development exposure Ability to work with cross-functional teams in a highly collaborative manner Familiarity with distributed-computing ecosystems like Spark; experience with Amazon Web Services; Azure, Google Cloud Platform Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
