Description 


Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company!   
   
The economy is transforming: self-driving cars, the Internet of Things, the Sharing and Gig Economies, and an ever-changing set of lean start-ups are major contributors to the disruption of classic business models. To adapt, Liberty Mutual has established Solaria Labs, an innovation center dedicated to testing new ideas, building products, and launching new companies. 
  

About the team:  

   
Solaria Labs is a rapid prototyping and ‘build’ arm within Liberty Innovation, partnering and co-developing with startups, universities like MIT, and data-rich “Smart Cities” like Boston, Chicago, and Singapore.  We are looking for technical leaders who are entrepreneurial, passionate about impacting change, and willing to test and learn.  Does building a new future for a Fortune 100 company like Liberty Mutual excite you? If so, join our team! 
  

The challenges we're solving:  

   
To thrive in tomorrow’s economy, we must launch into fields beyond our core insurance practice to diversify our business and revenue streams.  We are looking for fresh and modern perspectives on our 100 years of data and expertise.  Can our models of storm and fire risks help you choose which home to buy, or where homes on the market are undervalued?  Can GPS samples from our fleet of cars determine which neighborhoods are safe to walk and bike, or can we plan a route to minimize your risk while driving to work?  At Solaria, we are rapidly launching new data-driven products where public interest and markets are merely a new perspective on our core models. 
  

About the role:  
  
You will support research and development efforts in a diverse set of challenges as we rapidly prototype and build new products.  Many of the concepts we develop require novel use of Liberty Mutual and partner data, and the application of current and emerging machine learning techniques.  You will interact with product and engineering teams to implement your solutions within internal and customer facing software products.  Responsibilities include:  
Translate product ideas into well-posed data science challenges, and solve them 
Find new markets and novel applications for our core internal data 
Design and deploy Machine Learning (ML) systems backing our products 
Translate and champion our ML capabilities for non-technical audiences 
Participate in the broader ML community to stay current with the latest techniques and software 
Engage with staff within and beyond the Innovation team, training and advocating for the use of ML techniques in other business areas  
   
Qualifications:   
Competencies typically acquired through a Ph.D. degree (in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or other scientific field of study) and 0-4+ years of relevant experience, a Master’s degree (scientific field of study) and 3-5+ years of relevant experience or may be acquired through a Bachelor’s degree(scientific field of study) and 4-7+ years of relevant experience. 
Extensive experience analyzing data and a broad understanding of core statistical and ML techniques 
Expertise with Python, Java, C, or similar language, along with standard machine learning libraries 
Proven track record of rapid prototyping and development, leveraging open source or commercial frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, Hadoop, AWS) 
Computer science background, comfortable working with both technical and non-technical staff to translate concepts and algorithms into working prototypes 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertainty  
  

Benefits:  
  

We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits      

Overview:  
  
 At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives.  We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed. 
   We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual. 
    TechnologyUS-MA-BostonFull-timeBachelor's Degree (±16 years)Day Job

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         11 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         102279
