Duties

Summary

This position is in the Strategic Human Capital Planning Branch (SHCP) of the Division of Human Resource Management (HRM), Office of Information and Resource Management (OIRM) at the National Science Foundation (NSF). The SHCP Branch is responsible for human capital program and policy development, strategic workforce planning, workforce analytics, human capital accountability, employee engagement, and human resources information technology for the Foundation.

Responsibilities

As the Computer Scientist (Data Scientist), the incumbent will serve as a computer scientist / data science expert responsible for executing the advanced application of algorithms, data structures, programming concepts and languages to inform a blend of human capital and business functions data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualizations and storytelling of human capital insights to inform leadership decision-making. Duties include:

Methods and Techniques Application: Applies computer science principles and concepts in the design, development, implementation and use of complex databases and software applications. Uses computer programming languages and coding for data science processes, including but not limited to: Data exploration, data filtration, data sampling, and summarization to gather and analyze structured and unstructured data from various platforms.

Data Analytics and Reporting : Designs, develops, and adapts mathematical and statistical methods and computer science techniques in analysis of data management challenges. Makes strategic recommendations on data collection, integration and retention requirements incorporating legislative, policy, organizational needs and best practices. Visualizes and shares data stories with senior stakeholders within and outside of the Foundation.

Outreach : Participates in and facilitates working groups, delivers presentations and briefings, and participates in tiger teams and committees. Organizes various outreach events and activities to bring awareness and presence of the human capital data scientist role to established groups within and outside of NSF. Build partnerships and networks to leverage best practices from private and public sectors.

Change Management: Collaborates with senior staff and team members in employing change management processes, concepts and techniques. Develops change management approach related to organizational readiness for change, leading and initiating change associated with emerging data science practices, products and outcomes, considering stakeholder engagement and communications. Implements organizational changes in structure and business processes through proven methodologies including change management and establishment of evaluation criteria.

Competencies:

Computer Languages

Data Management

Change Management

Attention to Detail

Project Management

Oral Communication

Mathematical reasoning

Travel Required

Not required

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

14

Job family (Series)

1550 Computer Science

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

Background investigation

Selective Service registration required for male applicants, unless exempt.

US citizenship.

It is NSF policy that NSF personnel employed at or IPAs detailed to NSF are not permitted to participate in foreign government talent recruitment programs. Failure to comply with this NSF policy could result in disciplinary action up to and including removal from Federal Service or termination of an IPA assignment and referral to the Office of Inspector General. Foreign Talent Definitions

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must answer all job-related questions in the NSF eRecruit questionnaire.

All online applicants must provide a valid email address. If your email address is inaccurate or your mailbox is full or blocked, you may not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for this position.

This is a non-bargaining unit position.

Qualifications

To qualify at any grade level, applicants must have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions.

In addition to the basic education requirement above:

To qualify at the GS-13 level , in addition to meeting the basic requirements, you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level in the Federal service. Examples of specialized experience include applying data mining, data modeling, and machine learning to extract and analyze information from large structured and unstructured data sets; conducting complex analyses concerning the efficiency and effectiveness of business functions to analyze and present trends, projections, and/or predictions; and, collaborating with senior staff and team members in employing change management processes, concepts and techniques.

To qualify at the GS-14 level , in addition to meeting the basic requirements, you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. Examples of specialized experience include leading the development and implementation of algorithms in various computer software languages; providing expert capabilities for data analysis of information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to inform leadership; leading and initiating change management efforts associated with emerging data science practices, products and outcomes.

In addition to meeting the minimum qualification requirements described above, all candidates must meet the following selective factor. Candidates who do not show that they meet the selective placement factor will no longer receive consideration for the position.

Selective Factor: Experience with the following languages and platforms: Oracle Business Intelligence, R, and Python.

Education

You must meet the minimum education requirements as described in “Qualifications."

Additional information

Relocation Expenses Reimbursed will not be paid.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP):

ICTAP and CTAP provide eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP or CTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP or CTAP eligibility; 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement; and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well-qualified you must meet the following: OPM qualification requirements for the position, all selective factors, where applicable; special OPM approved qualifying conditions for the position; is physically qualified with reasonable accommodation, where appropriate, to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry; and receives a rating of at least “Very Good” on the questionnaire. You must provide proof of eligibility with your application to receive selection priority. Such proof may include a copy of your written notification of ICTAP or CTAP eligibility, or a copy of your separation personnel action form.

Additional information regarding ICTAP or CTAP eligibility is available from OPM's Career Transition Resources

Veteran's Preference:

If you are entitled to veterans' preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. For 5-point veterans' preference, please provide your DD-214 (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty), official statement of service from your command if you are currently on active duty, or other official documentation (e.g., documentation of receipt of a campaign badge or expeditionary medal) that proves your military service was performed under honorable conditions. For 10-point veterans' preference, please submit a Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference, DD-214, and the required documentation as specified on the SF-15.

NSF has determined that all of its positions are eligible for telework. Work suitable for telework depends on job duties; therefore, employees must receive approval from their supervisor for telework and have a telework agreement in place. Entering into a telework agreement is voluntary.

For additional information on the NSF eRecruit system, please visit our NSF eRecruit Applicant Guide .

This announcement may be used to fill like positions in other organizations within the National Science Foundation.

The Selected Candidate(s) may be subject to a background investigation.

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Category rating procedures will be used to rank and select eligibles. Based on your responses to the occupational questionnaire, you will be assigned a score. Your score will determine in which of three categories you will be placed: Excellent, Very Good, or Good. Under this process, veterans will be assigned to the appropriate category (without additional preference points) and then placed at the top of their category.

The information contained in your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses to the Occupational Questionnaire to determine the degree to which you meet the competencies required of this position. Please ensure you answer all questions accurately. Your responses are subject to verification. In support of your responses provided in the Occupational Questionnaire, your resume should include verbiage that describes your experience relative to the position for which you are applying and provide examples that show the depth of knowledge, level of skill, or degree of ability you possess. If your application does not support your responses to the Occupational Questionnaire or your application is not complete, it may affect your evaluation or result in your name being removed from further consideration. In some cases, additional assessment processes may be used.

Applicants eligible for selection preference under the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) or CTAP must meet the agency definition of "well qualified." In NSF categories, this means at least “Very Good.”

To preview questions please click here .

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Other

Drug test required

No

Required Documents

Required Documents

All applicants should submit a resume/CV of their choice, and may also submit a cover letter.

You must submit proof of meeting the basic education requirement described in the QUALIFICATIONS paragraph. Therefore, you should submit TRANSCRIPTS (unofficial copies are acceptable) or a DIPLOMA that verifies that the requirement is met.

Additional Documents, if applicable, may include:

Veteran's Preference Documentation (DD-214 and SF-15): If you are eligible and claiming 5-point veteran's preference, you MUST submit a copy of your DD-214 or other proof of eligibility. If you are claiming 10-point veteran's preference, you MUST submit a copy of your DD-214, SF-15, "Application for 10-Point Veterans' Preference" and the documentation required by the SF-15. (Please note: An SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, showing veterans' preference will not be accepted as proof of entitlement.)

CTAP/ICTAP Documentation: If you are applying under CTAP or ICTAP, you MUST submit proof of eligibility under 5 CFR 330.602(a) for CTAP and 5 CFR 330.704 for ICTAP. This includes a copy of the agency notice, a copy of your most recent performance rating, and a copy of your most recent SF-50 (Notification of Personnel Action) showing your position, grade level, and duty location. Please annotate your application to reflect that you are applying as a CTAP or ICTAP eligible.

We also ask that you complete and submit the Applicant Survey . This will help NSF to ensure that our recruiting efforts are attracting a diverse candidate pool; it will be used for statistical purposes only.

All faxing/uploading must be completed before 11:59 PM Eastern time on the vacancy closing date. If you are faxing your information, please use extreme care in dialing the fax number to assure we receive your information. You will receive an email confirmation of receipt of your faxed/uploaded document(s).

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

A GREAT LOCATION! The National Science Foundation Headquarters is conveniently located across the street from the Eisenhower Avenue Metro Station, right in Alexandria, VA, a few miles from downtown Washington, DC. There are shops and restaurants within walking distance, as well as historic Old Town Alexandria a short trip away. Employees receive the

Federal benefits package and NSF offers:

Pre-tax parking

Public transportation subsidy

Child care subsidy

Flexible working hours

Telecommuting

Physical Fitness Facility on site

Health Services Unit on site

Employee Assistance Program

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
