Location: Las Vegas, NV, US, 89113

Requisition ID: 1783

IGT is the global leader in gaming. We enable players to experience their favorite games across all channels and regulated segments, from Gaming Machines to Lotteries to Interactive. We have a well-established local presence and relationships with governments and regulators in more than 100 countries around the world, and create value by adhering to the highest standards of service, integrity, and responsibility. IGT has over 12,000 employees.

Position Overview

Working closely with counterparts in Sales, Product and Customer Insights organizations, this role is instrumental in providing insightful segmentation analysis and behavioral trends. The Senior Data Scientist believes in the power of AI and Analytics to transform businesses. Grounded in a solid foundation of Business Intelligence, you will layer on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to drive needle-moving impact for our customers across Sales Cloud and the full Salesforce solution. This role must be capable of earning the respect of the organization and team alike by demonstrating strong collaboration skills, effective communication, and technical ability. He or she will represent the Commercial Operations organization in cross-functional meetings and help drive decisions. A critical requirement of the role is to be able to influence business initiatives by telling a compelling data story. This role will work closely with Account Executives on new and existing accounts. Ideal candidates have previous experience working with business intelligence, AI, analytics, reporting and data integration applications in a customer-facing role.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with end customer and internal cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs. Formulate a roadmap of project activity that leads to measurable improvement in business performance metrics/key performance indicators (KPIs) over time

Apply quantitative analysis, data mining, and visualizations to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our hardware and software products

Monitor key operating metrics and understand root causes of fluctuations

Make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information

Build visualizations to illustrate complex on-platform behavioral trends

Identifying new levers to help move key metrics

Architect, develop and automate Business Intelligence (BI) and analytics solutions. Iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale.

The desire to maintain open, consistent communication with peers, business teams, and management

The ability to confidently present and articulate the business value of the Salesforce's cloud-based application suite and Salesforce Analytics platform to managers and executives of all levels

What’s the team like?

We’re a small team within a bigger company. We work fast, meet tight deadlines, and execute clean analysis. We have technical debates openly and make big decisions as a team.

Bonus Points

Participate in all appropriate product, sales, and procedural training and certification to acquire and maintain the knowledge necessary to be effective in the position

Work as a team player by contributing, learning and sharing new knowledge

Multiply your effectiveness by enabling adjacent teams to position Analytics Cloud and Smart Data Discovery

Drive new technologies such as AI, Einstein and Smart Data Discovery

Qualifications

B.S. Computer Science, math, economics, operation research or equivalent work experience

6+ years of experience in similar advanced analytics role in a professional environment

6+ years of applied data science experience including predictive modeling

3+ years of experience of IT platform implementation in a highly technical and analytical role

Through understanding of fundamentals of BI

Expert abilities in SQL

Ability to engage and build relationships across a range of stakeholder groups and technical project teams

Experience creating data visualizations in Tableau, Looker, or other modern visualization tools

Proven track record of defining and executing key analyses with minimal supervision

Experience with ETL tools (Informatica, Data Integrator, Data Transformation Services, etc.)

Solid verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Familiarity with Salesforce’s technical architecture - APIs, Custom Objects, APEX

Experience with latest trends in Hadoop, Apache Pig a strong plus

Experience coding in R, Python, JSON

Master’s in data science

Keys to Success

Building collaborative relationships

Decision making

Drive results

Foster innovation

Personal energy

Self-leadership

#LI-KK1

IGT is committed to sustaining a workforce that reflects the diversity of the global customers and communities we serve, creating a fair and inclusive culture that enables all our employees to feel valued, respected and engaged. IGT is an equal opportunity employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to sex, race, color, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity or expression, and any other personal attributes protected by federal, state, or other laws. We thank all applicants for applying; however, only those selected to interview will be contacted.

In addition to our competitive benefits package, we offer employees a 401(k) Savings Plan with Company contributions, tuition reimbursement, and free identity theft insurance.
