Job Description:

Data Scientist

Description: We are seeking a Data Scientist. The position requires an active TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance. The Scientist will be expected to build statistical models, test hypotheses, interpret, summarize, visualize, and succinctly report on data findings. The Data Scientist will perform research on various data sources, to include unstructured data using quantitative and qualitative content analytics. The Scientist will construct and perform complex database search queries in multiple databases using SQL and API interfaces. The Scientist will perform web scraping and apply various techniques for processing unstructured data. The Scientist will leverage automation and machine learning to manage data, predict scenarios and make recommendations. The Data Scientist will contribute to building new analytical tools and packages across the enterprise and will be expected to collaborate with team members in a highly technical environment. The Data Scientist will be expected to learn and leverage emerging technologies including AWS and Git.

Requirements:

Strong experience working with Python or R programming languages

Experience working with data manipulation, analytic/business insight tools, and data visualization experience

Experience with SciPy stack or Tidyverse packages

Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries

Experience/ knowledge of computer science concepts, data architecture, and experience/knowledge of statistics

Demonstrated experience using statistical and machine learning techniques including supervised and unsupervised learning and natural language processing

Experience /familiarity with frequentist statistics and probability including predicative modeling

Experience with visualizing data using popular packages including Tableau, ggplot or Matplotlib

Ability to communicate technical findings to non-technical audiences

Bachelor's degree in a highly quantitative subject or related field ( for example, statistics, mathematics, economics, or related field)

TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required

Preferred:

Experience/knowledge of social network and link analysis tools is desired (e.g. Palantir, i2 Analyst's Notebook, or Proton)

Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) is desired

Experience with front end web development is desired but not required

TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

"External Referral Eligible"

This is a Senior level position. At a minimum, candidates must have a BS degree + 8 years of relevant work experience, or a Master's degree + 7 years of relevant work experience or a Doctorate + 6 years of relevant experience. A Master's Degree within social science research field:
