Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Over 2 billion people use Facebook every month, and our core products are the way we connect them to their communities. Our mission is to make core products in the app easy to find, relevant and high quality. We're looking for a Data Scientist who can help us better understand the vibrant product ecosystem within Facebook. Big opportunities:How can we better measure and quantify how relevant the app experience is to a given user?What is the best set of products for each user? How should we tradeoff between growing product usage and making the app simple?How can we instrument and measure the quality of a product experience/flow? What are the big levers in improving it?How does personalizing products impact the broader product ecosystem? This is a very cross-functional role and you'll be working closely with Product Management, Engineering, Research and Design.Required SkillsProvide technical and thought leadership on designing, prototyping, implementing and automating complex analysesPartner with cross-functional teams to identify new opportunities requiring the use of modern analytical and modeling techniquesEffectively communicate insights and recommendations to management in support of strategic decision-makingPlan and be able to conduct as needed, end-to-end analyses, from data requirement gathering, to data processing and modelingOwn ongoing deliverables and communicationsWork with data engineers to architect, develop, and optimize data and modeling pipelines Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics, computer science, applied mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent experience10+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingKnowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)Experience extracting and manipulating large datasetsDevelopment experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)Proven experience influencing product strategy through data-centric presentations (to product, business, and other stakeholders)Experience and knowledge in at least one of the following areas: predictive modeling, machine learning, experimentation methodsPreferred qualificationExperience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
