At GE Transportation , a Wabtec company, we move and improve the world. We are a global technology leader and supplier of equipment, services and digital solutions to the rail, mining, marine, stationary power and drilling industries. Our innovations help customers deliver goods and services with greater speed and savings using our advanced manufacturing techniques and digitally connected machines.

It’s not just about your career… or your job title… it’s about who you are and the impact you are going to make on the world. Do you want to go into uncharted waters? Or do things that haven’t been done to make your life and someone else’s better? GE Transportation has been doing that for decades and we will continue to do so for decades to come! Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE Transportation delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry.

Role Summary:

The data scientist will work in a team solving business problems with exploratory data analysis, statistical inference, data mining and machine learning in a commercial technology and consultancy development environment. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of statistical analysis and machine learning for discovering insights and making recommendations for transportation industry.

Essential Responsibilities:

As a data scientist, you will be a part of a data science or cross-disciplinary team focused on analytics projects, typically involving large and complex data sets. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics of infrastructure, financial risk forecasting, and operations optimization. In this role you will:

Work with customers to capture analytics and data requirements;

Work with data engineers on extracting, cleansing, and integrating data from various sources;

Perform exploratory data analyses for discovering insights;

Develop, verify, and validate predictive or prescriptive analytics;

Document and communicate your work and outcomes;

Work alongside software developers to translate prototype algorithms into products and services;

Work with functional teams on application of analytics products.

Qualifications/Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in an STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) plus 4 years OR Masters’ degree plus 2 years of data science development for industrial applications in a commercial setting.

Desired Characteristics:

Solid knowledge in statistics, applied mathematics, machine learning algorithms

Demonstrated skill in one or more programming/scripting languages (R, Python, SAS, SQL, and etc.)

Demonstrated skill at data extraction, pre-processing, and quality assessment

Basic understanding of transportation or manufacturing industry

Demonstrated skill in summarizing the project achievements

Demonstrated skill in effective and efficient communication with customer and internal teams

Demonstrated skill at working in a team setting and executing technical tasks

Paying attention to details

Staying on track under ambiguous circumstances

Be responsible and accountable

Additional Eligibility Requirements:

GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen.

Work Location:

Chicago, IL

GE Transportation is committed to taking on the world’s toughest challenges. In order to fulfill that commitment we rely on a culture of leadership, diversity and inclusiveness. We aim to employ the world’s brightest minds to help us create a limitless source of ideas and opportunities. We believe in hiring talented people of varied backgrounds, experiences and styles…people like you! GE Transportation is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or protected Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
