Data Scientist/ Python and R Programmer Consultant-1900000572

Description

Data Scientist/ Python and R Programmer Consultant

Background: The Inter-American Development Bank’s Knowledge, Innovation and Communication Sector (KIC) through the Knowledge and Learning Division (KLD) aims to bring the latest learning products and opportunities at the IDB’s disposal to strengthen training of its own staff and of its operational partners.

Among other initiatives, KLD promotes dialogue and reflection upon the experience and learning gained during the implementation of the Bank’s operational projects, generates knowledge products that facilitate and improve operational performance and promotes collaboration and knowledge exchange among personnel.

The teams’s mission: KLD supports a line of work dedicated to using artificial intelligence for knowledge management and tackling challenges related to identifying and accessing knowledge, particularly utilizing natural language processing techniques to extract value from unstructured data.

The objective of this consultancy is to aid in the development and improvement of AI- powered knowledge management tools currently being developed by KLD.

What you’ll do:

Use your Python skills and knowledge of natural language processing approaches to enhance existing tools developed as part of our Artificial Intelligence for Knowledge Management line of work.

Use your knowledge of Deep Learning and Word Embeddings to support a project that utilizes artificial neural networks to reveal connections and extract knowledge from text.

Research and develop Natural Language Processing solutions that allow the identification, extraction and classification of lessons learned contained in operational documents such as Project Monitoring Reports (PMRs) and Project Completion Reports (PCRs), sector framework documents and loan proposals among others.

Aid in the creation of a mechanism to automatize the update process of data bases containing findings and recommendations from operational documents.

Develop, train and test supervised and unsupervised multi- classification algorithms.

Contribute with reports, presentations and documentation required by the supervisor.

Use your passion for NLP and technical abilities to support the conceptualization and design of new solutions to knowledge management challenges.

Projects you will work on:

An expertise location system.

An operational learning search engine.

An abstractive summarization engine.

An automated literature review machine.

Others as agreed.

Qualifications

What you’ll need:

Citizenship: You are a citizen of one of our 48-member countries. We may offer assistance with relocation and visa applications for you and your eligible dependents.

Consanguinity: You have no family members (up to fourth degree of consanguinity and second degree of affinity, including spouse) working at the IDB Group.

Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related fields. Master’s Degree in Natural Language Processing, Computational Linguistics, Data Science, Computer Science, or related fields.

Experience: At least 5 years of relevant professional experience. Experience in Python programming is required. Knowledge of R programming and database management is desirable.

Language: Ability to read, write and speak fluently in Spanish or English.

Core and Technical Competencies:

Hands-on experience with natural language processing solutions such as entity extraction, topic modelling, text classification, etc.

Advanced knowledge of Python.

Knowledge of R useful.

In-depth knowledge of deep learning algorithms such as Word2Vec, Doc2Vec, Sense2Vec, and others applied to Natural Language Processing.

Familiarity with summarization algorithms, as well as familiarity with evaluation metrics such as ROUGE.

Experience in developing and designing object-oriented programming solutions.

Experience with the automatic cleaning and transformation of pdf, word and csv documents.

Hands on experience with web scraping.

Hands on experience with script creation for data cleaning and transformation.

Experience with Version Control Systems such as Git (Git portfolio required).

Ability to install, configure and maintain Linux operating systems.

Ability to operate with relational and non-relational databases. SQL basic skills are expected.

Knowledge about deploying multi-tenant applications on AWS using multiple services as custom machine learning models.

Previous participation in hackathons is a plus.

Opportunity Summary:

Type of contract: Consultant

Length of contract: 12 months

Location: IDB Headquarters, Washington DC, United States

Responsible Person: Learning & Knl Sr Spec (KIC/KLD)

Requirements: You must be a citizen of one of the IDB’s 48-member countries and have no family members currently working at the IDB Group.

Our culture: Our people are committed and passionate about improving lives in Latin-America and the Caribbean, and they get to do what they love in a diverse, collaborative and stimulating work environment. We are the first Latin American and Caribbean development institution to be awarded the EDGE certification, recognizing our strong commitment to gender equality. As an employee you can be part of internal resource groups that connect our diverse community around common interests.

We encourage women, afro-descendants, people of indigenous origins, and persons with disabilities to apply.

About us: At the IDB, we’re committed to improving lives. Since 1959, we’ve been a leading source of long-term financing for economic, social, and institutional development in Latin America and the Caribbean. We do more than lending though. We partner with our 48-member countries to provide Latin America and the Caribbean with cutting-edge research about relevant development issues, policy advice to inform their decisions, and technical assistance to improve on the planning and execution of projects. For this, we need people who not only have the right skills, but also are passionate about improving lives.

Our team in Human Resources carefully reviews all applications.

Primary Location: HQ-US-Washington DC

Job Posting: Jul 25, 2019, 4:00:00 AM

Closing Date: Aug 1, 2019, 3:59:00 AM

Contact Name - External: Jobs Online

Contact Email - External: jobsonline@iadb.org
