Overview

We are looking for a great data scientist for our QuickBooks Online Business. Come join the team that supports the Intuit Developer Group, which has built a platform that allows third party developers to sync data from their apps to and from QuickBooks Online. (https://apps.com) This role requires partnering with product managers, engineers, marketers and experts in business development to drive the adoption of this platform and to build the network effect between developers, small business owners and accountants. The successful candidate will not only be able to mine data but to present their insights effectively in both written and verbal communication.

Responsibilities

Solve marketing and product analytics problems by doing work such as developing data structures, pipelines, and data visualizations that enable us to find insights and take action by working with click data, product-generated data, user-generated data and more.

Apply predictive modeling and ML techniques to problems such as recommending apps or predicting attrition.

Generate actionable insights by telling stories with data. Ability to influence decision makers using outstanding communication skills.

Partner with product managers to conduct in product A/B tests to improve the customer experience.

Study website behavior patterns using site metric tools and clickstream data to analyze and optimize business results.

Understand the business direction and product strategy in order to collaborate with business stakeholders to explore, generate and test business assumptions.

Deliver ad-hoc analysis to support business decisions.

Qualifications

5+ years of experience in generating and presenting insights from data.

Bachelors or advanced degree in quantitative field (or proven work experience in quantitative domain.)

Advanced SQL (Hive, Vertica) and some form of coding like Python.

Experience with data visualization tool like Tableau.

Experience with clicksteam analytics tools like Adobe Analytics or Amplitude is a plus.

Strong written and verbal skills.
