pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

pSemi Corporation is looking for a Data Scientist in Data Integration & Analytics team who has passion for developing big-data solutions which can solve problems faced in a semiconductor business. Our team is committed to providing highly reliable data infrastructure, developing advanced data analytic tools, automation, etc. to drive efficiency, productivity and data uniformity in the company.

We have an exciting opportunity to develop big data solution from scratch, build analytic tools, detect problems in real time, automate reports and build models for better insights. You will work closely with multiple teams such as product engineering, yield, manufacturing, assembly teams etc., understand their day to day data needs and challenges, gather information, connect dots and make proposals for efficient problem solving using best data practices.

In this role you will use a variety of your skill sets to increase productivity by automating complex tasks and building predictive models. The successful candidate will be able to capture problems in real time and predict failure by applying machine learning algorithms in various aspects of semiconductor test and assembly in order to raise concerns proactively to help save money for the entire company.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:

Design data collection methods and storage for supporting multiple OSATs, Fabs, module assembly factory data for efficient data retrieval and manipulation.

Develop appropriate machine learning/deep learning techniques to uncover the value of the data.

Document model process and performance.

Develop automatic reporting tools, dashboards and advanced data analytics tools to meet customer needs and also propose new ideas which brings better insights.

Develop statistical models to detect outliers and anomalies from test data.

Propose and execute fresh ideas in different areas like setting triggers based on accurate prediction of failure patterns from test data in real time, big data retrieval, parallel computing, UI design for dashboards to expedite problem detection in wafer sort and back end processes in operation.

Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:

Displaying Creativity: Produces a wide range of ideas and suggestions when presented with a problem or challenge; comes up with creative, new ways of doing things

Communicating Effectively: Expresses ideas and information in a clear and concise manner; tailors message to fit the interests and needs of the audience; delivers information in a manner that is interesting and compelling to the listener

Acquiring Information: Consults with others on problems and activities; collects information from a range of sources to assist and guide job activities; asks effective questions to obtain information to help him/her perform their job

Thinking Broadly: Considers long-term consequences and implications associated with actions or events; sees relationships between diverse systems, organizations, or environments; considers problems from a range of viewpoints

Learning Quickly: Quickly comprehends new problems and situations; needs very little time to learn and master new processes or tools; able to figure things out as he/she goes along

Qualifications (Experience and Skills)

4-5+ years’ experience working in field of data analytics, automation etc. Ability to tell stories and draw insights from data

2+ years of experience in data science/data modeling. Ability to analyze large amounts of data and demonstrated history of applying it to solve business problems

Experience with scikit-learn and machine learning algorithms. Hands on with tensor flow, neural networks such as CNN, RNN is a plus.

Experience in one or more general purpose programming language like R, python, C++, Matlab etc

Experience with data mining and statistical modeling such as KNN, Kmeans, regression, clustering etc.

Experience in modern analytic and visualization tools such as Tibco spotfire or Tableau etc.

Efficient in SQL, distributed database such as Cassendra, hadoop

Knowledge with web application, Html, css, javascript, PHP, etc

Experience with version control software like github or svn.

Outstanding communication skills with both technical and non-technical audience.

Education Requirements

BS or MS in electrical, computer science, statistics, mathematics.

Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
