Qualifications

Degree in a quantitative discipline (degree examples include computer science, statistics, data science, economics, mathematics, geography, plant biology, crop science, agronomy)

Prior project or work experience, and/or a professional or advanced degree (MA, PhD, M.B.A.) is beneficial

Strong problem solving and programing skills, with the ability to develop creative, efficient, and well-documented coding solutions

Enthusiasm in dealing with data challenges: from large-scale (requiring big-data and parallelization techniques), to sparse or poor-quality (requiring data engineering)

Experience developing, implementing, and evaluating statistical, machine learning, or geospatial models a plus

Experience leveraging time series, geospatial, weather, agricultural, or trading/price-discovery data a plus

Comfortable explaining and translating technical techniques and results to a variety of audiences

Self-management skills and ability to work as part of an Agile team

Strong multitasking and parallel development abilities

Passion for problem solving on a global scale

Strong interpersonal communication skills

Creative and willing to take intellectual risks

Who You'll Work With

You’ll work with our Agriculture Commodity Research Engine (ACRE) team based in Denver. ACRE is a center for analytical excellence within the Agriculture Practice where you will problem solve side by side with experienced agribusiness professionals to innovate the industry from farm to cloud.

Our Agriculture Practice advises agribusiness, consumer food, government, and investor clients on strategic and operations issues, helping support industry-shaping decisions that impact the future of global food production. Your colleagues will have a diverse set of backgrounds, from software engineers and statistical modeling gurus, to domain-specific and business experts. Your team will apply advanced analytics in tandem with business knowledge to change global agricultural markets, driving insights at the micro and macro levels.

ACRE is a start-up microcosm within McKinsey which fosters entrepreneurship and analytics-driven innovation to develop cutting edge algorithms and models, which we then integrate into our client work. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey.

What You'll Do

You will leverage industry knowledge and analytical expertise as a member of client engagement teams by providing insights both in front of clients and within the ACRE team.

In this role you will deploy creative agricultural analytics in cloud computer settings. You will sharpen your programming and statistical abilities while quickly acquiring knowledge in a variety of topics of key import to our agribusiness clientele. You will work with an exciting and varied array of global data including geospatial, biological, economic, and climatological which will utilize and further develop your data science skills in techniques such as timeseries forecasting, dimensionality reduction and feature selection, statistics and machine learning.

As a member of client engagement teams, you will leverage your creativity and problem solving skills to tackle clients’ company-level issues and you will own solving these issues end-to-end. These issues could include predicting future market price trends, determining the value of new technologies, incorporating market and crop data to predict trade flows, or optimizing agricultural operations in developing economies. Using your quantitative and programming skills, you will develop advanced insight into these issues and learn to effectively communicate them to executive audiences to solve their core issues.

Along the way, you will receive best-in-class training in structuring business problems and serving as a client adviser. You will be responsible for providing conceptual insights, problem structuring, modeling, and other analytic support to client engagement teams. You will mentor and guide more junior members, and help less-than-tech forward clients realize the benefits that data-driven decision making can bring their business. In addition, you will help codify the knowledge that you build into interactive data tools, with the help of the rest of our data science and engineering team, by designing new interfaces to deliver faster, more impactful insights to our clients related to the knowledge area that you will champion.

You will develop and continuously deepen your expertise in agriculture through this role, specializing in agriculture and developing your problem-solving skills as well as teamwork and leadership skills. You will have opportunities to work closely with and learn from our senior agriculture practitioners, and work directly with industry players that are shaping the future of food production.
