Expedia

We are looking for a Data Scientists to join our growing 20+ strong team. This position focuses on the measurement and optimization of advertising expenditure, so it is a good fit for those with a background in operations research, economics and marketing science, however we will consider applicants from any technical background. This role will work closely with our marketing team to drive traffic to our massive e-commerce marketplace. The statistical learning algorithms you develop will affect tens of millions of dollars of advertising each year.

What You’ll Do:

Understand media mix modeling, data driven attribution supporting TV, SEM, Podcast, Display, Social.

Understand how programmatic marketing advertising works.

Optimize advertising based on user feedback from online ads.

Build machine learning-based segmentation/cohort models.

Develop novel marketing relevant testing strategies with bayesian modeling skills.

Stay at the state of the art in advertising measurement by attending at the top conferences.

Day-to-Day Responsibilities Include:

You will work on larger programs/initiatives encompassing several projects that have a company-wide impact.

Apply elite machine learning techniques to solve the business problem at hand.

Produce novel insights with machine learning to inform company strategy.

Assist others with data discovery and data preparation phase.

Help build the core feedback loops to optimize advertising expenditure.

Work end-to-end on studio projects that you conceive, develop and land as a winner in the company.

Who You Are:

Experience in the Data Science and analytics fields.

Experience in Experience with programming languages such as R, Python, or Scala

Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes, semi-structured and unstructured data and near real-time throughput.

Experience applying the right ML model to tackle business problems.

Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge.

Experience working in Hadoop ecosystem.

Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL.

Good storytelling i.e be able to present the business side of the story that data presents to c-team and business leaders.

Required Skills And Qualifications:

BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience (MS or PhD preferred)

You should have 5+ years of professional software development experience

Ability to mentor junior engineers

Good foundation of Agile principles and practices

Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to work well across multiple departments

An analytical problem solver that is passionate about delivering a high quality user experience

Benefits & Perks:

Competitive health and insurance benefits.

Competitive salary.

Annual target bonus or commission.

Parental leave for up to 20 weeks (dependent on eligibility).

Paid vacation and sick time.

Employee Stock Purchase Program.

Free snacks and beverages.

Frequent company update talks with our leadership team.

Free listing on Vrbo.com.

Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk.

Discounted Metro & Rail pass.

Casual dress.

Why join us

Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and make people's lives better – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work, and to provide them to tools to do so.

Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares.

Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, HomeAway®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, lastminute.com.au®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Classic Vacations®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com™, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia® CruiseShipCenters®, SilverRail Technologies, Inc., ALICE and Traveldoo®.

About Vrbo

In 1995, Vrbo introduced a new way for people to travel together, pairing homeowners with families and friends looking for places to stay. We were grounded in one purpose: To give people the space they need to drop the distractions of everyday life and simply be together. Since then, we've grown into a global community of homeowners and travelers, with unique properties in 190 countries around the world. Vrbo makes it easy and fun to book cabins, condos, beach houses and every kind of space in between.

Vrbo is part of HomeAway and the Expedia Group family of brands and offers homeowners and property managers exposure to over 750 million visits to Expedia Group sites each month. To learn more, visit www.vrbo.com.

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.
