Data Scientist    
    Job Number: 19-06017      
  Be part of a company that delivers life-changing healthcare solutions. Eclaro is looking for a  Data Scientist  for our client in  Lawrenceville, NJ.    
 
  Eclaro’s client is a leader in the Biopharmaceutical Industry, providing quality, innovative, and affordable medicines that make a difference in the lives of patients all over the world. If you’re up to the challenge, then take a chance at this rewarding opportunity!  
 
   Position Overview:     
  Design and develop scientific machine learning capabilities and analytics for R&D.     
  This includes high dimensional machine learning analysis of biomarker data sets for Translational Medicine.      
   Responsibilities:     
  Design and develop high dimensional biomarker data analysis capability.     
  Applying cutting-edge bioinformatics, statistics, and machine learning methods, analyze clinical and high dimensional biomarker data sets from clinical studies    
  Perform independent analysis and/or validate analysis results    
  Summarize analysis results and report conclusions to Client decision-making bodies    
  Evaluate and adapt latest analysis methods     
   Required Qualifications:     
  Master’s degree in applied mathematics, statistics, bioinformatics, or related fields.     
  Advanced expertise in biostatistics, machine Learning, scientific data mining including high dimensional multivariate analysis    
  Familiar with Cox model, logistical regression, random effect, mixed effected models. Time-varying covariates.    

   Strong skills in R.     
  Familiar with machine learning frameworks and their applications in biomedical research    
  Experiences working with clinical study data is a plus; knowledge of biology in general and oncology is a plus    
  Experiences in scientific data analytics and BioPharmaceutical R&D is a strong plus    
  The ability to thrive in an agile iterative and highly collaborative team environment is a must.    
  Strong communication skills to interact effectively with project stakeholders and articulate design ideas    
  Must have strong independent machine learning analytics skills of biomarkers data but also be able to contribute significantly to analysis, prototype and design activities.      
   Preferred Qualification:     
  PhD      
   If hired, you will enjoy the following Eclaro Benefits:     
  401k Retirement Savings Plan administered by Merrill Lynch    
  Commuter Check Pretax Commuter Benefits    
  Eligibility to purchase Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance through Eclaro     
  If interested, you may contact:  
   Chris Paltep   
  pangilalo.paltep@eclaro.com  
  6466800138  
      Chris Paltep | LinkedIn       
 
   Equal Opportunity Employer:  Eclaro values diversity and does not discriminate based on Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.     

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Lawrence Township, NJ 08648 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Staffing/Employment Agencies 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         11330617
