OBG (www.OBG.com), also known as O’Brien & Gere, is committed to creating a better future by making a difference each day. As of January 1, 2019, OBG is proud to be part of Ramboll. Ramboll is a highly purpose-driven company with strong fundamentals and represents the same client- and people-centric focus that you have come to expect from OBG. Our combined resources bring our North American presence to 2,000 experts across more than 70 offices. Together, we offer our clients enhanced, multidisciplinary solutions from front-end consultancy to back-end engineering, project delivery, and design-build services.

For more than 70 years, OBG, Part of Ramboll, has specialized in engineering and problem solving, but the Company’s greatest strength is creating comprehensive, integrated solutions for our clients. OBG – There’s a way.

Environmental Data Scientist

OBG, Part of Ramboll is currently seeking an Environmental Data Scientist in our Albany, NY office to provide database management multiple environmental projects. Responsibilities include:

Loading analytical data via electronic data deliverables (EDDs) from laboratories into project-specific EQuISTM databases

Loading geologic information, survey data, field results and data validation qualifiers into project-specific EQuISTM databases

Maintaining datasets with a high degree of quality control

Performing routine queries on large datasets

Extracting datasets for reporting and internal project review support

Creating Screening Level Criteria comparison tables for agency reporting

Qualifications

Strong attention to detail

Working knowledge of MS Excel

Experience working with analytical data

Agency reporting experience

Ability to work on multiple projects at a detailed level

Ability to prioritize work effectively and efficiently

EQuISTM database experience a plus

ArcGIS and MS Access experience a plus

Bachelor’s Degree (Environmental Science, Chemistry, or Geology focus)

Familiarity with environmental sampling

We consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, race, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Equal access to programs, services and employment is available to all persons. Should an applicant require reasonable accommodation with the application or the interview process, please notify the Human Resources Department.

O’Brien & Gere is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer . All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
