Responsibilities:   
Provides subject matter expertise in the requested technology or application. 
Assists client in implementing, upgrading or optimizing specific technology. 
Utilizes professional expertise to perform analysis, project management and/or development activities with technology.  

 Qualifications:   
Education: Advanced/Master's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Applied Math, or other quantitative disciplines. 
Bachelor's degree with more than 7 years of experience is considered. 
Years of Experience: At least 7 years' experience in an open-source programming role in the context of predictive and prescriptive analytics, or decision science. 
Experience with statistical algorithms such as linear and logistic regression, decision trees, neural networks, random forests, gradient boosting, SVM, etc. and their applications in a retail environment. 
Familiarity with optimization methods such as Linear Programming, Discrete Event Simulation, Genetic Algorithm, Queuing Theory, Inventory Control models, etc. 
Experience deploying above described algorithms on large datasets. 
Requires demonstrated subject matter expertise in the specified technical area. 
Years of Experience: 10+ Years.  

 Tools:   
Strong experience with programming languages in various combinations: SQL, Python, R, SAS, SPSS, Java, Javascript, C, C++. 
Usage of integrated development environment (IDE) to the text editor plus terminal combination for R and Python, such as R-Studio, PyCharm, etc. 
Familiar with Hive, Spark, Db Visualizer, Alteryx, Tableau, Omniture, Anaconda etc. 
Familiar with Microsoft Office products.  

 Traits:   
Problem solver and self-starter. 
Proficient communicator. 
Manages ambiguity. 
Highly accountable. 
Ability to identify business problems and conceptualize it independently as an analytics problem.  

If interested, please apply! 

 The Solomon Page Distinction  

Solomon Page offers a comprehensive benefit program for hourly employees. We pride ourselves on offering medical, dental, 401(k), direct deposit and commuter benefits to our employees, including freelancers - which sets us apart in the industries we serve. 

 About Solomon Page  

Founded in 1990, with 14 offices and counting, Solomon Page is a specialty niche provider of staffing and executive search solutions across a wide array of functions and industries. The success of Solomon Page reflects an organic growth strategy supported by a highly entrepreneurial culture. Acting as a strategic partner to our clients and candidates, we focus on providing customized solutions and building long-term relationships based on trust, respect, and the consistent delivery of excellent results. For more information and additional opportunities, visit:  solomonpage.com  and connect with us on  Facebook ,  Twitter , and  LinkedIn .

Opportunity Awaits.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Jefferson, OH 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Retail 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         126102_1564068209
