We are looking for exceptional data scientists with a passion for using data to discover insights and utilize them to drive decisions. As the technology leader in our space, data, ML, AI, and advanced analytics are our core competitive advantages. As a Data Scientist at Fabuwood, you will have a critical role with senior-level visibility and the ability to impact meaningful change. If you are curious and driven data or computer scientist, analyst or statistician, mathematician or programmer, you will succeed in our fast-paced and results-oriented culture.

Required Skills Your skills should include:

MUST have strong programming skills in two(!) out of the four following languages/tools: Python (familiarity with Jupyter Notebooks is a plus), SQL, R, and Power BI

Experience working in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure or similar)

Expertise deploying ML and AI algorithms for solving real world problems

An ability to learn and acquire new skills quickly

Familiarity with some structured and unstructured databases

A command of visualizing, storytelling and/or communicating data and actionable insights

Thinking creatively outside the box about data, analytics and problem solving

Optimal Background

At least five years of data science / predictive analytics experience or more in a commercial setting

Experience implementing data collection, analytics and visualization projects

Experience implementing modeling and advanced analytics in a commercial and/or production setting

Command of data mining and predictive analytics

MS degree or an equivalent level of experience in a quantitative field

An active blog, publications or GitHub (or similar) repository demonstrating a portfolio of code and projects

Demonstrated Python/R and SQL expertise (based on a coding test during the interview process)

Why You Should Apply

Highly competitive pay, dynamic environment, opportunity for growth and learning new skills. Be a part of a founding data science and analytics team within a major national manufacturing and logistics operation. Experiment with state-of-the-art, high tech solutions and have an important impact on day 1.

Fabuwood is the leading kitchen cabinet manufacturer in the United States. Technology is the lifeblood of our business – we believe that data-driven companies will dominate our space. We are the high tech leader of our industry and are looking for talented Data Scientists to join us to deploy the latest ML and AI techniques and technologies to serve our customers. Join a dynamic and talented team of data scientists, analysts and technologists and develop an industry-leading data, ML, AI, and advanced analytics capability to support our management, employees and customers.

We believe that your kitchen cabinets should help develop a sanctuary that offers a perfect balance of functionality and ambiance. With a range of styles, materials and finishes available, Fabuwood Corp. offers a multitude of options catering to your specific taste and needs. We make building a luxury kitchen affordable, without compromising on comfort, quality and efficiency.

Generous Compensation/Benefits.
