Data Scientist/Analytics Location: Portland, OR Direct Hire General Statement of Duties This position leads the analysis of health outcomes, quality of care, financial analysis, and/or health care utilization studies. This includes performing statistical analysis using analytical tools, assisting in developing long-term plans that will meet the analytical needs of the organization, and assisting leadership in interpreting various provider opportunities and proposals. This position takes responsibility for integrity of data utilized for analysis and performs duties within a multi-function, cross-division, or mission critical environment. Education and/or Experience Required: Minimum 5 years’ related experience required, including the following: o Statistical software packages, such as Python, R or SAS o Writing advanced queries for data manipulation o Minimum one Healthcare Data Domain (e.g., Claims, Pharmacy, Clinical, Dental, etc.) Preferred: Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in STEM, Finance, Economics, Business Administration, Public Health Experience with Machine Learning Experience with Clustering Algorithms Essential Position Functions Develop analytical plans and provide leadership in analyses of health outcomes, quality of care, health care utilization, cost trends, and forecasting. Develop and implement research methods, including plans for statistical analysis and reporting format for results. Using in-depth knowledge of the financial dynamics of the health-care industry, advise management relative to cost and utilization outcomes from different payment scenarios. Analyze administrative and research data and assess its quality, validity and reliability. Use appropriate software tools to retrieve, edit and tabulate data from various databases and files. Study and analyze tables, graphs, charts and other statistics and report results in a variety of formats. Write reports such as statistical studies, narrative reports, articles for publication and summarize reports by explaining the significance of trends. Develop Dashboards, Scorecards, etc. using data visualization tools such as Tableau when appropriate. Develop algorithms, models and repeatable analytics tools to mature use and creation of data products at Client. Create and maintain technical documentation such as data dictionaries, business glossaries, metric definitions and other data resources. Effectively collaborate with other teams with-in organization to develop strong data pipelines and reusable data products. Remain current with technology, latest analytical methods and maintain willingness to learn new skills. Contribute and actively participate in community of practice to improve skills and capabilities of all Analysts at Client. Prepare and deliver presentations to the Board of Directors, Business groups and units, committees of the Board, community groups and/or regulatory agencies. Essential Department and Organizational Functions Propose and implement process improvements Meet deadlines for completion of workload Develop workplan by decomposing analysis tasks into smaller and manageable units, estimating effort involved and tracking progress Maintain agreed upon work schedule Demonstrate cooperation and teamwork Provide cross-training on specific job responsibilities Mentor other Analysts to help improve skills and knowledge of other analysts in the organization Meet identified business goals that contribute to departmental goals Perform other duties and projects as assigned. Preferred Knowledge, Skills and Abilities • Knowledge of Tableau Desktop/Creator • Knowledge of agile development processes • Knowledge of the of Managed Care • Knowledge of Medicaid and/or Medicare programs • Knowledge of financial matters in the healthcare industry • Knowledge of medical and/or pharmacy claims • Ability to provide leadership and oversight of research and analytical projects please email resume to: katj895@kellyservices.com Why Kelly®? With Kelly, you’ll have direct connections to leading IT organizations in the best companies around the globe—offering you the chance to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative and high- visibility projects. In a field where change is the only constant, our connections and opportunities will help you take your career exactly where you want to go. We work with 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and more than 3,000 IT hiring managers turn to us each year to access the best talent: people like you. Last year we found 8,000 opportunities for IT professionals. Let us help advance your career today. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
