Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with global sales surpassing $40B and has been one of Fortune's Most Admired Companies for over a decade. Through innovation, the Company brings together the physical and digital world to tackle some of the toughest societal and business problems - making the world a more productive, safe, and sustainable place. 

The business is organized into five primary groups: Aerospace, Buildings, Performance Materials and Technologies, Safety and Productivity Solutions, and the Connected Enterprise. Honeywell specializes in things that are critically connected - beyond smart phones and laptops, we make the kinds of connections that keep cities working, planes flying, plants running, and workers safe. Our unique capabilities, over a century in the making, bring together data, expertise, and technology to connect people, processes, and assets. 

Honeywell International is building a world that's safer and more secure, more comfortable and energy efficient, more innovative and productive. For more information, please visit Honeywell.com or follow us @HoneywellNow. 

We're looking for a new team member who is motivated by cracking tough challenges with data, trained in problem solving, and with an unending thirst for learning.

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will join a high-performing, global team, and be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing data driven solutions for all Honeywell business groups and functions. You will work closely with application architects to integrate results into operational platforms, including Hadoop and NoSQL architectures.

The Principal Data Scientist is expected to work within Honeywell to deliver on opportunities for new growth and efficiency based on data analyses.

You will also be expected to actively participate in defining and continuously evaluating our analytics strategy for Honeywell, as well as being a strong leader in executing data science driven projects as we build out capabilities and our architecture.

You will report to the Data Science Site Leader in the Honeywell Industrial Analytics organization, part of the Connected Enterprise. 

Specific Responsibilities:

Develop data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, data visualization and machine learning solutions to address customer needs and understand the role 

Foster relationships with business team members by being proactive, displaying a thorough understanding of the business processes and by recommending innovative solutions 

Communicate project output in terms of customer value, business objectives, and product opportunity 

Promote data science methods and processes across functions 

Work with our businesses and infrastructure teams to develop a strategy that will clearly outline how our enterprise platforms can enable business growth & productivity. Also understand the role and what specific tools are needed in an enterprise like Honeywell.


Principal Data Scientist Pipeline 
Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity 
 Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with global sales surpassing $40B and has been one of Fortune's Most Admired Companies for over a decade. Through innovation, the Company brings together the physical and digital world to tackle some of the toughest societal and business problems - making the world a more productive, safe, and sustainable place. 

 The business is organized into five primary groups: Aerospace, Buildings, Performance Materials and Technologies, Safety and Productivity Solutions, and the Connected Enterprise. Honeywell specializes in things that are critically connected - beyond smart phones and laptops, we make the kinds of connections that keep cities working, planes flying, plants running, and workers safe. Our unique capabilities, over a century in the making, bring together data, expertise, and technology to connect people, processes, and assets. 

 Honeywell International is building a world that's safer and more secure, more comfortable and energy efficient, more innovative and productive. For more information, please visit Honeywell.com or follow us @HoneywellNow. 

 We're looking for a new team member who is motivated by cracking tough challenges with data, trained in problem solving, and with an unending thirst for learning. 

 
   

 As a Principal Data Scientist, you will join a high-performing, global team, and be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing data driven solutions for all Honeywell business groups and functions. You will work closely with application architects to integrate results into operational platforms, including Hadoop and NoSQL architectures. 

The Principal Data Scientist is expected to work within Honeywell to deliver on opportunities for new growth and efficiency based on data analyses.

You will also be expected to actively participate in defining and continuously evaluating our analytics strategy for Honeywell, as well as being a strong leader in executing data science driven projects as we build out capabilities and our architecture. 

You will report to the Data Science Site Leader in the Honeywell Industrial Analytics organization, part of the Connected Enterprise. 


  

 
Specific Responsibilities: 


Develop  data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, data visualization and machine learning solutions to address customer needs and understand the role 

 
   

 
Foster  relationships with business team members by being proactive, displaying a thorough understanding of the business processes and by recommending innovative solutions 


Communicate  project output in terms of customer value, business objectives, and product opportunity 


 
  

 
 Promote data science methods and processes across functions  
  

 
 
   

 
Work  with our businesses and infrastructure teams to develop a strategy that will clearly outline how our enterprise platforms can enable business growth & productivity. Also understand the role and what specific tools are needed in an enterprise like Honeywell. 


Key Responsibilities      
Develop data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, data visualization and machine learning solutions     
Foster relationships with business team members by being proactive    
Communicate project output in terms of customer value, business objectives, and product opportunity    
Promote data science methods and processes across functions     
   

 You Must Have: 
 
 Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics   
 
   

 
We Value : 
 
 PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related field  
 Strong Data Science prototyping experience (Python and/or R tool-stack)  
 Machine Learning experience of physical systems  
 Experience with distributed storage and compute tools (e.g. Hive and Spark)  
 Experience bringing prototypes to production on Hadoop platforms and/or as containerized services.  
 Experience with Streaming Analytics (i.e. Spark Streaming)  
 Experience with Recurrent Neural Network architectures  
 Experience with Natural Language Processing  
 Experience with Image Analytics  
 Experience with SQL  
 Experience with Tableau  
 Experience working with remote and global teams  
 Results driven with a positive can-do attitude   

  
Additional Information  

JOB ID:  HRD38824 

Category:  Engineering 

Location:  715 Peachtree Street, N.E., Atlanta, GA 30308 USA 
Exempt   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Atlanta, GA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         50572
