Our Exciting Work Environment
 This position will be based out of Delaware North’s new global headquarters, a state-of-the-art, 12-story, mixed-use building in downtown Buffalo, N.Y. The headquarters facility, reflective of our values, integrates the latest advances in environmental, energy conservation and office design.    The Opportunity
   At Delaware North we have a a long history of operational success and we have ambitious goals for our future growth and operating performance. These aspirations are supported by a transformative enterprise-wide initiative called True North. True North re-imagines the Delaware North operating model by creating processes and tools and providing enhanced support to our local teams that will enable us to best serve our guests, clients, and 55,000+ associates.      
 To achieve these goals, we need people like you. The True North team is hiring a Senior Data Scientist to provide business insight to support Delaware North business units and disciplines by performing analysis of data, with the goal being to help drive improvements in guest experience, revenue or expense management.  The position includes all phases of the analytics pipeline, including data extraction/acquisition, exploratory data analysis, data cleansing, transformations, feature engineering, statistical analysis and communication of business insights/recommendations.   
 Work interactively with internal clients in finding business insights, recommended actions and strategic business opportunities.  Communicate intermediate and final analytic business results and insights to business partners.   Provide leadership in the application of principles of the Delaware North analytics strategy in addressing business opportunities.  
 Exercise self-management and good judgement in execution of deliverables.  
 Determine the best methods to acquire, process and analyze data per request parameters and analytic strategy on the most complex business problems.  
 Perform statistical analysis to support business initiatives.  Design, develop and deliver complex custom and analytic solutions.  Create prototypes and new approaches where existing approaches are insufficient.  Ensure outputs are error-free, accurate and useful to internal clients.  
 Partner iteratively with management and business representatives to understand, document and validate requests/requirements.  Projects may include, but are not limited to:  
 Documenting and exploring new data sources  
 Developing business metrics and interactive reporting  
 Creating validated predictive models to forecast business and customer behavior  
 Business insights and recommendations to increase revenue, profit, guest experience, or reduce cost, loss and fraud  
 Integrating analytic product into business or technical systems    
 Adherence to established policies, particularly around information security, privacy and acceptable use.  
 Able to foster collaborative relationships with analytic peers and internal clients.  
 Share knowledge with and learn from peers.  Communicate results in a manner that business partners can understand and action.   
  Qualifications :    
 Masters in Business, Mathematics, Computer Science or Analytics is required.    
 SAS certifications or other data science certifications a plus.   
 Minimum of 4+ years experience in an analytics or business intelligence role.   
 Data processing in SAS, SQL or equivalent.   
 Statistical analysis, using SAS, R, Python or equivalent.   
 Strong Excel skills.   
 Data visualization experience (SAS Visual Analytics or Tableau) is preferred, as are predictive analytics/machine learning.   
 Demonstrated ability to translate between technical and business concepts, and communicate to a broad variety of functional areas.   
 Ability to work without sponsorship.   Who We Are
Take your career beyond the ordinary—to the extraordinary. 
At Delaware North, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. Whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. We empower you to do great work in a company with 100 years of success, stability and growth. If you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision, grow with us. 
Delaware North is one of the largest privately held hospitality companies in the world. Founded in 1915 and owned by the Jacobs family for more than 100 years, Delaware North has global operations at high-profile places such as sports and entertainment venues, national and state parks, destination resorts and restaurants, airports, and regional casinos. Our 55,000 employee associates are dedicated to creating special experiences one guest at a time in serving more than a half-billion guests annually. Delaware North operates in the sports, travel hospitality, restaurant and catering, parks, resorts, gaming, and specialty retail industries and has annual revenue of about $3 billion. Learn more about Delaware North, a global leader in hospitality, at  www.DelawareNorth.com . 
All applicants will be subject to a pre-employment background check and may be subject to a pre-employment drug test depending upon the position and/or client requirements. 
Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status.  Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer. 
  
#LI-PE1 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hamburg, NY 14202-2285 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         531805-expVer-19
