This is an entry-level data science role within the Corporate Marketing team, focused on creating and optimizing solutions to deliver success to our digital marketing brand. The team's objectives are to guide and support our digital transformation and maximize the return on investment with ad placement/delivery on various digital platforms as well as work closely with our Business Units to optimize campaigns. We do this through identifying and gathering the data needed to engineer insights and/or solutions that can be utilized to target effectively, improve content, timing of ads and what mediums are most effective. We work in a fast paced, highly collaborative environment to quickly generate insights and implement action where appropriate. Data discovery and engineering highly encouraged. Create and improve quantitative behavioral models, optimization models, experimental design, code review/sharing, visualization of results and presenting to internal team.

Job Description

The Data Scientist is responsible for developing tools to collect, clean, analyze and manage the data used by strategic areas of the business. Clearly communicate methods and conclusions with simple language and innovative visualizations to management and executives.

Employ techniques and theories drawn from mathematics, statistics, in particular from the subdomains of machine learning, classification, cluster analysis, and data mining.

Work effectively on a team as well as a self-driven individual to do research and develop cutting edge and effective solutions for the business.

Provide expertise in analyzing and visualizing large, complex, and unique data sets.

Create new insights that will drive business growth and profitability in the short and long term.

Deploy analytics code with a continuous integration environment incorporating version control, build servers, and test servers.

Design and implement programs and automation to collect, mash up, process and analyze distributed real-world data.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand complex business problems, build statistical models, and create predictive tools.

Qualifications

Bachelor's or Masters degree(s) in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Economics, Operations Research, Statistics or related discipline

Experience with relational and non-relational databases.

Experience with tools for managing, analyzing, and visualizing large datasets.

Programming experience with Python preferred or similar experience with R, SAS, and SQL.

Creativity and persistence in locating, extracting and analyzing any and all relevant data.

Problem solving versatility: making the best decisions possible given the data quality and time available.

Strong analytical thinking and ability to quickly pick up new methods, tools and programming languages.

Preferred:

Good verbal, written and visualization communication skills relaying data science findings, problems, etc to business users.

Good working knowledge of PL/T-SQL

Expertise w/ econometric and machine learning methods for predictive analytics

Good knowledge of optimization methods, feature engineering

Education

Bachelors or Equivalent

Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Denver

Requisition #: 214563

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, "protected statuses"). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
