At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.

Responsible for applying machine learning and data science to create quantitative capabilities for the business. Explores tools and technologies to lead the company’s transition into adopting Big Data and cloud tools.

Responsibilities

Hands-on advanced analytics leader who utilizes machine learning for text analytics/Natural Language processing to automate customer interactions to create business value for the credit card customer lifecycle

Partners with business and process owners to identify automation opportunities, build, and implement models and strategies. Presents findings from analyses and makes recommendations to leadership.

Partners with leadership to ensure understanding of requirements and performance levers for each analysis. Identifies value drivers and partners with business and process owners to define success measures.

Develop and implement quantitative solutions that leverage structured and unstructured data from internal and external sources

Analyze and mine very large quantities of free-form text as well as structured data to find patterns and insights using the multiple Analytical Stacks like R, Python, Spark, SAS, SQL etc. in Hadoop or Cloud based environments like AWS

Deep knowledge of Machine Learning and Statistical Algorithms such as KNN, SVM, Clustering, Random Forests, GBM, deep learning using Keras and Natural Language processing packages such as Spacy, NLTK, Gensim, GloVe etc

Work with the Technology teams to implement the quantitative solutions in a Hadoop/AWS/Cloud based Eco-system

Explore new tools and techniques available and ensure that Discover stays on the frontier of analytic capabilities

Minimum Qualifications

At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:

Ph.D. in Quantitative discipline (statistics, economics, engineering, computer science, or related field)

1+ years of experience in data science experience, or related field

In lieu of a degree, 2+ years of experience in data science, including a Master’s Degree

In lieu of a degree, 6+ years of experience in data science, including a Bachelor’s Degree

#LI-DK1

Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or as a qualified individual with a disability.
