Job Description

Intel invites you to join the team that develops and implements Resolution Enhancement Techniques that assist the successful pattern transfer from mask to wafer in a sub-wavelength imaging regime and enable the manufacture of every Intel silicon product. This team resides at the critical interface between Design and Manufacturing at Intel and enables the first step in silicon manufacturing. It's operations transform the chip design to generate data for photomask fabrication and wafer inspection. This data transformation is at the cross roads of VLSI Design, Photomask Technology, Photolithography, and High Performance Computing.

What you'll do:

In this position you will perform numerical modeling, computational simulation, layout manipulation, correction algorithm development using scientific software tools written specifically for these purposes. You will utilize knowledge of state-of-the-art principles and theories in photolithography, optics, modeling, and software engineering to investigate potential new technologies 2-4 years prior to being applied to product. This highly specialized and complex work requires the acquisition, handling, vetting and analysis of very large data-sets; involves all aspects of process flow and methodology development including: requirements gathering, functional specification, scientific programming, quality assurance, technical approval, and coordination of massive distributed data processing operations.

The successful candidate is both detail and results oriented, relies on sound engineering judgment, and has solid data analysis, critical thinking, and presentation skills to arrive at timely solutions for complex and highly constrained problems. This opportunity is intensely collaborative & requires the continuous interaction with fellow group members and adjacent engineering teams, to absorb an in depth understanding of technology design rules, discover integrated requirements, and negotiate with internal customers to identify optimal solutions in a dynamic environment. The successful candidate will need to continue their education in this fascinating and multi-disciplinary field and expects to continuously encounter and overcome problems with root cause solutions. Does this sound like you?

This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly.

Qualifications

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Relevant experience can be obtained through school work, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/or work experience.

Minimum Requirements:

This position requires a Ph.D. or Master's degree in Engineering, Physical Sciences, Mathematics, Optics, Materials Science, Computer Science, or a related scientific discipline.

Preferred Qualifications:

3+ months of experience with engineering operating systems such as Linux, programming languages such as C++; scripting languages such as Python, Statistical analysis packages such as JMP; general purpose scientific applications such as MatLab, R, Mahout, Octave, Weka; Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, HBase, Lucene/Sol is helpful.

3+ months of experience in:

Coding

Machine learning

CAD tools

Geometry algorithms

Image Processing, Geometric and Fourier optics

Nanometrology (e.g. Scanning Electron Microscopy, Atomic Force Microscopy, etc.)

Design of Experiments & Analysis of Variance techniques

Semiconductor fabrication, Lithography, Lithography simulation, Optical Proximity Correction

Inside this Business Group

As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....
