Principal Data Scientist - Telecommute - Central or Eastern Time Zones-838580  
  Description    Dueto growth, we are looking to build out our Advanced Research and Analytics teamand need a Principal Data Scientist to join our team. You should be anexceptional disciplined and self-motivated Data Scientist with predictivemodeling and advanced analytics experience and a passion for working withhealthcare data (relevant experience with data from other industries ofinterest as well; financial, retail, telco, etc.), experience using variouscomputational approaches, and a portfolio of projects you can show and talkabout.  
   You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within Centralor Eastern time zones as you take on some tough challenges. 
  

Primary Responsibilities:   
Improve and extendthe analytic methods in our products. 
Work alongside otherdata scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement modelsand experiments from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation,feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performancetracking and documentation. 
Conduct hands-on dataanalysis and predictive analytics on large datasets. 
Effectivelycommunicate complex technical results to business partners. 
Support and driveanalytic efforts around machine learning and innovation. 
Work with a greatdeal of autonomy to find solutions to complex problems.     
  Qualifications  

Required Qualifications:   
MS or PhD in AppliedMathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or a related technicalfield. 
5+ years of hands-onexperience in data mining and predictive analytics with machine learning / statisticalmodeling techniques 
5+ years ofexperience with advanced data science tools such as R or Python 
Confidence withwrangling large datasets with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive and Spark 
Experience applyingcomputational algorithms and statistical methods to structured and unstructureddata 
Experience combininganalytic methods with advanced data visualizations using, for example, Tableau,Shiny or D3 
Expert ability tobreakdown and clearly define problems 
Strong ability tocommunicate highly technical results to a diverse audience  
   
PreferredQualifications:    
Strong skills in SQL  
Experience withmachine learning in H2O 
Experience inConsumer Experience and Call Center Analytics   

    
Careerswith UnitedHealthcare.  Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 17organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and buildingthe industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution.Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession withdriving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is servingemployers and individuals, states and communities, military families andveterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resourcesof an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second tonone. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do 
your life's bestwork(sm)  
   *All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealthGroup’s Telecommuter Policy. 
       Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere:UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Actionemployer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employmentwithout regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protectedveteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity orexpression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristicprotected by law.  
    UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace.Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.  
  
  
Job Keywords: data scientist,principal data scientist, R, Python, Hadoop, Hive, H2O, advanced analytics,predictive analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, data modeling,UnitedHealth Group, UHG, telecommute, Telecommuter, Work from home, Remote,Minnetonka, MN, Atlanta, GA, Minnesota, Georgia, Dallas, TX, Texas, Orlando,FL, Florida, Boston, MA, Massachusetts  
 Job  Data Science 
 Primary Location US-MN-Minnetonka 
 Other Locations US-FL-Orlando, US-GA-Atlanta, US-TX-Dallas, US-MA-Boston 
 Organization  Analytics &amp; Data Science 
 Schedule  Full-time   
 Number of Openings  1         

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Minnetonka, MN 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2129406
