Who we are:

Collective Medical is a fast-growing Utah-based company determined to prove that exceptionally crafted software and passionate healthcare providers and health plans, together, can improve the health of some of the most vulnerable members of our community. Our software closes the communication gaps that undermine patient care. We help healthcare professionals work together more seamlessly so that they can deliver a better care experience to their patients. Our network is nationwide. We serve every national health plan, hundreds of hospitals and health systems, tens of thousands of providers, and tens of millions of patients. The result? Our software is proven to reduce the cost of care, streamline coordination across provider teams, and reduce medically-unnecessary hospital visits.

Our mission:

Eliminate avoidable risk and friction from care delivery. In other words, we work to catch people before they fall through the cracks of our very complicated healthcare system.

Why we love working here, in the words of our own team:

“We have good, smart, humble, caring people. The people here are good and they care about our mission and the difference we're making in health Care.”

“I see the benefits my work provides. The people here are amazing. I feel empowered to succeed.”

“I feel like what we do matters and the employees are working together not against each other!”

Other reasons we love working here:

It’s all. about. the. MISSION. Seriously, we are a highly mission-driven company.

The cause is noble and pure.

We’re obsessed with culture, people, and opportunity.

At or above-market compensation.

Unlimited PTO.

Generous benefit package including company-sponsored healthcare, dental, vision, disability, life-insurance, 401K.

Gym membership reimbursement

Loaded break room, Monday lunches, and lots of other meals throughout.

Quarterly team and company events

The Role:

Collective Medical is looking for a Machine Learning Data Scientist to lead our machine learning and predictive modeling work.

The Machine Learning Data Scientist will be responsible for leveraging real-time and historical healthcare data to developing, maintaining, and implementing predictive models that help our customers focus on the right patients at the right time for care coordination efforts.

Who you’ll work with:

The Machine Learning Data Scientist will work closely with product, dev, IT, and the rest of the data science team in the creation, maintenance, and implementation of machine learning predictive models that drive better healthcare outcomes, helping our customers improve care coordination.

What you’ll be doing day to day:

Predictive Modeling & Machine Learning:

Designing and developing new ML predictive models for new and existing customers to provide insights to healthcare providers to improve healthcare delivery, creating a better experience for both providers and patients.

Maintaining and updating existing predictive models, integrating additional data sources, testing impacts, etc.

Preparing big data, implementing data models and developing database infrastructure to support predictive modeling business solutions

Identifying business trends and problems through complex big data analysis. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently.

Skills and experience we’re looking for:

Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in data science, physics, mathematics, statistics, computer science, econometrics, social science, or actuarial science. Master’s degree or PhD preferred, but not required.

4 to 7 years of related predictive modeling / machine learning work experience or equivalent combination of education and experience is ideal

Previous healthcare related industry experience preferred

Experience with Python, Machine Learning, Tensorflow, PyTorch, NLP, A/B testing, a plus

Experience with data mining and visualization tools such R, SAS, Java, Python, Tableau, as well as querying languages (SQL, etc.)

Experience with cleaning, aggregating, and pre-processing data from varied sources. Experience creating complex SQL queries for standard as well as ad hoc data mining purposes.

Demonstrated ability to work with minimal direction, with the ability to coordinate and project manage complex activities.

Find out more about us:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/zinamoukheiber/2017/11/29/how-collective-medical-technologies-conquered-emergency-rooms-on-a-bootstrap/#123715c16824

https://www.collectivemedicaltech.com/news/press-releases/collective-medical-secures-47-5-million-in-series-a-funding/

Collective Medical empowers care teams to improve patient outcomes by closing the communication gaps that undermine patient care through seamless collaboration. With a nationwide network covering every national health plan in the country, hundreds of hospitals and health systems and tens of thousands of providers—including hospitals, emergency departments, skilled nursing facilities, primary care providers, mental and behavioral health clinics, and others—Collective Medical’s system-agnostic platform is trusted by healthcare organizations and payers to identify at-risk and complex patients and facilitate actionable collaboration to make better care decisions and improve outcomes. Based in Salt Lake City, Collective Medical is proven to streamline transitions of care, improve coordination across diverse care teams, and reduce unnecessary hospital admissions. Learn more at www.collectivemedicaltech.com and follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
