As a data scientist in the Chief Data Office (CDO) group, you’ll use your talent for breaking down business challenges into data-driven problems that guide improvements in customer satisfaction and generate millions in savings and potentially revenue. Your solutions could influence everything from fleet optimization and energy efficiency to content analytics and marketing – often before the problem even happens. Add the ongoing skill development and collaboration with some of the brightest minds in the field, and you will be poised to make an impact. You will utilize the latest machine learning and statistical algorithms to create predictive and prescriptive models by detecting and exploiting patterns in massive datasets. You will also create data visualizations and give presentations that will help key stakeholders in their decision making process.

Ready to combine your skills and experience with our innovative technology solutions? We are looking for candidates who love learning new things, like playing with data and want to get things done. We need people that feel comfortable across the entire spectrum of data science, from meeting with business partners and brainstorming on the whiteboard, all the way to implementing and testing their models.

Requirements

An advanced degree in a quantitative field preferred

Programming experience with a programming language (preferably Java, Python or R)

Knowledge of Unix/Linux systems

Self-starter and team player

Passionate about constantly learning new skills in a fast-paced environment

Ability to communicate with a wide range of audiences, from executives who need the big picture to expert peers that want to learn from your work

Capacity to translate complex and open-ended business challenges into concise data-driven problems

Preferred Qualifications

Experience creating models utilizing Machine Learning and/or Statistics

Great intuition, curiosity and skepticism when analyzing data

Experience designing and implementing your own algorithms and data structures

Exposure to the Hadoop Ecosystem tools (e.g Spark, MapReduce/Tez) or other big data technologies

Experience manipulating big and noisy datasets (e.q. SQL, Pig, Hive)

Bonus Points

Competitive Programmer or Competitive Data Scientist

Committer to Open Source Projects

Development of personal projects

Knowledge of scalable data visualization techniques

Ability to create prototypes quickly

Experience manipulating and analyzing large datasets

Contributing author on publications in graph methods

Knowledge Graph and Knowledge Representation experience

Distributed graph processing experience

Startup, consulting or leadership experience

Education and Experience

Preferred Masters of Science in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing; Data Analytics, Machine Learning or Business Analyst nanodegree; or equivalent experience. Experience:

Typically requires 10 or more years experience or PhD in an approved field with a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience

This position requires Daily Office Presence in Plano, TX or Palo Alto, CA. No relocation assistance is provided.
