Business Group Highlights 
 Intelligence  
The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions.  Responsibilities 
Data Scientist servers as a member of the customer’s mission outreach team whose role is to improve analytic products and increase consumer base across community. Data Scientist has daily interaction with the customer to understand enhancements to the systems and various products. Interacts with analytic community to understand needs and identify new and novel ways to use existing products. Data scientist will analyze current mission data to help evaluate trends and mission utility. Other duties include the following:   
Determine and employ the most appropriate research design for data collection and analysis.   
Acquire, process, and refine large and complex data sets from various sources; utilizing computer programming where necessary.   
Analyze, evaluate, and assess quantitative data to contribute to or develop software tools, analytic models or reports.  
Conduct statistical, mathematical, geospatial modeling or data-mining analysis in partnership with other Data Scientists or Analysts.   
Anticipate or project possible outcomes using scenario/alternative analysis, machine learning, and other advanced analytic techniques.   
Identify, use and/or develop a wide range of methodologies and analytic tools to address existing or potential problems and strategies.  
Present findings and recommendations to appropriate groups and helps to determine what actionable steps can be taken based on the findings.   
Prepare written, technical and non-technical reports to management, indicating analytical finding and models.                                                                 Qualifications 
Requires 8 to 10 years with BS/BA or 6 to 8 years with MS/MA or 3 to 5 years with PhD. 
US Citizen with a current TS/SCI Clearance and Poly required- Bachelor’s degree (technical degree preferred) and a minimum of 5 years of related experience - Demonstrated on the job experience developing and documenting custom algorithms in response to customer requirements. 
- Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. 
- Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations for business and analytic decisions.- Demonstrated on the job experience with SQL, R, Python, or Matlab. 
- Experience leading analysis projects and/or studies 
- Excellent analytical and problem solving skills; Experience using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative technical solutions or approaches to problems 
- Experience in developing visual aids to include motion video, graphics and charts to accurately present results of data analysis 
- Excellent presentation and communication skills; Demonstrated ability to clearly explain technical issues to technical and non-technical audiences 
- Experience with aerospace remote collection planning, tasking, and analysis. - Good time management skills; ability to support multiple projects; ability to multitask and manage competing priorities- Comfortable acting as customer representative to external stakeholders- Demonstrated ability to work with customers providing detailed and unbiased feedback, guidance, and recommendations- Demonstrated ability to quickly ramp up to support the customer’s needs, clearly communicate (orally & written) ideas, work autonomously, take the initiative to provide creative alternatives to intractable challenges or systemic problems.- Must be a team player and possess a strong ability to work collaboratively with a diverse team as well as work independently with minimal supervision  About Perspecta 
What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds.  Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering. 
  
Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector. 
  
Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Chantilly, VA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         4 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         82378
