Job Description

Description

The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), Office of Information Technology (OIT) is seeking to acquire highly qualified cross-functional Data Scientists and developers. The Transformation Data Science Services (TDSS) II team will be part of an ecosystem, participating with federal employees, and other contractors, in a team-based Development and Operations (DevOps) approach to deliver business value (the performance measurements, Key Performance Parameters (KPPs) are established in Operational Requirements Document (ORD)) frequently, cost-effectively, responsively, and with high quality.

The TDSS II teams shall provide Data Analytics Services within the DevOps framework; perform analysis of the USCIS Electronic Immigration System (USCIS ELIS) and related data for forecasting and system growth analysis. This analysis is intended to support data-driven decision-making, as well as development of automated dashboards and tools, which provide analytic insight to ELIS program.

Responsibilities: Oversee a team of 11-16 Data Scientists, Data Analysts, Data Engineers, and DevOps Engineers who will:

Deliver code from creation, to running in the pipeline, to deployment and sustainment with zero downtime deployment (ZDD).

Utilize the ELIS roadmap to conduct an exploratory statistical analysis for each ELIS line of business.

Translate business requirements into technical requirements.

Provide estimation and planning support.

Apply an analytics-driven approach, including machine learning, to surface unusual patterns or behaviors during case processing.

Conduct ELIS data analysis to measure efficiency and effectiveness of new ELIS functionality.

Define sensible metrics to build descriptive, predictive and prescriptive models.

Extract, transform and load (ETL) structured and unstructured data into Databricks Unified Analytics Platform.

Perform analytics in Databricks Unified Analytics Platform.

Store methods that are employed for the Statistical Data Analysis and Reporting along with each analysis in GitHub.

Develop and sustain Program Dashboard with Tableau and open source tools.

Comply with ELIS DevOps development, testing, and standard operational procedures (SOP).

Collaborate with other vendors, stakeholders, and government employees to collect data needed to aid decision-making.

Maintain good configuration and data management methods.

Use DHS USCIS approved methods and tools.

Qualifications

At least 15 years of experience. Must have level III expertise in the data analytics field, building analytic models and methods, and the skillsets to be able to provide end-to-end technical solution. Must have resided in the US at least three of the last five years. Should have experience leading teams in a data DevOps environment. Preferred experience with BI Analytics Dashboards using Tableau. Ability and experience assessing business objectives, conducting gap analysis of existing versus needed capability, and identifying business requirements. Experience evaluating business requirements to identify potential software, hardware, and system architectures can be employed to meet business objectives. Experience developing potential technical solutions to meet business needs and support analysis of alternatives for best fit. Experience evaluating technical trends and provide recommendations for technology and architecture to meet business objectives. Experience performing research on emerging technologies to support proof-of-concept (POC) capabilities and identify future solutions for the organization.

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
