About us

Bringing True Hospitality to the world.

We want to welcome you to a world of bringing True Hospitality to everyone. When you join us at IHG®, you become part of our global family. A welcoming culture of warmth, honesty and a passion for providing True Hospitality.

We pride ourselves on letting your personality and passions shine, recognizing the individual contribution you make and supporting your ambition to learn and create your own career path. In making a difference to our guests and owners, colleagues and communities, every day is a chance to create great and unique experiences, in your own way.

With over 370,000 colleagues in nearly 100 countries sharing our values, there’s countless opportunities at your fingertips.

We’re growing; grow with us.

Your day to day

Senior Data Scientist plays a pivotal role in the organization. The Sr. Data Scientist will be expected to operate with minimal supervision and mentor data scientists to complete analytical tasks and productionalize model-driven solutions. IHG is leveraging machine learning and its vast data assets to build cutting edge Machine learning models. The senior data scientist will join a cross-functional team developing machine learning solutions. Collaborating with data engineers and subject matter experts, the senior data scientist will deliver results which support directional action by business teams across the Revenue Management, Loyalty, Sales, Operations and Technology functions. They will partner with other data scientists to establish best practices and thought leadership for a machine learning platform to serve all of IHG.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop a thorough understanding of business problems through interviewing stakeholders and subject matter experts.

Build recommendation engines, sentiment analyzers, and classifiers for unstructured and semi-structured data.

Analyze and model structured data using advanced machine learning methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses

Derive what is critical and what is extraneous to solving the business problem. Understand the data requirements for formulating the solution

Research new data sets and determine their quality and feasibility

Manipulate data to support various statistical techniques

Build machine learning models appropriate for each business problem

Collaborate with data engineers to ensure solutions are successfully operationalized

Responsible for leveraging and developing Big Data platforms using Cloud architecture with structured and unstructured data sources.

Effective storytelling with data. Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision-makers

Passionate about machine learning. A thought leader who researches the latest tools, techniques, and trends and looks for innovative approaches.

Always learning – about data science, industry, market, business, etc.

Critical thinking skills. Ability to assess a situation from multiple points of view

High personal and professional standards; unassailable integrity and ethics

High-energy and self-starter personality.

Strong structured coding skills.

Team Oriented- able to train, develop, and mentor other data scientists.

What we need from you

Qualifications:

Masters or PhD in computer science, analytics or other relevant lines of study strongly preferred

At least 5 to 10 years’ experience performing advanced quantitative analyses

Experience in mentoring others on the team

Experience with data visualization tools e.g. Tableau.

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, K-means, NLP, Naive Bayes, SVM, XGBoost, Random forest, etc. Experience with recommendation engines.

Applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Experience with common data science toolkits in R and Python

Experience working in with Major Public Cloud environments.

Experience with relational databases and proficiency in query languages such as SQL.

Experience working with very large datasets, knowledge of distributed computing tools (Spark etc.) a plus.

What we offer

We’ll reward all your hard work with a great salary and benefits – including great room discount and superb training.

Join us and you’ll become part of the global IHG family – and like all families, all our individual team members share some winning characteristics. As a team, we work better together – we trust and support each other, we do the right thing and we welcome different perspectives. You need to show us you care, that you notice the little things that make a difference to guests as well as always looking for ways to improve - click here to find out more about us.

IHG is an equal opportunity employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans

Band Level : 6
