Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, or a related field.

2+ years’ experience in data modeling, ETL development, and Data Warehousing

2+ years’ experience with BI/DW/ETL projects.

Do you want to be able to impact millions of customers? Can you envision a time when the experience is so good that technical support isn't necessary? Then we're looking for you!

Amazon revolutionized customer service, now we are changing what customers expect from technical support. We’re responsible for the Customer Service operations and solutions for all Amazon Devices and Digital properties, from the Kindle and Echo, to Amazon Music and Prime Video. In this role you’ll be supporting millions of customers, across many dynamic Amazon businesses.

We lead the technical innovations in these spaces and set the bar for every other company that exists. We love data, and we have lots of it. We're looking for data scientist to own end-to-end business problems and metrics which would have a direct impact on the bottom line of our business while improving customer experience.

You will be responsible for understanding the customer behavior related to technical support and define the opportunity to improve our Self-service and automation solutions. You will work closely with product managers, technical teams, and customer service operation teams to explore next cut-edge technology can be used to improve customer experience.

Technical guru; SQL expert

Strong communication and data presentation skills

Strong problem solving ability

Technically deep and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within the organization.

Experience working with large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using AWS technologies – Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline and other big data technologies.

Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority/Women/Disability/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation/Age
