Transform how people work, manage and live their lives through data-driven analytics and advice.

As a market research consultant at Gallup, you’ll conduct analysis on client industries, marketplace trends, and customer behaviors and environments. Using your strong writing skills, you’ll create customized, solution-based deliverables for client teams and act as a liaison between Gallup’s operational teams and key customer partners. As subject-matter expert, you’ll answer client questions, present recommendations and develop strong consultative partnerships. We’ll depend on your curiosity and commitment to illustrate the valuable impact of Gallup’s solutions and world-class customer analytics and on your data-driven marketplace advice.

If market research is your passion and helping organizations use data to make key business decisions is your talent, we may have an opportunity for you. Partnering with some of the most engaged researchers in the world, you’ll have the incredible opportunity to change how companies create, grow and sustain thriving businesses. Join Gallup, and create transformational change through data-driven customer analytics and advice.

Who we want:

Curious thinkers. Do you get excited by analyzing customer research and finding insights in data? Can you see patterns before others do? If your answer is yes, we want to meet you.

Data experts. Statistics are just numbers to some people. But for you, they’re discoveries waiting to be uncovered . You excel at translating complex data and abstract concepts into significant revelations that influence clients’ business decisions, and you know what questions to ask to meet customers’ needs.

Poised professionals. This role requires someone who can expertly answer clients’ questions, explain customer analytics methodologies and findings clearly and simply, and earn the credibility to advance recommendations. You’re the expert. Can you uphold our prestigious brand?

Multitaskers. We look for consultants who are adaptable and who can prioritize the urgency of competing demands. We want the best — those who never fail to execute with excellence.

Accountable partners. While you’ll have the opportunity to work with our senior scientists and researchers, you’ll also be responsible for running datasets, analyses and overall projects on your own. We want achievers, go-getters and responsible partners who we can count on to own their projects.

Qualifications

What you need:

Master’s degree or Ph.D. from a market research, statistics, computational social science, business analytics or operational research program or related field

4+ years of experience with customer market-based research

2+ years of relevant work experience in consulting

Proven expertise in survey research, regression analysis and statistical concepts

Proven expertise in SPSS, SAS, Stata or R

Proficiency in Python a plus

Experience working in multidisciplinary teams

What we offer:

Collaborative partnerships with highly engaged and tenured associates

A strengths-based, engagement-focused and performance-oriented culture

Flexible work environment

World-class managers who support, position, empower and engage you

Ongoing learning and development opportunities

Mission-driven work that changes the lives of people and organizations around the world

A beautiful downtown Omaha office that sits on the Missouri River and boasts 50 acres of land

Onsite benefits, including state-of-the-art child development center, cafeteria, federal credit union and workout facility

Gallup is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer that celebrates, supports and promotes diversity and inclusion. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.

Primary Location
 
United States-Omaha
