Title

Machine Learning Engineer

Job type

Full time

Location(s)

Washington, DC

Purpose

A fast Growing IT Company in the federal-space looking to expand team at USCIS, Washington DC office.

Duties

Research and develop statistical modeling for data analysis.

Collaborate with team members to drive understanding of product needs and devise possible solutions.

Discuss results and ideas with key partners.

Implement new statistical, or other mathematical methodologies, as needed for specific models or analysis.

Work with Engineering team members on deploying insights and models and continuous model training and deployment.

Keep up-to-date with newest developments in data science and machine learning.

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor's degree in related field.

1-2 years of demonstrated experience.

You have experience with functional or imperative programming languages—e.g., PHP/Hack, Python, Ruby, Go, C, or Java/Scala.

Background in data science and statistical analysis.

Experience with natural language processing, computer vision and deep learning.

Ability and interest in learning new technologies quickly.

Salary & Benefits - Offering competitive pay plus full scale benefits.

Health insurance coverage.

3 weeks of PTO.

401k.

40% Remote work option.

Alternatively please apply through our website at www.skilled-hire.com/career to be considered for this position.

Skilled Hire is an equal opportunity employer

Skilled Hire considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual preference, personal appearance, family responsibility, the presence of a non-job-related medical condition or physical disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
