Position Description

A Data Scientist is responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop custom models and algorithms to drive business solutions. Data Scientists work on project teams in order to provide analytical support to projects (for example, email targeting, business optimization, consumer recommendations) for Walmart eCommerce. Data Scientists are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources in order to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. Data Scientists are responsible for training the algorithms so they can be applied to future data sets and provide the appropriate search results. Data Scientists are responsible for researching new trends in the industry and utilizing up-to-date technology (for example, HBase, MapReduce, LAPack, Gurobi) and analytical skills to support their assigned project.

Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally.

Build learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis.

Combine data features to determine search models.

Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships.

Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans

Develop custom data models to drive innovative business solutions.

Develop models of current state in order to determine needed improvements

Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity

Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions

Research new techniques and best practices within the industry.

Scale new algorithms to large data sets.

Train algorithms to apply models to new data sets.

Utilize system tools including (MySQL, Hadoop, Weka, R, Matlab,ILog).

Validate models and algorithmic techniques.

Work with cross-functional partners across the business.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor of Science and 5 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 2 years' data science experience.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Company Summary

What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
