Description

Raymond James is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join its Data Science team. This individual will be responsible for architecting, designing and building enterprise-scale machine learning applications as a core service.

Responsibilities:

Analyzes system requirements, participates in all phases of the machine learning project.

Performs in a lead role developing and unit testing the algorithms and models, guiding the process through formal QA and user acceptance and implementation to production.

Provides a proactive interface between project stakeholders and senior management team to ensure complete and accurate definitions of business requirements and delivery of business applications.

Develops, prepares, presents and maintains technical documentation, implementation plans, staffing recommendations, work breakdown structures and schedules.

Performs project risk assessments, including identifying key risk factors, providing effective mitigation strategies and assigning contingency action plans to both schedules and budgets.

Manages overall delivery, including applying established methodologies, using change control templates and processes; serving as a liaison with internal customers and external suppliers; and communicating regularly with project stakeholders.

Qualifications

Master’s or higher degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related quantitative field and five to seven (5-7) years of work experience; or a combination of education, training and experience.

5+ years of experience in using machine learning and data mining techniques to analyze complex (structured, unstructured and semi-structured) data

3+ years of Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience in implementing solutions with common NLP frameworks and libraries in Python (NLTK, spaCy, gensim) or Java (Stanford CoreNLP, NLP4J)

Common NLP techniques, such as

o Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming)

o Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis)

o Modeling and word representations (TF-IDF, LSA, LDA, word2vec)

Proficiency in data engineering and working with SQL and NoSQL databases

Experience working with large data sets and big data technologies

Experience using GitHub for version control and collaboration

Strong drive to implement solutions, working with various external vendors and internal business units throughout Raymond James.

Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills.

Identify, build and manage key relationships across all levels of the organization.

Strong analytical skills with the ability to solve complex problems.

Ability to optimize work processes, multi-task and handle multiple projects with demonstrated follow-through.

Licenses/Certifications:

None required.
