Master’s degree in the related fields

3+ years of non-intern Data Science experience

1+ years of quantitative experience in Logistics/Supply Chain, Transportation, Engineering or related Businesses

3+years experience Python

Exceptional written and verbal communication

Advanced analytical skills and business judgment

Experience partnering with sales and/or engineering team

Advanced SQL and comfortable with LP modeling

Amazon is seeking an experienced candidate to develop and manage our growing global supply chain as part of Amazon Global Logistics.

Since 1995, Amazon has focused on being "Earth's most customer-centric company." Amazon Global Logistics supports and advances this mission by developing game-changing international capabilities and innovative supply chain strategies. We are a fast-paced, exciting, and growing organization in search of the planet's most talented supply chain professionals. We "think globally, act locally" to revolutionize a worldwide customer experience and fulfill our promise to become the world's first truly global e-commerce company.

This candidate will deliver network design recommendations and analysis for Amazon Global Logistics. Strong candidates will have a history of success in delivering concise insights that enable tangible results, turning ideas into reality with smart and effective solutions. They are excited by an opportunity to "go deep" on a variety of initiatives, and will leap at the chance to guide business strategy through the collection and synthesis of complex data.

Responsibilities of this role include:

Performing creative analysis using incomplete data to answer strategic business questions and support program development.

Optimizing worldwide flows of inventory, both existing and new, to balance speed, placement and inbound cost.

Communicating strategic decisions in formal updates to a wide variety of stakeholders, including executive-level sponsors.

Some travel, including international travel, will be required for this role. This travel is not expected to exceed 10%.

PhD in Statistics, Engineering, Math, Economics, Computer Science or other technical fields

Proficiency in multiple global business languages

10+ years of experience in a global supply chain and/or logistics environment, including distribution operations

Expert level skill with industry-standard analytical and tools, including SQL and Tableau

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation/Age
