Who we are: At Hypergiant, our work is driven by individuals pushing the boundary and always professionally challenging our clients to think differently. We’re seeking individuals who are both analytical and creative and can help us fuel our motto: Tomorrowing Today. We’re based in Texas and have a strong track record of working with some of the biggest brands around the world in industries spanning retail, oil & gas, energy, aviation, healthcare, and more. We provide large enterprises with cutting-edge advice, bespoke technology solutions, and deployment expertise needed to harness the value out of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Our goal is to work with forward-thinking organizations and to help them understand how Artificial Intelligence will affect their business and their industry.

Description

Hypergiant is putting together a world-class team of Machine Learning and AI practitioners and is seeking stellar Data Scientists to join our movement. At Hypergiant, you will enjoy a unique opportunity to use your creativity both to pursue fundamental research and to apply cutting-edge techniques within applied projects. You will work to evaluate, improve, and develop products for Hypergiant and our clients. You will be responsible for collecting, analyzing, and interpreting vast amounts of client data to identify ways to help their business improve operationally and gain a competitive edge over their rivals.

Responsibilities:

Design, build and optimize data-driven models using machine learning and analytical techniques.

Collect, clean, and regularize data using industry best practices, and apply and recommend Hypergiant data quality standards.

Evaluate and recommend 3rd party data science tools and services.

Conceive and create insightful visualizations of data and models.

Collaborate with engineers to deploy models into production.

Document and present model plans and results, workflows, best practices, and recommendations.

Qualifications:

A Bachelors degree in Data Science (or Data Science equivalent) OR Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or relevant degree coupled with a suitable intensive data science program post-graduation.

2+ years of professional experience or relevant internships

Demonstrated aptitude in designing and implementing data driven models using machine learning techniques such as Decision Trees, Random Forest, Support Vector Machines, and Neural Networks.

Fluency in a statistical programming language such as Python or R.

Proven creative problem-solving skills.

Strong written communication skills.

Must be eligible to work in the us without sponsorship.

Hypergiant, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace. We offer a generous benefits package, including company contribution to medical benefits. We offer unlimited PTO. In addition, we offer a fun, flexible work environment, company-sponsored activities, and commit to providing each employee with job satisfaction by addressing core needs. Learn more at hypergiant.com.
