Sr. Data Scientist - 41787

Data Science - USA New York, New York

Senior Data Scientist

N ielsen is the largest measurement company in the world with unique measurement technologies, assets, and data that make it one of the most interesting and challenging places for a data scientist to work. We focus on what consumers watch, listen to, and buy in over 95 countries.

Data Science is core to what Nielsen does, and our research projects have high visibility in directly affecting the results of our business and our clients. This Senior Data Scientist role in the Digital Data Science team provides an opportunity to contribute to methodological innovation in the exciting and fast-changing world of digital media measurement.This is an ideal position to grow as a researcher, contribute to innovative products, and develop subject-matter expertise in digital methodology and cross-platform audience measurement.

Key Responsibilities

Develop new methodologies to enhance the Digital in Television Ratings and Custom Digital Content Ratings products

Leverage data from multiple sources (including Nielsen’s panel data and 3rd party data)

Oversee / complete regular updates of existing methodologies currently deployed in the Digital in Television Ratings and Custom Digital Content Ratings products

Evaluate quality and accuracy of data from both internal and external sources using statistical models and existing Nielsen data assets

Manage the Data Science day-to-day workflows of Digital in Television Ratings and Custom Digital Content Ratings work

Oversee the production of data science enhancements to existing digital products (Digital in Television Ratings and Digital Content Ratings)

Advise on necessary product enhancements and features

Work with stakeholders to manage the data science backlog for product enhancements and plan data science capacity for new work

Support necessary validations, documentation, methodology overviews, capacity planning / feature mapping, and internal stakeholder support

Act as a liaison and subject matter expert with key internal stakeholders (e.g. application development, engineering, client business partners) and external stakeholders (e.g. clients)

Engage in discussions on the strategic direction of these products from a client perspective.

Participate in internal and external knowledge exchanges (conferences, workshops, webinars).

Manage a personal workload that requires a 60/40 split between leadership skills and technical skills

Transition quickly from research and development work to product management and strategy work

Explain technical concepts to a diverse group of stakeholders

Range includes technical deep dives to high-level overviews

Skills Required

This position requires a detail-oriented person who has experience completing statistical analysis using multiple data sources and managing internal and external stakeholders.

Master’s in statistics, quantitative social sciences, economics, or hard sciences (e.g. engineering, computer science, biology, physics, etc.) with outstanding analytical expertise and strong technical leadership

OR 3-5 years of work experience focusing on the following:

Creating, organizing, analyzing, and correcting datasets of various sizes and accuracy using statistical models

Coding in data science-related programming languages; required experience with Python and SQL

Leading and managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders

Excellent communication & presentation skills (written and verbal)

Demonstrated experience managing projects end-to-end

Demonstrated experience working in teams

Industry knowledge of digital audience/media measurement

Ability to work independently and solve complex problems

Skills Desired

Experience working with global cross-functional teams of various sizes

Demonstrated technical storytelling skills and experience explaining technical concepts to internal and external clients

Experience working with Git / code-versioning tools

ABOUT NIELSEN

We’re in tune with what the world is watching, buying, and everything in between. If you can think of it, we’re measuring it. We sift through the small stuff and piece together big pictures to provide a comprehensive understanding of what’s happening now and what’s coming next for our clients. Today’s data is tomorrow’s marketplace revelation.

We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 100 countries. From global industry leaders to small businesses, consumer goods to media companies, we work with them all. We’re bringing in data 24/7 and the possibilities are endless. See what’s next with us at Nielsen: careers.nielsen.com

Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.

Job Type: Regular

Primary Location : New York , New York

Secondary Locations: CA - Los Angeles, IL - Chicago, FL - Tampa - Oldsmar,CA - San Francisco

Travel: Yes, 5% of the Time
