The Role

The role of the Data Scientist is to build data products to improve our platform and client services offerings. Toward this goal you will conduct analyses, develop predictive models, deploy dashboards, and build reporting tools to process and interpret FanAI’s data sets. You’ll work directly with our Product, Engineering, and Client Services teams, reporting to our Head of Data Science, to improve and extend the data products and capabilities FanAI offers to clients, and will communicate methodology and insights to a range of technical and non-technical stakeholders at the appropriate level of detail to empower them to take action with confidence.

This is the role for you, if

You LOVE sports, entertainment, gaming, and esports

You are passionate about making clients happy and being a key driver of client success

You want to scale analyses and models to build data products

You are a fantastic communicator of technical information, able to break down complex concepts into easily digestible chunks that don’t oversimplify

You understand data at scale, and want to work with a team of data scientists and engineers to find patterns and insights in that data

You have the DNA to be part of a fast, vibrant, ever-changing tech startup

You’re eager to immerse yourself in new technologies including Machine Learning, Big Data and graph analysis

Responsibilities

Conceptualize and develop new analyses and models; own projects from start to finish

Productize and scale analyses and models, and work with our Engineering and Product teams to deploy them within the FanAI platform

Support the Client Services team with creative and rigorous methodology to provide the right insights for our clients

Create data products, including dashboards, data pipelines, reporting tools, and packaged analyses and modeling tools, to extend the capabilities of internal and external facing teams

Desired Qualifications

Data Science is a broad discipline that covers a wide array of skills, and with professionals from many different backgrounds. At FanAI, we’re looking for data professionals who can independently take technical projects from beginning to end through their full lifecycle, and can communicate the outputs to stakeholders across many business functions and levels of technical fluency. The qualifications listed below are typical of those we feel will be successful in the role, but we recruit for individuals, not checklists.

Ph.D. in quantitative or analytical field or Masters with 2+ years experience in industry

Expert in several of the following: Statistics and statistical modeling, experimental design, machine learning and probabilistic models, time series forecasting, clustering methods, graph analysis, and other related methods

Significant programming experience, preferably in Python, R, and SQL

Fluency in data analysis and communication of complex data sets in simplified, understandable ways

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Ability to handle ambiguity and easily prioritize and multitask

Ability to deliver technical work on time, with rigor, great attention to detail, and with minimal oversight.

Bonus points for

Ability to write production-ready code

Experience working with engineering teams to deploy services and models to production

Experience with cloud technologies (e.g. Google Cloud, AWS), Big Data technologies (e.g. Spark), and other Data Science technologies (e.g. Docker, Airflow)

Previous work experience in sports and entertainment with teams, leagues, brands, influencers or event organizers

Experience in client-facing role delivering reports and presenting insights to clients

We provide a fast-growing, fun and professional atmosphere. A place to express and grow yourself professionally and the opportunity to advance your career through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.
