IDEMIA National Security Solutions (NSS) is the premier provider of integrated identity solutions for United States Government. Our deep understanding of biometric, biographic, credential, and digital forms of identity allows us to guide our clients to achieve their business goals. NSS’ leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and professional services facilitate and automate many of the business processes for government agencies serving law enforcement, military and intelligence missions.

IDEMIA National Security Solutions is seeking a Data Scientist for a key permanent opening we have in Huntsville, Alabama. For consideration, candidates must have experience with:

Integrating and preparing large, varied datasets,

Architecting specialized database and computing environments,

Working closely with clients, data stewards, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound agency decisions.

Responsibilities

Works in iterative processes (following Agile methodologies) with the client and validates findings.

Provide DevOps support to deploy visualization, analysis, analytics, and anomaly detection capabilities. As directed by the government.

Evaluate, deploy, and operate visualization, security analysis, and anomaly detection capabilities;

Implement machine learning to improve existing anomaly detection and analysis capabilities

Develop and deploy custom dashboards and visualizations or modify existing ones.

Provides business metrics to show improvements

Research, evaluate, and implement statistical methods to track security metrics.

Closely interact with the security team to determine requirements and prototype solutions.

Required Skills

Skills / Experience Qualifications

US Citizenship is required along with the ability to obtain an a Security Clearance.

Must have advanced Analytical Skills

Experience working within Agile methodologies

Bachelor’s, preferably in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field

2 or more years of relevant quantitative and qualitative research and analytics experience

Solid knowledge of statistical techniques

The ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets

Demonstrable knowledge on the following technologies: Python, Machine Learning, Data Visualization, SQL database, XML

Proficiency devising and applying algorithms to mine data and ability to identify patterns and trends

Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

Required Experience

Additional “Desired” Skills/Experience

Government experience, Law Enforcement Agency preferred

PhD in Data Science or related field preferred

Experience with large-scale entity resolution preferred

Must be United States citizen (dual citizenship is not allowed)

IDEMIA is an equal opportunity employer.

We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex,

sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
