We are actively seeking a Senior Data Scientist to work at our client's location in Chapel Hill, NC. This is a 6-month contract to hire opportunity.    
  The Sr. Data Scientist will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact working collaboratively with a team of experts with diverse functional skills, to continually build your own competencies in a learning-obsessed environment, and to identify and solve problems in the rapidly evolving patient health space.   
   Responsibilities:     	
  Develop predictive and prescriptive analytics addressing patient engagement, patient adherence, patient pathways, and clinical outcomes.   	
  Develop workflows to manage the full data life cycle from acquisition to actionable outcomes.   	
  Collaborate with our internal team to brainstorm and contribute to collectively advance the analytics portfolio.    	
  Use statistical and machine learning methods to develop, improve and test a variety of prescriptive and predictive models.   	
  Supervise design, analysis and presentation of findings from pilot studies and observational research, using classical statistical methods (multivariate regression and survival analysis).    	
  Specify, monitor, test software codes and systems working with vendors.    	
  Maintain current knowledge of best practices and advances in predictive analytics and machine learning.   	
  Collaborate to develop white papers and build presentations.    
  Requirements:    	
   Master’s or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering or closely related field.     	
   5+ years of experience, with not less than 3 years in the healthcare field.    	
   Experience in patient analytics, using claims, refill, electronic medication monitoring, and/or self-reported data a plus.     	
   Proficient user of data science software such as R and Python along with experience with Spark or similar tools.     	
   Experience working with SAS, SQL, SPSS, or Stata.     	
   Experience with data visualization and presentation.    	
   Adept at presenting complex concepts to colleagues and customers    	
   Strong communication skills and ability to collaborate with others.     
    Job Requisition # 29906     
   APC believes that the workplace should be fun and enjoyable. Join our team today and ignite your career!    
     Meet APC       
     Company – Staffing – 501 – 1000 employees       
    APC is a professional services organization focused on engaging people and positively impacting lives. We offer excellent benefits and the opportunity for longevity, working with our premier fortune 100 clients. As professionals serving professionals, we take pride in providing our employees with the highest level of customer service and support, creating meaningful, fulfilling and rewarding experiences every day.       

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Chapel Hill, NC 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         29906
