At Globant (www.globant.com) we strive daily to deliver powerful innovative software solutions for our clients through our unique Digital Journey approach. Our passion for technology reverberates in every area of our organization and drives our creativity. Working for us means being at the convergence of engineering, design, innovation and scale. It means being part of a tightly knit and driven team whose work directly affects the products and bottom line of our clients.

Our bar is high, but so are the results we achieve.

We are seeking an experienced Senior Data Scientist to join our team to build tools for a distributed data processing platform into a challenging hi-tech company. You will work developing new algorithms to process large scale data efficiently with a large team of interdisciplinary engineers.

Responsibilities:

Data extraction in Hive, SQL

Design and implement data pipelines for processing and aggregate data

Descriptive analysis, visualization, dashboard, PPT

Orchestrate data ingestion into Data Warehouses such as HBase

Work with stakeholders and a cross-functional team to understand requirements to develop data science framework

Develop and deploy AI/ML solutions

Build collaborative partnerships with software architects, technical leads and key individuals within other functional organizations

Ensure code quality by actively participate in code reviews. Test solutions and ensure it meets specifications and requested performance

Build and foster a high performance culture, mentor team members and provide your team with the tools and motivation to make things happen

Leads the analysis and design of quality technical solutions

Requirements:

BS or MS in Mathematics/Data Science or related technical field or equivalent combination of education/experience

A minimum of 8+ years of experience in global algorithm development and deployment

Extended experience with Python, SQL

Extended experience in AI/ML framework

Focus to details, data science algorithms, data structures, and distributed algorithms

Experience with Hadoop ecosystem (Spark, Hive, HBase) is a plus

Knowledge on streaming data and data pipelines

Knowledge on Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) and distributed processing techniques such as Map-Reduce

Experience working with large scale enterprise organization with cross-functional teams

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Great problem solving and analytical skills

Experience working in solutions over any major Cloud provider (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a plus

Experience creating UI/user interface is a plus

We are interested in hard-working, fast-learning talents and we have the know-how and scale to help you make your own career path. If you seek an entrepreneurial, flexible and team-oriented culture, come join us.

We are ready.
