Summary

The Sr. Data Scientist will join a team that is on an upward trajectory to enhance Hyatt's competitive advantage through use of data to make decisions. Our vision is also to explore and understand our Customer data while building statistical models for both prediction and description of data for our customer.

As the Sr. Data Scientist on the Analytics Team, you will have the opportunity to provide key input into Hyatt’s global analytics strategy. The Analytics Team is responsible for building a unified platform to handle the various data analysis workloads across the company. You will work with key stakeholders across all our business units to design, build, and operationalize their strategic analytics objectives. This is position will have significant influence into the future direction of the Analytics Team

A candidate capable of driving projects to their succesful outcomes with effective communication and interpersonal skills will do well.

This position reports to Global Head of Analytics.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with Project Managers and business stakeholders to execute Analytics projects. This includes outlining specific deliverables, provide imput to project plans and milestones.

Analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses

Perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods

Leverage data management processes and available infrastructure / Relation data soruces/API tools to develop POC capabilities/solutions

Work alongside ETL engineers to establish an analytics platform to be used across the business

Use good software engineering practices (appreciate the importance of good coding practices to DS, unit testing, version control using git, code review)

Ability to conduct large scale projects and research through all stages: concept formulation, definition of metrics, determination of appropriate statistical methodology, research evaluation, and final research report

Mentor other team members as needed

Demonstrate a commitment to Hyatt core values.

The position responsiblities outlined above are in now way to be construed as all encompassing. Other duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may be required and/or assigned as necessary

Qualifications

Experience

At least 7 years of professional experience as a Data Scientist

Detailed knowledge on a range of analytical techniques (e.g. Supervised and Un-supervised machine learning techniques, graph data based analytics, statistical analysis, time series, geospatial, nlp, sentiment analysis, pattern detection to name a few)

Good understanding of data manipulation/wrangling techniques

Experience with command-line scripting, data structures and algorithms and ability to work in a Linux/Windows environment, processing large amounts of data in an on-premise and/or cloud environment

Automate the model building process

Good data modelling intuition

Proven ability to influence and work with cross-functional teams. Significant skill required to work effectively across internal functional areas in situations where clear parameters may not exist.

Strong work ethic and personal integrity; self-directed and self-motivated with a highly developed curiosity and willingness to learn and to teach.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as interpersonal and influencing skills; ability to define and capture business needs along with articulating strategic implications of analytic results with clarity and persuasiveness in an audience appropriate manner.

Education

MS/PhD in a quantitative field: computer science, econometrics, mathematics, statistics, analytics, or other related field

Computer Skills Needed to Perform this Job

Three or more years programming in R and/or Python

The candidate should have strong knowledge of database concepts and SQL

Experience with Spark is desired

Experience with h2o is preferred

Experience with Alteryx is preferred

Experience with Tableau or other data visualization tools is desired

Expert in Microsoft Office suite, especially Word, Excel and PowerPoint

Familiarity with data warehousing concepts

Expert in Microsoft Office suite, especially Word, Excel and PowerPoint.

Familiarity with IBM DB2 and SQL Server (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS) databases.

Familiarity with IBM SPSS and SAS tools for data exploration and mining is a plus
