We are looking for highly-motivated and highly-skilled individuals who can take ownership of the development and deployment of analytics solutions using various data science techniques including statistics, econometrics, machine learning, mathematical optimization, visualization, and geospatial mapping. You will work closely with business stakeholders and other project team members to support Ford Customer Service in driving profitable growth in the areas of Parts Supply & Logistics (PS&L), Service Engineering Operations (SEO), and Ford Component Sales (FCS).

You will acquire deep understanding of business opportunities in these areas and face the challenge of addressing them with analytics solutions.

Primary responsibilities will include:

Working collaboratively with cross-functional teams while independently performing tasks as needed

Identifying data sources

Processing and cleaning data

Developing analytics solutions such as clustering, regression, econometric forecasting, optimization, visualization, and mapping

Deploying in business systems or analytics platforms for business use

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in engineering, operations research, computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, geographic information system, or related quantitative field

3+ years of work experience in data science within manufacturing, product development, supply chain, logistics, service engineering, or geospatial mapping OR in lieu of 3+ years of work experience, a Master’s degree and 1+ years of related work experience.

3+ years of experience using statistical software and programming languages like Python, R, CPLEX, Matlab, Java, Hadoop, AWS, Tableau, QlikView, and/or Alteryx OR in lieu of 3+ years of experience, a Master’s degree and 1+ years of related experience.

3+ years of experience in large data processing and cleaning. OR in lieu of 3+ years of experience, a Master’s degree and 1+ years of related experience.

Preferred Qualifications

Ph.D. in engineering, operations research, computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, geographic information system, or related quantitative field

1+ years of data science experience in manufacturing, product development, supply chain, logistics, service engineering, geospatial mapping

1+ years of experience using statistical software and programming languages like Python, R, CPLEX, Matlab, Java, Hadoop, AWS, Tableau, Qlikview, and Alteryx

1+ years of experience in large data processing and cleaning

Additional Information

We are looking for people who share our passion in helping transform Ford as we prepare for the future shaped by autonomy, smart mobility, and electrification.

Join our team as we create tomorrow! We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because we’re Built Ford Tough. We’re one team striving to make people’s lives better while creating value, delivering excellence and ultimately going for the win.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status
