POSITION DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Collaborate on the design, implementation, and validation of solution components using cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse data as a means to achieve clinical initiatives and support practice objectives. • Write optimized code, applying statistical/ML models using database, and/or general programming languages/tools, and perform team code review for production-worthy software solutions. • Utilize test-drive development and apply data-driven QA to guide the creation of quality software. • Perform data exploration and data mining and conduct research on innovative solutions to apply to the team's clinical objectives. • Provide mentorship and guidance to junior teammates, modeling effective working relationships. • Discover business narratives told by the data and communicate them to other teammates, managers, etc.DESIRED PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, or other quantitative fields and minimum 6 years of experience in quantitative analysis, data science, or related field; Master's degree + minimum of 4 years or PhD + minimum of 2 years of experience is preferred. • Exceptional coding skills in Python with specific expertise with natural language processing and regex; other coding experience is a plus. • Conducted research or have previous work experience using and implementing natural language processing-based solutions using a variety of standard and/or innovative approaches. • Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques/approaches and algorithms. • Ability to explore complex data sets and extract value from them using ETL and ad-hoc scripting skills. • Familiarity with software tools/practices such as Git and unit/integration testing. • Experience with data tagging practices and tools for supporting supervised machine learning NLP models. • Experience with query languages and SQL databases and/or NoSQL database's such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase. • Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, matplotlib, ggplot2. • Familiarity with "Agile" and/or "Scrum" development cycles is preferred. • Ability to thrive in collaborative and independent work environments. • Ability to quickly learn and independently support existing products. • Comfortable interacting with business peers and SMEs to understand and identify use cases and able to articulate solutions. • Experience in the healthcare industry is desirable, but not required. • Experience professionally communicating technical concepts to other technical and non-technical audiences.
