OGSystems - Company Overview

Why be a government contractor when you can be a government innovator? Come work for an organization that has creativity, innovation, and drive rooted throughout its DNA. We are not like the others.

At OGSystems we don’t just create the best solutions we execute them in collaboration with our customers. Creating the best solutions starts with the best ideas and that requires the best people. We want people willing to out hustle the haters until they ask if we are hiring. Own The Outcome and join our culture of innovation and creativity.

Bring It!

Data Scientist/Data Engineer

Clearance: Must currently possess an active TS/SCI security clearance and be able to obtain a polygraph level clearance after hire

Location: St. Louis, MO

Years of Experience: 3 to 7 years relevant experience

Education: Bachelor's Degree or higher preferred

OGSystems is seeking a Data Scientist who is well versed in Data Management and Automation. The ideal candidate will provide data management and automation support with modernization objectives in mind. Modernization objectives that include but not necessarily limited to modernized database applications, as well as enterprise activities (e.g., GEOINT Workbench Foundation).

Own It!

Required Qualifications:

Develop a modernized data management workflow for various programs

Coordinate utilization and sustainment of the new database management processes and workflows with database developers and analysts

Research and understand present state data management workflows

Plan new workflows ensuring built-in automation

Ensure new workflows have the ability to be integrated seamlessly with modernized database applications and enterprise-level APIs

Assist in other data management tasks related to modernization activities

3 to 7 years of relevant experience

Bachelor's degree or higher preferred

Must currently possess an active TS/SCI security clearance and be able to obtain a polygraph level clearance after hire

Dream It!

Challenging work in support of US Intelligence Community - a Mission that Matters!

Access to our State of the art custom facility.

Crazy smart and collaborative coworkers.

Regular engagement with company leadership

Support for new ideas & encouragement to take risks

Medical

Dental

Vision

Life Insurance

Disability (Short and Long Term)

Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D)

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Flexible Spending Accounts

401(k) with company match

Paid Time Off

Tuition Reimbursement

Stock Options *Based on Career Level
