Data Scientist - 42410

Data Science - USA Chicago, Illinois

Data Scientist

The Nielsen Company is the largest global measurement company in the world with unique measurement technologies, assets, and data that make it one of the most interesting and challenging places for a measurement or data scientist to work. We focus on what consumers watch, listen to, and buy in over 95 countries.

Data Science is core to what Nielsen does, and our research projects have high visibility in directly impacting the results of our business and our clients. This position is in the Research methods team within Nielsen’s Data Science organization. The Research Methods team provides leadership and expertise across Nielsen to develop innovative, statistically sound, and cost effective research methodologies in support of the strategic business initiatives. We play a vital role in designing best practices and approaches for data collection, respondent communication, and panelist retention.

Job Purpose:

Work with cross-functional teams to design, implement, and test new consumer and audience measurement methodologies.

Identify and implement methods and best practices to improve respondent cooperation and retention, especially among hard-to-reach populations (e.g., Hispanics, Asians, young adults).

Assist in the design and testing of data collection methodologies for Nielsen panels and surveys.

Provide support for technical guidance and training of Nielsen operational teams, including Call Center and In-Person Field recruitment teams.

Develop test databases and statistically analyze sample performance and audience estimates; identify and utilize the appropriate software and statistical applications needed to meet the needs of the project.

Help to design, implement and analyze experimental research tests of existing and alternative survey methods. Assist with the assessment of costs, risks and benefits of these projects, as well as their system impact if implemented.

Responsibilities:

Support the execution of complex cross-functional research projects.

Use both qualitative and quantitative methods to improve survey methods and recruitment approaches.

Manage and analyze complex survey/panel data including developing data files, conducting quality reviews, data editing, and documentation.

Conduct usability research to develop and evaluate web/mobile applications and electronic materials.

Provide consultation on methodological and procedural factors that impact respondent cooperation and data quality such as questionnaire design and survey mode effects.

Estimated research and development costs for project budgets.

Construct clear and concise messages and have proactive communication with internal/external teams. Act as a liaison with external vendors and internal teams to ensure seamless operations.

Provide project status updates to management about key accomplishments, potential project risks pertaining to timeline and deliverables.

Stay abreast of procedural and technological developments in survey and measurement research methodology and changing technologies in the market place. Proactively identify applications of these latest developments to improve existing methods.

Author technical proposals, reports, and articles. Present research to internal stakeholders and at research conferences.

Utilize attention to detail when proofreading, translating, coordinating, or designing panelist-facing materials, surveys, and trainings.

Assist with the design and management of experimental and analytic studies on survey measurement of radio and other audio entertainment sources among the general public.

Maintain and modify documentation and communications related to longitudinal panel maintenance.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Behavioral/Social Sciences field such as Survey Methodology, Statistics/Sampling, Psychology, Sociology or a related field.

Knowledge of survey or similar research operations including questionnaire design, cognitive interviews, sampling, and survey administration.

Knowledge of multiple modes of data collection methods, including online and mobile surveys.

Knowledge of mixed-mode survey designs and panel recruitment and maintenance.

Ability to design sound methodologies within cost and operational constraints. Understanding of measurement error in data collection methods with the ability to mitigate using cost effective procedures.

High motivation with demonstrated capacity to work on multiple projects within set deadlines, under pressure.

Collaborative team player with willingness and desire to work with cross-functional teams of varying sizes.

Creative aptitude and ability and desire to explore opportunities for new research innovations.

Excellent oral and written communication skills required for presenting to and collaborating with groups of diverse backgrounds.

Ability to explain complex research concepts to individuals without a survey research background.

Qualitative research and analysis skills (including cognitive interviews, in-depth interviews, focus groups, etc.).

Quantitative research and analysis skills including competence with statistical software (Python preferred).

Knowledge of Data Science tools and methodologies, such as experience with unstructured data sets, APIs, machine learning, and information visualization is a plus.

Experience with Google Suite (Docs, Sheets, Slides, etc.).

Desired Qualifications:

Knowledge of advanced cognitive or behavioral methodologies (e.g., eye tracking).

Knowledge of large-scale, complex multi-stage surveys in Market Research or Government setting.

Proficiency in non-English languages and understanding of multiple cultures.

ABOUT NIELSEN

We’re in tune with what the world is watching, buying, and everything in between. If you can think of it, we’re measuring it. We sift through the small stuff and piece together big pictures to provide a comprehensive understanding of what’s happening now and what’s coming next for our clients. Today’s data is tomorrow’s marketplace revelation.

We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 100 countries. From global industry leaders to small businesses, consumer goods to media companies, we work with them all. We’re bringing in data 24/7 and the possibilities are endless. See what’s next with us at Nielsen: careers.nielsen.com

Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.

Job Type: Regular

Primary Location : Chicago , Illinois

Secondary Locations: FL - Tampa - Oldsmar, MD - Columbia, ,

Travel: Yes, 10% of the Time
