About the team

Zillow Group is currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join the Decision Science team in our Seattle office. Our team is tasked with absorbing billions of rows of data from dozens of sources, organizing them, analyzing them, and visualizing them to help inform both short- and long-term decision-making. Our structure is very flat and you will soon find yourself communicating directly with Senior Leadership. Each team member focuses on a cross-section of the consumer journey on Zillow Group platforms. We analyze how our consumers are interacting with our web and app products to ensure we are providing them with a delightful experience.

About the role

Once you’re here, you’ll work to make important, strategic decisions that influence the direction of the company. More specifically, you will:

Dive into Zillow's internal and third party data (think Hive, Presto, Python, R, Mode Analytics, Tableau) to make strategic recommendations on how to best understand and elevate our consumer experience.

Lead analytical efforts to develop scalable and methodologically rigorous approaches to performance measurement (e.g., AB testing, incrementality testing), consumer clustering, propensity modeling, consumer journey analytics, and other applications of advanced analytics.

Serve as a mentor to other Data Scientists on the team by leading learning academies and serving as an available resource for all things related to Data Science.

Provide thought leadership across a variety of technical and non-technical audiences to ensure that all levels of Zillow Group make objective decisions driven by data.

Work towards automating your routine work processes, which may include partnering with engineering teams to realize efficiencies and to scale your work for company-wide applications.

Who you are

You will not shy away from complexity or uncertainty. You will develop a deep understanding of our mission, business models, and consumers. We want you to use that intuition you've developed (both in business and real life) to find opportunities for growth and to cultivate insights from our massive data sets. We expect you to have:

A degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Sociology, Economics, Computer Science or related STEM discipline. Masters or PhD is highly regarded but not required.

6+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving, preferably focused on consumer-facing internet products.

Complete command of SQL, Excel, and either Python or R, along with some experience with Tableau,Mode, or other visualization software.

Extensive experience directly querying multi-terabyte-sized data sets (with Hive and Presto) including click-stream data (like Google Analytics), third party data (like Facebook) and raw data ingested from non-standard platforms.

Experience with ETL pipelines, scheduling and productionalizing (e.g., Spark, Airflow) a plus.

A strong understanding of concepts, terminology, measurement issues, and experimentation related to web analytics along with a history of applying advanced analytical approaches to derive insights from data.

Strong written, verbal, and visual communication skills to concisely communicate in a way that provides context, offers insights, and minimizes misinterpretation.

The skills to work cross-functionally and push business partners to focus on realistic goals and projects.

Get to know us

Zillow Group houses the largest portfolio of real estate brands on mobile and the web. We are on a mission to rewire the real estate transaction and are building transformational tools and services that make it easier for everyone to find and get into a home they love. We are working to create an on-demand real estate transaction experience for every stage of the home lifecycle - for buyers, sellers, renters and borrowers - and we're well on our way. No matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality for millions of people.

At Zillow Group, we're powered by our inclusive work culture, where everyone has the support and resources to do the best work of their careers. Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction is supported by our passion to empower people and enrich lives around everything home, a deep-rooted culture of innovation, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. But, don't just take our word for it. Read our reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (#69), Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity (#38), Fortune Best Workplaces for Parents (#31), Fortune Best Workplaces for Women (#20), Fatherly's Best Workplaces for New Dads (#37), JUST Capital 100 Company (#69), Bloomberg Gender Equality Index constituent.

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
