Job Description

Description

Are you interested in applying your technical expertise to solving noble missions related to national and global security, the health of the planet, or the nation’s food supply? SAIC is a leading provider of innovative solutions that make a profound difference in the world. We are expanding our team of Data Scientists! If you’re looking for an opportunity to work in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment, we’re looking for you.

Job Description:

Data Analyst Works in cross-functional teams with data at all stages of the analysis lifecycle to derive actionable insight.

Job Responsilbitlies:

Translates mission needs into an end-to-end analytical approach to achieve results.

Performs the pre-analytics areas of data collection and understanding, data cleansing and integration, and data storage and retrieval.

Determines the appropriate analytics based on the data and the desired outcomes, using techniques including feature detection, statistics, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, natural language processing, and business intelligence.

Interprets the validity of results and communicates the meaning of those results.

Has familiarity with data wrangling, analytics, and visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data.

Provides technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors.

Works under only general direction.

Independently determines and develops approach to solutions.

Frequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts.

Represents organization in providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.

Qualifications

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelors and five years or more experience. Four additional years experience may be considered in lieu of a degree.

Required Skills:

Experience with data wrangling, analytics, and visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data.

Experience using data analysis and visualization tools such as Tableau.

ETL development.

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
