PeaceHealth is seeking a Clinical Data Scientist - Provider Performance for a 1.0 full time equivalent Exempt position. This position will be working Day shift with shift durations of 8 Hours.

Req ID: 174357

JOB SUMMARY

Coordinates and carries our data analytics processes in accordance with regulatory requirements, Works with the team to develop templates, review documents and provide other core information needed for practitioner specific performance data which is required to be evaluated and analyzed by medical staff leadership. Responsible for communication of data needs, identification of data sources, development of data collection timelines, pulling/extracting data into needed reports, completion of data reports/profiles and tracking of clinical case data for the purpose of supporting and improvement of optimal clinical outcomes. Responsible for designing, reviewing, validating, and analyzing clinical data to provide recommendations to medical staff leadership. Provides support to medical staff leadership by utilizing clinical analytics to better monitor the care delivery process of providers through the use of clinical performance measures.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Utilizes Epic and Premier report writer tools, Physician focus and Quality Advisor to create reports to be reviewed by the medical staff for practitioner performance measures. Serves as expert in data collection methodologies, measurement development, interpretation, statistical analysis, statistical process control, and presentation used in order to explain variances in reports and answer questions from medical staff leadership.

Works with medical staff leadership to develop reports to alert practitioners to variances from established regulatory and care standards, quality community network and system standards, comparative specialty specific benchmarks and other summary findings. Provides report, profiles and summaries to medical staff leadership and other authorized individuals within specified time frames.

Collaborates and communicates effectively with the System Director Data Analytics, data analytics team, and others involved in the provider performance process.

Work collaboratively with the medical staff offices, to provide requested and required provider performance data which are within the defined parameters agreed to by data analytics leadership, medical staff to support the compliance of regulatory requirements.

Designs and implements provider performance reports, profiles, dashboards and scorecards to support a system level design whenever possible.

Supports provider performance priorities and processes to assure input from all stakeholders.

Attends meetings as requested and as agreed to by the System Director of Analytics at the medical staff local level and at the system level. Travels to attend meetings at the PeaceHealth System as requested.

Performs other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS Required unless otherwise stated

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s degree required,

Master's degree in Medical/Clinical/Healthcare Informatics or equivalent advanced degree is preferred.

EXPERIENCE/TRAINING:

Minimum 5 years related experience in data analytics in a clinical/hospital setting; ideally in critical care required.

Experience in performance measurement, continuous improvement, data reporting and/or data analysis required.

Experienced knowledge of drivers of national quality and patient safety requirements including but not limited to DNV, NAHQ, NHRQ, AHRQ, State Hospital Associations, CMS, Leapfrog required.

Registered Nurse preferred;

Experience with clinical quality measures and clinical process flows is preferred. Working knowledge of meaningful use, core measures, eCQM, and ability to establish future clinical analytics needs is a strong plus.

LICENSE/CERTIFICATION:

Certifications: Certified Professional in Health Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS) and/or Certified Associate in Health Information & Management Systems (CAHIMS); optional

Facilitation or project management certification is optional.

KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:

Self-motivated, works autonomously and ability to work independently, with minimal supervision

Strong verbal, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills; must be capable of making independent decisions

Ability to collaborate across departments and disciplines; must be a team player with great organizational skills, curiosity, and engagement

Ability to interact professionally, client facing, with executives, senior leadership, internal/external staff, providers, clinical staff, consultants and vendors

Ability to gather and present information to support project management efforts, high level of comfort with creating and presenting analytics to executives, senior leadership and providers

Attention to detail, with strong organizational and analytical skills, with flexibility and ability to prioritize. Must have the ability to define problems, collect data, evaluate data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.

Proven critical thinking skills and the ability to consider outcomes when designing analyses

Conflict management and group facilitation skills

Ability to manage multiple competing priorities, projects and display flexibility in a fast paced and changing work environment, including prioritization of work efforts

Proficient skills with Microsoft Word and Excel; Strong skills with MS Outlook, Skype, OneNote, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and SharePoint required.

SYSTEM PHYSICAL/COGNITIVE REQUIREMENTS:

Work requires fairly light physical exertion from up to 65% of the time.

Ability to lift objects weighing 30 lbs. or less.

Work is performed under normal working conditions with adequate lighting and ventilation.

Job duties frequently require intense concentration and attention to detail (up to 65% of work time).

Please apply online to be considered. For full consideration of your skills and abilities, please attach a current resume with your application.

About PeaceHealth

PeaceHealth, based in Vancouver, Wash., is a not-for-profit Catholic health system offering care to communities in Washington, Oregon, and Alaska. PeaceHealth has approximately 16,000 caregivers, a multi-specialty medical group practice with more than 900 providers and 10 medical centers serving both urban and rural communities throughout the Northwest. In 1890, the Sisters of St. Joseph of Peace founded what has become PeaceHealth. Today, PeaceHealth is the legacy of its founding Sisters and continues with a spirit of respect, stewardship, collaboration and social justice in fulfilling its Mission.

We offer competitive compensation, a robust benefits package and a collaborative, Mission-driven work environment! To learn more about working at PeaceHealth and the Bellingham community please visit our homepage: www.peacehealth.org/careers.

Get a feeling for the Spirit of PeaceHealth through this three-minute video, and visit us on Facebook or LinkedIn!

Questions? Review our Employment FAQ or email Recruitment@peacehealth.org. Please note this email does not accept resumes or applications.

Location: Bellingham, St. Joseph Medical Center (216)

Job Category: Business, Administrative & Facilities

Shift: Day

Shift Length: 8 Hours

FTE: 1.0

Work Type: Full Time

Hourly compensation starts at: $39.88, more depending on experience

Required Certifications/Licensure:

PeaceHealth is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified job applicants and employees without regard to the following statuses: protected veteran; qualified individual with a disability; race; ethnicity; religion; gender; pregnancy; gender identity; national origin; age; genetic information; sexual orientation; or any other protected status in accordance with local, state, or federal laws.

The above information is intended to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by this position. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of caregivers assigned to this job.

Posting Notes: Bellingham || Business, Administrative & Facilities || Risk Management & Quality || Full Time || QUALITY IMPROVEMENT
