This role has been created to support the US Petcare Organization. The role will directly enable the development of an advanced-analytics enabled enhancement of the go-to-market sales strategy. The candidate will produce insightful analytic data models to capture and explain performance trends of the Zoetis Sales Force, while driving optimization opportunities and proactive direction for the Sales Organization. The candidate will interface across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions and highlight customer-related insights, such as revenue generation ideas and strategies to detect and prevent potential customer defection. The candidate will also produce creative solutions to complex business problems using advanced analytical techniques, while leveraging both internal and external data sources. The role will involve frequent interaction with key stakeholders across the sales and marketing organizations, and provide the candidate with an exceptionally broad view of every aspect of Zoetis’ business, while serving as critical support for the US Petcare division.

To be successful, the ideal candidate will demonstrate a thirst for knowledge and natural curiosity to enable rapid learning of the Zoetis business model and data infrastructure at a scale to support a growing $2b region. The position involves working with structured and unstructured real-world data, requiring a candidate who is comfortable thinking independently about solving business problems. Candidates must be self-motivated, detail-oriented, have the ability to work with limited supervision, and must be comfortable in an environment of changing priorities. Candidates should have a strong business acumen, with evidence of delivered business value, preferably in a commercial setting

Build predictive models to inform advanced insights, account prioritization, next-best-action, campaign optimization, and commercial test-and-learn for NGSE

Perform predictive analytics to identify core opportunities to drive business value, utilizing machine learning techniques such as logistic regression, random forests, collaborative filtering, sentiment analysis and topic modeling

Generate buy-in and engagement by effectively communicating results through presentations and visualizations

Masters from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, or related field

Minimum of two years of professional experience working as a Data Scientist

Demonstrated experience building deployed prediction models to create business value, preferably in sales and marketing applications

Strong analytical mind and business acumen; ability to translate mathematical models and results into business concepts

Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills; demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to a non-technical audience

Fluency in English required

Experience in building predictive models in R or Python (Pandas/PySpark)

Experience in large-scale/distributed computing and analytics (Hadoop, Spark)

Strong statistics acumen including design of experiments

Knowledge of SQL

Experience with source control and collaboration tools (e.g. Git)

Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud)

Experience in data engineering a plus

Tableau / data visualization experience a plus

Software development / engineering experience a plus

Experience in scaled model testing, integration, and deployment (DevOps) a plus

Experience working in Microsoft tech stack including SQL Server and Azure preferred

Full time

Regular

Colleague

Zoetis is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status or any other protected classification. Disabled individuals are given an equal opportunity to use our online application system. We offer reasonable accommodations as an alternative if requested by an individual with a disability. Please contact Zoetis Colleague Services at zoetiscolleagueservices@zoetis.com to request an accommodation. Zoetis also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must possess or obtain authorization to work in the US for Zoetis. Zoetis retains sole and exclusive discretion to pursue sponsorship for the acquisition or maintenance of nonimmigrant status and employment eligibility, considering factors such as availability of qualified US workers. Individuals requiring sponsorship must disclose this fact. Please note that Zoetis seeks information related to job applications from candidates for jobs in the U.S. solely via the following: (1) our company website at www.Zoetis.com/careers site, or (2) via email to/from addresses using only the Zoetis domain of “@zoetis.com”. In addition, Zoetis does not use Google Hangout for any recruitment related activities. Any solicitation or request for information related to job applications with Zoetis via any other means and/or utilizing email addresses with any other domain should be disregarded. In addition, Zoetis will never ask candidates to make any type of personal financial investment related to gaining employment with Zoetis.
