We are currently seeking a Data Scientist II. This position is located in Columbus, OH

Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

JOB SUMMARY

Battelle's Advanced Analytics supports government, academic and private industry clients in the areas of healthcare, national defense, environmental, transportation, and energy. Someone in this role is expected to:

Perform sophisticated modeling and analyses of datasets in order to answer specific research questions

Determine appropriate methods, fill in technical details, identify problems and implement solutions, and develop new methods if necessary

Oversee others in extracting data from existing databases or literature and prepare data for data analysis using statistical and machine learning methods

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES

Participate in multiple, assigned research projects with minimal supervision and within time and budget constraints

Organize data from many different types of sources and at significantly varying scales for subsequent analysis

Critically evaluate data for quality measures such as completeness, accuracy, and applicability, applying understanding of relevant research area nomenclature

Solve unusual problems using a combination of appropriate statistics, machine learning, and computational methods

Create technical reports and presentations, describing results with tables, graphs, and software tools in a manner that the client can understand

Present research results to clients and participate in scientific conferences, peer review panels, and increase company visibility through publications

Build relationships with internal and external clients

Support business development efforts led by others

Plan and carry out appropriate professional self-development activities

Perform other duties as assigned

THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED

Master's Degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering (with a data analysis focus) or relevant related field OR Bachelor's with at least 2+ years experience. PhD highly preferred.

Expertise in manipulating and analyzing data (e.g., regression, classification, machine learning methods, mixed and generalized linear models, time series analysis, longitudinal methods, Bayesian methods)

Programming experience in R, Python, and/or Matlab

Strong analytical, multi-tasking, problem solving, organizational, and planning skills

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Attention to detail and adaptability

Ability to obtain and maintain a goverment security clearance, or current active clearance.

THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED

PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering (with a data analysis focus)

Experience with other statistical languages, such as Stata or SAS

Experience with C, C++, C#, Java, or similar programming languages

Demonstrated machine learning experience

Experience either as an intern, a research assistant, or an applied project consultant, demonstrating capabilities in data analysis and programming.

Ability to write and understand scientific algorithms

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.
