Convert raw and unstructured data relevant to emergency management and energy security into usable formats for practitioners. Develop models to address sponsor analytical needs and priorities. Develop data visualizations and other tools to support analysis and solution identification. Identify data-driven solutions to key strategic and operational challenges faced by emergency managers and energy security professionals before, during, and after disasters and other disruptions. Identify key patterns and trends related to natural and human-caused hazards and the emergency management discipline. Integrate machine learning and artificial intelligence into analytical processes and products.

Position Requirements

Required Knowledge and Skills:

Expertise in applicable programming languages including Java, Java Script, and Python.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

The ability to develop compelling visualizations using platforms such as Tableau, R, or other similar packages.

Ability to provide technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems.

Strong project management practices and the ability to meet deadlines.

Good communication skills including the ability to translate technical information into plain language.

Serve as a representative of the organization providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.

The selected candidates will have professional experience applying data science in the public policy, emergency management, or national security arena.

Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact, Safety, Respect, Integrity, and Teamwork.

As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Talent Recruitment Programs, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne’s Legal Department.
