Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Responsible for analyzing data, identifying trends, drawing insights, predicting outcomes, and summarizing information in a cohesive, intuitive and simplistic manner to business partners (including executive leaders) utilizing technologies to collect, clean, analyze, predict, and effectively communicate information. Define the business results expected from a project/program.

Differences across the levels of Project Manager are dependent upon increasing project complexity and increasing level of expected independence. Each higher level incorporates the expectations from the lower levels. Manage highly complex; projects or combination of projects.

Core Job Responsibilities

Responsible for implementing and maintaining the effectiveness of the quality system.

Analyze data, draw insights, predict and summarize results in a cohesive, intuitive, and simplistic manner to the business partners, including executive leaders.

Utilize technologies to collect, clean, analyze, predict, and effectively communicate information.

Examine data sets and determine the best end-to-end analysis plan to address key business questions and proactively identify opportunities for significant operations, process or system level product improvements.

Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trend and significant data relationships.

Develop machine learning models to apply test data algorithms to future data.

Validate models/analytical techniques and develop algorithms to execute analytical functions.

Works with stakeholders to define business question, requirements, timelines, objectives, and success criteria to address needs.

Maintain compliance with regulatory agencies; quality system and quality/project goals.

Assure that quality metrics will effectively integrate with and support existing programs and strategies so that long and short-term business goals are attained.

Develop alternatives to address major; strategic business problems. Assist management in selecting the specific action plans that will best meet the identified long-term business issues.

Participate on or lead division-initiatives to identify process improvements for quality metrics and predictive analytics.

May function as the contact with third party vendors.; Interface with other disciplines; internal clients; project staff and internal and external experts as required.

Prepare and present written and oral reports and other presentations to internal and external audiences.

Interact with senior level management to reach agreement regarding significant program strategies.; Interprets Results/Recommends Options: Determine if results match requirements. Ensures that the necessary documentation is in place to meet quality and regulatory requirements.

Draws Inferences: Assimilates disparate information from multiple sources; analyzes for trends; adjusts results and draws inferences Draws a resolution for disparate information.

Integrates Major Issues: Synthesizes organizational issues and underlying causes to make judgments; recognizes the impact and interconnections in the organization and/or system; develops and recommends alternatives that support business/project strategies.

Develops Division-Wide Solutions and Opportunities: Creates new models or systems to apply to division

problems/opportunities. Integrates Project Activities: Establishes project goals and implementation plans; develops detailed; cross functional; realistic time lines including resource requirements; plans for contingencies; estimates buffers; etc.

Establishes Goals and Develops Plans: Provides conceptual framework for plan; defines milestones; reviews project load and recommends staffing; reviews status; suggests revisions to plan as necessary; develops/recommends budgets. Adjusts Plans: Works with cross functional groups to ensure that buffers are established appropriately. Provides updates to senior management.

Continuously Improves: Recommends innovative ways to improve performance; quality and enhance profitability on an ongoing basis; modifies work processes and procedures in line with current quality and regulatory requirements. Works with cross-functional team to resolve resource conflicts; allocations.

Achieves Goals: Makes and meets aggressive commitments to achieve plans and maintain progress.

Manages Change: Evaluates the impact of changes and adjusts implementation activities to meet revised. Clearly communicates any changes and the impact to original plan to the cross-functional team and senior management in a timely fashion.

Builds Relationships: Initiates and cultivates open; honest; and beneficial relationships with colleagues and customers by establishing rapport; developing an understanding of others' needs; promoting common goals and following through on commitments.

Plans and Achieves Development Goals: Balances the time needed for accomplishing current work and planning and achieving development goals.

Receives/Gives Feedback: Asks for and gives feedback on the strengths and development needs of self/others; creates a team environment that encourages continuous learning and growth.

Establishes a Development Culture: Encourages the exchange of timely; direct; constructive feedback on strengths and development needs. Coaches; counsels and mentors others to improve performance.

Exercises leadership within and across the Division and site as appropriate.

Confronts Issues: Confronts issues in a constructive manner and at an appropriate organizational level. Drives for resolution of important issues.

Maximizes Productivity: Actively shares resources; ideas facilities; data to accomplish goals requiring cross functional collaboration and support.

Influences Outcomes: Uses constructive techniques to persuade; convince or influence others to follow a plan of action; influences across functions with authority; sponsors innovation and initiative among teams; inspires; measures; and rewards commitment and action.

Negotiates: Always seeks a win-win decision. Defines the business needs of all stakeholders; secures agreements and achieves results while successfully representing the best interest of the Corporation in a decision situation.

Acts as a role model and leads by example.

Evaluates Risk/Reward Tradeoffs: Recognizes strategy; quantifies and evaluates risks; recommends actions and develops contingencies to cope with various scenarios.

Provides Change Leadership: Recognizes and rapidly responds to changes in trends; market conditions and competitors as well as own organization's strengths and weaknesses.; Builds High Performance Promotes a Teamwork Environment: Involves team in planning; problem solving and using appropriate decision making processes. Celebrates successes; fosters open dialogue and focus on the issues; sets the example to work in collaboration with multi-disciplinary and diverse groups; encourages the development of team-based rewards and recognition; demonstrates task engagement behavior and ensures support of team member’s efforts to remain engaged until task completion.

Makes Decisions: Makes timely decisions with the best available information and using the appropriate decision-making processes.

Position Accountability / Scope

Accountable for the successful completion of quality metric analyses and reports on time and within budget.

Accountable for managing resources (direct or matrix) assigned to project regarding project tasks. Includes mentoring and providing feedback to team members.

Minimum Qualifications:

Knowledge of regulations and standards affecting IVDs and Biologics.

Bachelor degree in a discipline appropriate to the IT environment.

Minimum ten years relevant experience.

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degree

Advanced Experience with programming scripts such as Python, Java, Scala, C++ in Linux/Unix, and R

Experience in applying data analysis techniques to a large set of data using big data systems such as Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, or similar software

Advanced analytics knowledge and application in the field of

Statistics

Mathematical programming

Business acumen and experience with operational or strategic systems

This position can be filled at a lower level depending on experience.
