About Conduent

Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve.

We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world.

Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com.

Job Description

HEALTHCARE DATA SCIENTIST-Nashville, TN

The Data Scientist will leverage his/her understanding of programing, statistics, data gathering, data cleansing and visualization to effectively define insights.

Perform data analysis, develop algorithms and predictive and prescriptive models, forecasting, and present technical information to a broad audience across all areas of the healthcare industry.

Work to identify new data requirements across the organization, translate these requirements into data architecture (logical and physical), define and optimize data flow processes, and provide end-user tools to effectively distribute the information.

The ideal candidate should demonstrate a track record of successful use data analysis of both structured and unstructured data to generate data driven healthcare insights and produce actionable recommendations for business partners across the healthcare spectrum.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

2+ years of programming exp in Python, R or SAS

2+ years of exp in language processing algorithms, machine learning and AI, data segmentation classification

2+ years of exp with developing multidimensional data solutions using modern Dashboard/Reporting/Analytics tools

2+ years of strong project management experience

Experience managing 2-3 complex projects at any given time

Strong written and verbal communication, and interpersonal skills

5+ years of experience using data analysis to generate data driven insights and produce actionable recommendations for business partners

Ability to write queries in SQL is preferred

Knowledge of a relational and dimensional database modeling, business intelligence technology and meta-data management

Highly self-motivated and directed. Results oriented

Cross-cultural and team player who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment

QUALIFICATIONS:

B,S req (M.S pref) in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or similar

If this describes you, the timing is right, AND you HAVE the required skills & experience, please APPLY HERE.

Closing
