Overview

The Visiting Nurse Service of New York (VNSNY) is the nation's largest not-for-profit home- and community-based health care organization, serving the five boroughs of New York City, and Nassau, Suffolk, and Westchester Counties. For 125 years, VNSNY has been committed to meeting the health care needs of New Yorkers with compassionate, high-quality home health care. We offer a wide range of services, programs, and health plans to meet the diverse needs of our patients, members, and clients from before birth to the end of life.

Each day, more than 13,000 VNSNY employees- including nurses, rehabilitation therapists, social workers, other allied professionals, and paraprofessionals- deliver compassionate care, unparalleled medical expertise, and 24/7 solutions and resources to more than 48,000 patients and members, helping them to live the best lives possible in their homes and communities.

Responsibilities

Compiles, analyzes, and interprets healthcare clinical and utilization data for the Data Science Team. Provides statistical analysis design plans and leverages relevant data to support strategic business decisions. Conducts statistical analysis, forecasting, predictive modeling, and simulations according to the statistical analysis plan and develops reports, tables, visualizations and other supporting documentation to disseminate findings to business. Deploys forecasting applications or predictive models through various mechanisms. Works under general supervision. Education: Master&rsquot;s Degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Econometrics, Epidemiology or other statistics related degree required. Experience: Minimum of two years&rsquot; of data analysis experience required. Ability to apply statistical methods to data, draw conclusions from data, and make recommendations required. Experience using statistical software (e.g. R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, SAS, STATA) required. Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required. Knowledge of relational databases and programming experience in SQL preferred. Experience with R-Shiny and business intelligence applications preferred. Experience with medical claims and health assessment data (e.g. OASIS, UAS-NY) preferred. Knowledge of Medicare and Medicaid payment policy and alternative payment models (e.g. BPCI, PDGM Value Based Payments, dual-risk models, Hospice Final Rule) preferred. Hands on experience building and deploying predictive models (API, database ETL, R/Python application integration to BI or ETL tools), specifically in a health care setting, preferred. Application of quasi-experimental methods to health care data preferred.
