At LexisNexis, we develop the legal profession's most innovative products for data analysis, visualization, and research - uncovering insights about judges' rulings, revealing critical cases, enabling lawyers to make data-driven decisions, and more. LexisNexis seeks a Senior Data Scientist to join our rapidly growing team. As a senior member of the Data Science team, you will design systems to tackle tough problems in the legal domain and expand our award-winning products.

ACCOUNTABILITIES

Evaluate, fix, and help in the maintenance our data assets and training/evaluation data sets

Develop and implement scalable machine learning-based solutions

Pariticpate in model reviews with key stakeholders, including stakeholders with limited statistical backgrounds from among that set

Work with product leaders to apply data science solutions

Maintain current knowledge-base of best-in-class algorithms, API's, and open-source methods and be able to quickly evaluate alternatives

Translate complex business requirements into actionable stories with reasonable time estimates

Participate in knowledge sharing sessions (e.g. Guilds and Chapters)

DATA SCIENCE AND NLP SKILLS

Formal training in dimensionality reduction, clustering, and sequence classification algorithms

3+ years experience using Machine Learning package ScikitLearn

3+ years experience using NLP methods such as OpenNLP, StanfordNLP, Mallet, LDA, word2vec

PROGRAMMING SKILLS

3+ years recent coding experience using Python AND/OR (Java OR Scala)

SQL programming experience

CLOUD AND DATABASE SKILLS

1-3 years experience developing in AWS

1-3 years experience working in high-performance / large-scale (big data) computing systems (e.g Hadoop, Spark)

TEAM AND SOCIAL SKILLS

Strong collaboration and team skills (DIR/MGR)

LexisNexis Legal & Professional (www.lexisnexis.com) is a leading global provider of content and technology solutions that enable professionals in legal, corporate, tax, government, academic and non-profit organizations to make informed decisions and achieve better business outcomes. As a digital pioneer, the company was the first to bring legal and business information online with its LexisNexis services. Today, LexisNexis Legal & Professional harnesses leading-edge technology and world-class content, to help professionals work in faster, easier and more effective ways. Through close collaboration with its customers, the company ensures organizations can leverage its solutions to reduce risk, improve productivity, increase profitability and grow their business.

Part of RELX Group plc, LexisNexis Legal & Professional serves customers in more than 100 countries with 10,000 employees worldwide. LexisNexis, a division of RELX Group, is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.

RSRLNLP
