PwC Labs is focused on standardizing, automating, delivering tools and processes and exploring emerging technologies that drive efficiency and enable our people to reimagine the possible. Process improvement, transformation, effective use of innovative technology and data & analytics, and leveraging alternative delivery solutions are key areas of focus to drive additional value for our firm. The AI Lab focuses on implementing solutions that impact efficiency and effectiveness of our technology functions. Process improvement, transformation, effective use of technology and data & analytics, and leveraging alternative delivery are key areas to drive value and continue to be recognized as the leading professional services firm. AI Lab is focused on identifying and prioritizing emerging technologies to get the most out of our investments.

To really stand out and make us ?t for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future. As a Senior Associate, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to: - Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas. - Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results. - Develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems. - Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from from current trends in business area. - Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance. - Share relevant thought leadership. - Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others. - Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships. - Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct.

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:

Bachelor Degree

Additional Educational Requirements:

In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations

Minimum Years of Experience:

3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:

Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:

Business Analytics, Computer and Information Science, Mathematics

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:

Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:

New technology learning and quickly evaluating their technical and commercial viability;

Machine learning techniques for addressing a variety of problems (e.g. consumer segmentation, revenue forecasting, image classification, etc.); and,

Machine learning algorithms (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods, deep neural networks, etc.) and when it is appropriate to use each technique. Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader including the following areas:

New technology learning and quickly evaluating their technical and commercial viability;

Machine learning techniques for addressing a variety of problems (e.g. consumer segmentation, revenue forecasting, image classification, etc.); and,

Machine learning algorithms (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods, deep neural networks, etc.) and when it is appropriate to use each technique.

Building machine learning models and systems, interpreting their output, and communicating the results;

Moving models from development to production; and,

Conducting research in a lab and publishing work. Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success with a subset of the following technologies:

New technology learning and quickly evaluating their technical and commercial viability;

Machine learning techniques for addressing a variety of problems (e.g. consumer segmentation, revenue forecasting, image classification, etc.); and,

Machine learning algorithms (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods, deep neural networks, etc.) and when it is appropriate to use each technique.

Building machine learning models and systems, interpreting their output, and communicating the results;

Moving models from development to production; and,

Conducting research in a lab and publishing work.

Programming including Python, R, Java, JavaScript, C++, Unix Hardware, sensors, robotics, GPU enabled machine learning, FPGAs, and Raspberry Pis, etc.;

Data Storage Technologies including SQL, NoSQL, Hadoop, cloud-based databases such as GCP BigQuery, and different storage formats (e.g. Parquet, etc.);

Data Processing Tools including Python (Numpy, Pandas, etc.), Spark, and cloud-based solutions such as GCP DataFlow;

Machine Learning Libraries including Python (scikit-learn, genism, etc.), TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, and Spark MLlib;

Visualization including Python (Matplotlib, Seaborn, bokeh, etc.), and JavaScript (d3); and,

Productionization and containerization technologies including GitHub, Flask, Docker, and Kubernetes.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.
