A Bachelor or Masters Degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent experience

7+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science and analysis

Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models

Experience using Python and/or R

Knowledge of SparkML

Able to write production level code, which is well-written and explainable

Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib

Experience working with GPUs to develop models

Experience handling terabyte size datasets

Track record of diving into data to discover hidden patterns

Familiarity with using data visualization tools

Knowledge and experience of writing and tuning SQL

Past and current experience writing and speaking about complex technical concepts to broad audiences in a simplified format

Experience giving data presentations

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Excited by using massive amounts of data to develop Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) models? Want to help the largest Public Sector customers derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI)? Are you eager to build innovative solutions to solve hard problems, and enjoy collaborating with other equally talented team members? Thrilled to be key part of Amazon, which has been investing in Machine Learning for decades, pioneering and shaping the world’s AI technology?

Machine learning has been strategic to Amazon from the early years. We are pioneers in areas such as recommendation engines, product search, eCommerce fraud detection, and large-scale optimization of fulfillment center operations.

Amazon Web Services, the world’s leading provider of cloud computing services, is looking for Data Scientists to join the Worldwide Public Sector (WWPS) technical team. You will have opportunities to innovate in a fast-paced organization that contributes to game-changing projects and technologies that get deployed on devices and the cloud. You will be working with large data sets of text, images, and other types of data to solve real-world problems. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience.

We’re looking for top ML data scientists capable of using ML and other techniques to design, evangelize, and implement state-of-the-art solutions for challenging problems.

The primary responsibilities of this role are to:

Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML / DL project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models to deliver business impact to the organization.

Use Deep Learning frameworks like MXNet, Caffe 2, Tensorflow, Theano, CNTK, and Keras to help our customers build DL models.

Design, development and evaluation of highly innovative models for predictive learning, content ranking, and anomaly detection.

Analyze and extract relevant information from large amounts of historical data to help automate and optimize key processes.

Work closely with account team, research scientist teams and product engineering teams to drive model implementations and new algorithms.

Travel for face-to-face customer engagements, internal conferences, and industry events.

PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.)

8+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling and analysis

Good skills with programming languages, such as Java or C/C++

Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations

Consulting experience and track record of helping customers with their AI needs

Publications or presentation in recognized Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Mining journals/conferences

Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, S3, EC2, Data Pipeline, & EMR

Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customer’s organization

Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment

. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role

. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
