The Golden State Warriors are looking for a savvy and innovative Senior Data Scientist to join our growing Basketball Operations team. In this role, you will have the opportunity to utilize your skills to develop and define data requirements and recommend data structure for BI applications. To be successful, you will need a strong data engineering background and the ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. You will be responsible for data analysis and model development.

Do you strive to build something new? If so, then we want to talk to you! This is an exciting opportunity to share your expertise and knowledge within a growing sports and entertainment organization that values your initiative, creativity and drive for results. We are seeking an individual who thrives in an environment that is ever-changing and full of diversity and pride themselves on community!

This is full-time position located in Oakland, CA relocating to San Francisco later this summer

------------------------------

Required Skills and Experience

------------------------------

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or STEM related field; Master's degree preferred

5+ years of experience with backend engineering, SAS, MSSQL and other markdown languages (JSON, HTML, XML)

Deep expertise with standard SQL

Deep expertise (+4 years) with Python and IPython with focus on pandas

Deep expertise (+4 years) with statistical modeling

Deep expertise with scikit-learn, TensorFlow or Keras

Deep expertise with data visualization matplotlib/seaborn + (Tableau, Looker)

Experience parallelized data pipelining

Experience with cloud technologies Google Cloud or AWS preferred

Proficiency with Git, Slack, Confluence

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Golden State Warriors is an equal opportunity employer.

Want to learn more about who we are and what we value? Visit www.warriors.com/employment ( http://www.warriors.com/employment )
