What Your Job Will Be Like

We are seeking a creative Complex Systems Data Scientist (job title: R&D S&E, Systems Research and Analysis) to join the Systems Research, Analysis, & Applications department.

Do you want to be a member of a high performing team? You could join our dynamic team to use your experience to conduct innovative Data Science research and development. In this role, you have the opportunity to develop cutting edge solutions by using state-of-the-art equipment and facilities to explore unique solutions to complex issues. Working within a creative and collaborative environment, you will address national security challenges through research and development in data science, geospatial science, computer science, complex systems, autonomous systems, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.

On any given day, you may be called on to:

Brainstorm new approaches to difficult problems

Publish work results in a technical journal or conference

Analyze and integrate information from multiple sources, applying and combining innovative techniques

Discover and develop novel geospatial data algorithms and manipulation techniques

Advance the state-of-the-art in model validation

Qualifications We Require

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant technical discipline and Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Geological Science, Statistics, or other relevant discipline

Experience in computer programming languages such as Java, C++, or Python;

Ability to obtain and maintain a US DOE Q security clearance

Qualifications We Desire

Ph.D. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Geological Science, Statistics, or relevant discipline

Demonstrated ability to conduct research and development

Experience with remote sensing, geospatial data and formats, or geospatial sciences;

Experience with complex algorithm development, modeling and simulation

Demonstrated software development skills and familiarity with modern software development methodologies, practices, and tools

Experience working successfully with researchers, analysts, and other software engineers

Strong mathematical background

Excellent communication skills and ability to develop and present technical ideas and results

About Our Team

The Complex Systems for National Security Group (Group 8720 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) researches and applies mathematical, computational science, and systems engineering approaches to analyze, predict and influence the behavior of complex, highly interdependent systems critical to our nation’s security. We provide capabilities motivated by the challenge of understanding, quantifying, and controlling the resilience of key complex systems critical to the laboratories’ National Security mission. The approaches and capabilities we provide are used to address complicated system and enterprise-level challenges facing a diverse set of national security partners. We also conduct work and advance capabilities in the areas of optimization, data science, artificial intelligence/machine learning/deep learning, complex systems modeling and analysis, and geospatial analytics.

About Sandia

Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:

Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide

Extraordinary co-workers

Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world

Career advancement and enrichment opportunities

Flexible schedules, generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*

World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov

These benefits vary by job classification.

Security Clearance

Position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level security clearance.

Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.

Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.

EEO

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
