Do you have a passion for crafting products and insights with data? Do you love the idea of rapidly iterating on new features and finding the ones which move the needle and hit customer engagement out of the ballpark? Would you like to drive real change at the world’s hottest SaaS company?

Atlassian is looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data Science team based in Mountain View CA. We work on many high-impact projects that serve a variety of disciplines across the company. This role will focus on using AI to develop an intelligent personalized experience to delight our users. You are passionate about data science and its applications to build customer value and relish making an impact on the way millions of users use our products in their day-to-day work.

In a data-hungry place like Atlassian experiencing rapid growth, business opportunities from the application of data science abound. Join us for the opportunity to do groundbreaking applied machine learning work that will help shape the Atlassian user experience!

In this role, you'll get to

Construct and refine AI algorithms to optimize our marketing and on-boarding funnels

Employ behavioral data and insights to intelligently customize the user journey, boost engagement and purchase rates and increase our number of active users

Work with our seriously large volume of analytics data to understand insightful trends and behaviors

Craft machine learning and predictive models to drive intelligent product features

On the first day, we'll expect you to have

MS or PhD in a quantitative subject (statistics, math, engineering, physics or computer science)

2+ years of related industry experience in the data science domain

Development experience in a programming language, Python is strongly preferred

Expertise in SQL and knowledge of cloud data environments e.g. AWS

Experience developing, building and scaling machine learning models in business applications using large amounts of data

Ability to communicate and explain data science concepts to diverse audiences, craft a compelling story

Focus on business practicality and the 80/20 rule; very high bar for output quality, but recognize the business benefit of "having something now" vs "perfection sometime in the future"

Agile development mindset, appreciating the benefit of constant iteration and improvement

It's great, but not required, if you have

Experience working in an enterprise or B2B space, as well as the consumer or B2C space

Familiarity working with go-to-market (GTM), buyer experience and Growth teams (in addition to Product and Engineering)

Experience with Hive, Hadoop or other large-scale data frameworks

Knowledge of A/B experimentation

Our team

This team is being built within the broader Analytics group and tasked to pursue business opportunities that can generate revenue or MAU improvements. The team works multi-functionally across the organization, using insights generated by marketing and product analytics that can be scaled or automated to generate business value. The team will be highly nimble, with a focus on velocity between ideation and initial output, and laser-focused on business impact.

More about our benefits

Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more.

More about Atlassian

Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech, and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira Software, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment.

Additional Information

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
