The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

You’ll work with the team to understand client needs, then dig into their data to find solutions. You will help develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use advanced big data tools, including Apache Spark, Hive, and Zeppelin, and apply a natural language processing and machine learning pipeline to turn data into answers. You’ll work within cross-functional teams to engage the client, comprehend the client's problems, develop strategic analytical products, support requirements analysis, inform the creation of strategic plans for business transformation, including comprehending clients' most complex business challenges, architect a solution that delivers a measurable outcome, test the solution, and implement the transformation. You’ll serve as an analyst and general management consultant on Agile software development and data projects. Support tasks across the full life cycle for the development and modification of systems development life cycle (SDLC) artifacts. Build data analysis plans, complex queries, and analytical models.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

2+ years of experience with analytics and data science

1+ years of experience with programming languages, including Python, Scala, or R

1+ years of experience with the application of Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing on structured and unstructured data

1+ years of experience with open source Big Data tools, including Apache Spark or Apache Hive

Experience with version control using GitHub or similar software

Experience with supporting Agile processes

Experience with designing and analyzing performance metrics

Ability to obtain a security clearance required

BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

Experience with data visualization using Tableau a plus

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
