A day in the life?

As a data scientist at Network for Good, you will lead our efforts in unleashing the untapped potential within our network and our team. As an individual contributor, reporting to the Manager of Customer Insights, you'll be challenged to help instill a data-driven culture at Network for Good. You will deliver analytics that impact the operations of our company and create new ways for our customers to directly benefit from the data that flows through our donation processing network and resides within our Software-as-a-Service Donor Management System (DMS).

We are looking for an experienced data scientist who can:

Analyze customer behavior and trends, delivering insights to stakeholders and executives

Manage and improve our data warehouse, analytics tools, and data-gathering processes

Help assure the veracity of data, analysis, and insights that the business relies upon

Design and create reports, dashboards, models, and algorithms to make data insights actionable

Identify opportunities to leverage data for new product or feature offerings to customers

Champion the value of data analytics and data-driven decisions within Network for Good

We need a strong communicator who is:

Experienced with relational databases and data warehousing

Eager to learn

Endlessly curious

Takes pride in working hard and producing quality work

Committed to continuous improvement

Sound like you? About You:

You have 5+ years of experience in data analytics and business intelligence (ideally, you have experience in a SaaS company)

You are proficient with Python or R and SQL

You have experience with data engineering (e.g., working with APIs or creating ETLs)

You are a strong communicator, with great storytelling skills

You are comfortable interfacing with senior executives on a regular basis

You attack big challenges with urgency and challenge the status quo

You are self-motivated and a team player

You are passionate about instilling a love for data onto others

You have an interest in developing and mentoring other data analysts on the team, while still operating in an individual contributor role

If you have experience with Salesforce, Marketo, Google Analytics, and/or Tableau… great!

Who are we? In short, we help non-profits unleash generosity!

We believe nonprofits have important missions and deserve great software to power their fundraising and fuel their missions. We use data, technology, and the power of networks to eliminate the daily fundraising grind that most leaders endure. Network for Good provides Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) fundraising solutions that have delivered over $1.5 billion to more than 125,000 charities since 2001.

What can you expect?

You can expect, growth and innovation and to have fun along the way. You will not only be rewarded for your personal achievements, but you will also have the opportunity to be part of an organization that lives by its motto every day: Do Good. Feel Good. ™

We've got perks, too! How about Flexible Time Off, Paid Parental Leave, Volunteer Days, and your birthday as Holiday? We also offer 401(k) with match, stock options, commuter stipend, fantastic health insurance, and a tuition reimbursement program too! Don't like wearing a suit and a tie every day? We've got you covered - we're a jeans every day workplace!

Candidates submitting an application must have unrestricted and unlimited authorization to work in the United States and for Network for Good. Network for Good does not provide visa sponsorship for this position. Network for Good is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, marital or parental status, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.
