Position Title: Public Health Data Scientist Position Status: Casual/On-Call Employment Position Description: Provides expert-level consultation and analysis regarding existing and potential projects. Conducts formative, quantitative, and qualitative research and data analyses and syntheses of medical, public health, behavioral health, and science research, and prepares research-to-practice and evidence-based materials for multiple audiences as appropriate. Conceptualizes, researches, and develops wide range of written materials, such as reports, resource guides, fact sheets, journal articles, abstracts, white papers, , curricula, online courses, Website content, chapters, articles, etc. Create curriculum, trainings, and presentations; conducts focus groups, pilot studies, intervention sessions, and expert panel reviews; design instruments, measures, and protocols used in the collection and analysis of data for evaluation; conceptualize new ideas, literature searches and reviews Contributes to scientific literature and participates in conferences. Develops and implements criteria for recording procedures and results in a manner that allows verification and replication of outcomes. Critically evaluates complex data and co-authors reports and papers with senior research staff. Assists in preparing presentations to scientific peer groups. Act as a resource for others for designing analyses and evaluations for various projects and proposals. Other duties as assigned. Required SkillsRequired ExperienceEducation/Experience: Master's degree and 8+ years of related experience in of public health, biostatistics and analytics, measurement, evaluation and research, and training. DLH Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job LocationAtlanta,Georgia,USPosition TypePart-Time
