:Develops, analyzes and models operational, economic, management, accounting and other organizational data to quantify the competitive performance of business segments, evaluate potential operational changes, and design new approaches and methodologies. Analyzes organizational data to recommend solutions to new and complex problems, develops innovative strategies, quantifies the competitive performance of the organization's operations and/or markets; models and evaluates the potential impact of changes. Applies and integrates statistical, mathematical, predictive modeling and business analysis skills to manage and manipulate complex high volume data from a variety of sources.Responsibilities:Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.Ability to work as part of a team and to communicate effectively.Proficiency in programming languages suitable for database access, scripting, statistical analysis, and system development. Understanding of software development best practices including source control, coding standards and testing frameworks.Demonstrated experience communicating complex findings in a clear and concise manor to divisional management.Demonstrated experience developing and managing complex projects.Experience shaping the strategy for projects to deliver maximum business valueDemonstrated experience formulating, approaching, and solving complex analytical problems using a quantitative, scientific approach.Demonstrated experience working with large, complex datasets using big data technologies and script.Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of managing data to scale using data summarization, query, and analysis software and tools.For all inquiries in regards to this position, feel free to call (718) 412-1213, this is a direct line to my desk! Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Microsoft Azure recruitment. We've established an exceptional reputation for delivering the top professionals to our clients. By focusing solely on the niche IT field, our consultants are genuine experts, meaning they not only fully understand the market, but have built solid relationships with the widest range of vendors, customers and specialists looking to progress their career. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Nigel Frank, we find great people great jobs in Azure Big Data. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the utmost importance. For more information on available Azure Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market contact me or see www.nigelfrank.com Job Requirements Data Science, Data Scientist
