Job Description:

Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. At Bank of America, we have a strong commitment to the communities and regions in which we live and work. Through our lending, investing, advising, transacting and employment, we provide valuable resources to our customers and clients around the world.

Part of Global Banking Data Strategy team, the role supports Wholesale Credit and Treasury areas of the bank to provides liquidity management, payments and receipts, trade and supply chain finance, foreign exchange and commercial card services to three million small businesses, thousands of middle market companies, and to multinational corporations, financial institutions and governments around the world.

Design, develop, distribute and maintain all business information related reporting, including the development of complex parameterized reports, potential integration with a web based interface and the design of enterprise dashboard solutions. Assist in the implementation of quality and information distribution standards and processes. Work closely with the Business to understand the functional needs of system users and translate those needs into system requirements and design for data warehousing and reporting.

Experience in building out data abstraction and data virtualization layers to enable self-serve reporting in cost efficient manner, DaS best practices.

Direct the implementation of a consistent business intelligence strategy including regular reporting of Key Performance Indices (KPIs).

Actively participate in governance and the program management of the analytics staff and projects.

Assist in the development and validation of all reporting.

Oversee and ensure the quality of data and structure of the Reporting & Analytics Environment, including the monitoring of DBA (Doing Business As) activities.

Assist in the implementation of quality and information distribution standards and processes.

Develop effective Business Intelligence designs based on business needs.

Required Skills:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science MS is a plus

4+ years of related data warehouse experience.

Advanced knowledge of Oracle, statistical analysis, relational databases, specifically Exadata and Teradata.

Expert knowledge in architecting and developing in BI and Data Visualization tools such as MicroStrategy and Tableau.

Experience leading and directing a Business Intelligence initiative.

Ability to connect Enterprise Strategic Initiatives to Performance Indicators through executive/management interviews and original research.

Advanced knowledge of design and development of Data Insights and operational-style dashboards.

Familiarity with Elastic Search implementation and integration with BI

Desired Skills:

Experience Splunk is a plus

Experience in Python is a plus

Experience in Collibra is a plus

Experience in Informatica is a plus

Working experience if SAFE Agile teams is a plus

Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Hours Per Week:

40
