Position Summary:

The Data Scientist (Programmer Analyst) will work under the Direction of Dr. Matthew Churpek, whose research focuses on using electronic health record data combined with epidemiology, biostatistics and machine learning methods to improve the care of hospitalized patients.

They will be responsible for data cleaning and management, the development and maintenance of clinical research databases, and the development and execution of complex data analyses and modeling projects. Previous experience working with electronic health record data is preferred. They are responsible for reporting statistical data results and analyses for various research projects. The staff member will be responsible for providing data for abstract and manuscript submissions. They will also assist with the development of abstracts, posters, presentations, and manuscripts and will be involved in project monitoring and evaluation, data analysis, oversight of trainees, and dissemination of program results. This individual will also serve to oversee the data management team that includes other staff analysts and data managers and other research team members who may require data analysis support. By performing these duties, the Data Scientist will work with the PI, department, sponsor, and institution to provide analytical results and guidance on relevant aspects of the clinical study.

The School of Medicine and Public Health has a deep and profound commitment to diversity both as an end in itself but, also as a valuable means for eliminating health disparities. As such, we strongly encourage applications from candidates who foster and promote the values of diversity and inclusion.

Position Duties:

List of Duties

Institutional Statement on Diversity:

Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals.

The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world.

For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Diversity and Inclusion

Degree and Area of Specialization:

Required: Master's degree in statistics/epidemiology/computer science or related field.

Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience:

Required:

Four or more years of experience with conducting data analysis with analytic software (Stata, R, etc.), query design, and presentation of data.

Four or more years of experience of working in a team-based, clinical research environment

Preferred:

Previous grant writing experience; manuscript writing; program management and/or development experience.

Experience contributing to clinical research projects

Outstanding communication across all members of the team in order to facilitate strong professional connection and understand/translate data management and analysis needs to all members of the team.

Job Competencies:

Required:

Experience organizing and managing large datasets required

Ability to use statistical programs (STATA, R, etc.) to run statistical analyses required

Excellent time management skills and ability to work independently required

Strong analytical skills required

Preferred

Experience planning prospective, clinical research studies and performing sample size calculations as well as a priori analyses

Familiarity with medical and scientific terminology

Department(s):

A534285-MEDICAL SCHOOL/MEDICINE/PULMON MED

Work Type:

Full Time: 100%

Appointment Type, Duration:

Ongoing/Renewable

Salary:

Minimum $43,871 ANNUAL (12 months)

Depending on Qualifications
