It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

Job Description Summary:

Envestnet, Inc. (NYSE:ENV) is a leading independent provider of technology-enabled investment and practice management solutions to financial advisors who are independent, as well as those who are associated with small or mid-sized financial advisory firms and larger financial institutions. Envestnet's technology is focused on addressing financial advisors' front-, middle- and back-office needs. Envestnet is headquartered in Chicago.

We offer a highly competitive compensation and benefits package as well as the excitement, challenges, and rewards of a fast-growing, entrepreneurial company.

The Envestnet co-op program is designed to provide selected Drexel undergraduates the opportunity to learn about the company and gain meaningful, hands-on work experience at a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, fintech company. Envestnet places a priority on developing the next generation of software professionals. Our goal is to build a roadmap that leads co-op students to a rewarding and challenging career with Envestnet. Under the direction and mentorship of team leaders and platform architects, co-op students will pursue various hands-on software engineering or data science projects.

Co-op students will be part of a Scrum team, working with others to develop cloud native software to enhance Envestnet’s product offering. Depending upon the skills and interested of those selected, assignments may be in front end web development, cloud-based microservices, or big data architecture/analytics/deep learning.

Co-op students living in Philadelphia can commute to Envestnet’s Berwyn office via SEPTA or Amtrak. Shuttle service from the Paoli train station is provided.

Job Description:

Responsibilities may include:

Design and build cloud-based microservices in Java

Design and build web applications in React/JavaScript

Design big data pipelines and analytic processes

Architect deep learning models from large financial data sets

Build and refine continuous Integration-continuous Deployment pipelines

Research new technologies and perform proofs of concept

As part of the responsibilities for this role, you will understand and readily support Envestnet’s established corporate business practices, policies, internal controls, and procedures designed to create value or minimize risk.

Please provide recommended qualifications and skills needed to perform this job

Major in computer science, computer engineering, data science, engineering technology, information systems, management information systems, or software engineering. Majors in other disciplines with strong software development experience will also be considered

Passion for software analysis, design, and development

Programming experience in Java or similar object oriented language, JavaScript, or Python

Exposure to relational, NoSQL, or other big data databases

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail

Excellent communication and teamwork skills

Majors

Computer Science

Computer Engineering

Data Science

Engineering Technology

Information Systems

Management Information Systems

Software Engineering

Envestnet is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
