Job Description

What You Will Be A Part Of:

When you join us at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll be part of a smart, driven team that shares your passion for exploration and discovery. With revenues of $22 billion and the largest investment in R&D in the industry, we give our people the resources and opportunities to make significant contributions to the world.

If you are passionate about how the intersection of data science, analytics, and data visualization come together to tell a story and drive decision-making within a world-leading life science company, then this is the role for you! You are inquisitive by nature, and tend to always ask the “why” in every situation. Your curious demeanor fuels your insatiable appetite for learning and you have a fascination for data mining and building models and algorithms within a large, complex organization. You also need to be a critical thinker with the ability to work with imperfect data and continuously test/learn.

Reporting into a team in the Supply Chain organization, the Sr. Data Scientist will be working closely across the entire matrix of divisions and functions. You will be responsible for data mining and algorithms that lead to core statistical models that identify new opportunities and actionable insights that drive overall efficiency, productivity, customer service, and cash flow improvements. The ideal candidate will have strong business acumen and communication skills, combined with experience in data mining, statistics and machine learning models, and excellent project management skills.

What You Will Do:

Identify and present predictive drivers/leading indicators, trends, outliers, and patterns that uncover new insights to help guide enterprise-wide business insights

Perform AB & multi-variate testing to measure impact of identified initiatives

Build optimization models for scenario testing future business outcomes based on internal and external data

Be able to ‘tell a story’ using advanced analytics and data visualization techniques while independently exploring actionable insights that identify incremental productivity and optimization opportunities within the Supply Chain

Derive data driven insights in close partnership with Supply Chain, Finance, Operations, Commercial, and Data Science teams to expose opportunities for cost reduction, cash flow improvements, and service level optimizations

Leverage visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, and SAS Visual Analytics to perform interactive data exploration that help businesses and senior leaders understand impact of identified opportunities

Performs other duties as assigned

How You Will Get Here:

Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Statistics, or a related field, Master’s preferred

4-8 years’ experience building statistical modelling tools & underlying algorithms, optimization / machine learning, and data mining models

Experience analyzing large, complex data sets yielding opportunities for productivity, cost reduction, process optimization within an organization

Programming experience (SQL, R, Python) required

Experience in data visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, SAS Analytics) a plus

Interpersonal skills: exceptional verbal/written communication, listening and presentation skills with attention to detail, ability to work in collaborative team environment

Proven track record of achieving desired results without direct report authority

Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodology a plus

Minimal travel required <10%

At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 70,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

If you are an individual with a disability who requires reasonable accommodation to complete any part of our application process, click here for further assistance.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
