Description:

Participates in the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. Solves moderately complex analytical problems.62572

Fundamental Components:

Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions. Explores, examines and interprets large volumes of data in various forms. Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve moderately complex business problems. utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses. Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs. Uses data visualization techniques to effectively communicate analytical results and support business decisions. Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data. Explores existing data and recommends additional sources of data for improvements. Documents projects including business objectives, data gathering and processing, detailed set of results and analytical metrics.

Background Experience:

Demonstrates good written and verbal communication skills. Able to present information to various audiences.Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur.Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization.Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.3 years of relevant programming or analytic experience. Masters degree preferred.Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
