Summary

Posted: Aug 1, 2019

Weekly Hours: 40

Role Number: 200081392

Are you a highly motivated data scientist that is fascinated with the possibilities of complex, multi-dimensional data and the challenges of teasing out meaningful insights from this data?
Join CoreMotion and be part of the team that develops best-in-class fitness solutions for iPhones and Watches. Together, we can help our users lead more active healthier lives.

Key Qualifications

You have a strong background in Statistical Modeling/Machine Learning and Visualization

You appreciate the computational and storage complexities that come with big data, and have developed data pipelines to handle such data.

You leverage distributed compute/storage models when the scale of data calls for it.

You believe that the integrity of the tooling and pipelines are critical to coming up with high quality analyses.

You can form hypotheses, and can creatively apply different statistical approaches to the data in proving the hypotheses.

You understand the role feedback plays in your growth, and how effective communication affords more feedback opportunities.

You are proficient in Python and/or Matlab.

Description

You will be analyzing data, devising and proving hypotheses, and validating algorithms using multiple sensors. You will also be responsible for framing and driving user studies and working with a multi-disciplinary team to help implement algorithms in customer-facing software.
Come work with us and see your work powering the novel user experiences delivered by watchOS/iOS used by millions of users worldwide. We promote innovation and new technology to further improve our creative output. We are seeking a hardworking and passionate person to join this amazing team, if you feel this is you, we'd love to hear from you.

Education & Experience

MS, Ph.D or 5+ years experience in quantitative data science discipline (statistics/biostatistics, epidemiology, computer science).

Additional Requirements

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Prior experience with motion sensors, fitness and health technologies

At home in a OSX/Linux environment.

C++ programming experience a plus.
