Job Description

A successful candidate will be responsible for:

Use predictive modeling, statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights from structure and unstructured data.

Develop software, algorithms and applications to apply mathematics to data, perform large scale experimentation and build data driven apps to translate data into intelligence, solve a variety of business problems and enable business strategy.

Assists business with casual inferences & observations with finding patterns, relationships in data.

A successful candidate will demonstrate:

Strong written & Communication Skills.

Strong Analytical Skills

Problem Solving Skills.

Qualifications

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Relevant experience can be obtained through school work, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/or work experience.

This is an entry level position and compensation will be given accordingly.

Minimum Qualifications:

Must be pursuing a MS or PhD in Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, or Computer Science and expect the required degree by December of 2020

Minimum of 3 months experience in JMP, OPL, and Simulation tools, MatLab, SQL, etc.

Minimum of 3 months experience in rapid application development and integration.

Minimum of 3 months experience of software development, debugging performance characterization & optimization skills.

This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position

Preferred Qualifications

Typically requires expertise in relational database structures, research methods, machine learning, Cloud based technologies, Big Data technologies i.e.

Hadoop , HBase, Lucene/Solr, analytics packages i.e. R, Mahout, Octave, Weka

Scripting languages i.e. Python, Perl, R

Programing languages i.e. Java, C/C++, SQL

Inside this Business Group

As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....
