Kyber Data Science, a Cowen company, is focused on the analysis and structuring of complex datasets with the goal of providing investment managers with data-driven, fundamental insights and enabling them to better understand company trends.

Location: New York, NY preferred though remote options from San Francisco, Boston, Chicago, and Washington DC are also available

Job : Kyber Data Science is looking for a Principal Data Scientist that will assist in the creation of data products that provide insights on company and industry trends. The ideal candidate will have extensive industrials, logistics, and supply-chain experience and will be responsible for the following activities:

Responsibilities:

Conduct analysis and modeling of select data sources to discover hidden patterns, forecast KPIs and identify key company/industry trends

Assist in the building and launch of data products and the communication of data driven insights from research

Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of incoming transaction-level data

Develop systems to detect data anomalies, and monitor the performance of models in production

Requirements

Skills and Qualifications:

5+ years of experience with the analysis & modeling of large / transaction level data sets with relevant experience in manufacturing (process and discrete), supply chain and/or energy

Demonstrated ability in drawing innovative, commercial insights related to products, market segmentation, and total company trends

Strong programming experience with Python, SQL and/or R required, with the ability to write well-documented production-level code

Practical knowledge & experience with statistical techniques includes panel and time series methodologies

Detail oriented with the ability to clearly & concisely communicate actionable conclusions from complex analysis, in both written and oral formats.

Experience with AWS technologies like S3, EC2, as well as data science tools like Snowflake and Spark

Graduate degree in a highly quantitative field (statistics, computer science, finance, etc.)

Interest in incorporating data and data analysis into the investment process; with prior finance & accounting coursework or job experience preferred

As part of its hiring process, Cowen Inc. verifies identity and eligibility to work in the United States as required by law. At this time, Cowen Inc. will not sponsor a new applicant for an employment visa for this position.

Company : Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that operates through two business segments: a broker dealer and an investment management division. The Company’s broker dealer division offers investment banking services, equity and credit research, sales and trading, prime brokerage, global clearing and commission management services. Cowen’s investment management segment offers actively managed alternative investment products. Founded in 1918, the firm is headquartered in New York and has offices worldwide.
