The Company

Alyvant, a new company launched by Roivant, is completely re-defining how medicines are commercialized. Alyvant integrates a best-in-class technology platform with an entrepreneurial, innovative commercial pharmaceutical organization to more effectively reach patients and their physicians with targeted, relevant educational information, and a call to action.

Alyvant uses de-identified patient-level analytics to better understand the nuances of a disease, patterns of physician prescribing, and payer reimbursement. We then turn insights into action through our fit-for-purpose commercial pharmaceutical organization. Our long-range vision is to use technology to reduce the cost of commercializing all medicines, thereby generating savings for the healthcare system at large and helping to ensure that every patient who might benefit from an approved therapy has the opportunity to speak with a physician about appropriate treatment options.

Alyvant's team is a group of people passionate about the opportunities for an intersection of healthcare and technology to more efficiently bring benefits to patients.

Role And Responsibilities

The Brand Analytics Data Scientist will be responsible for analyzing, summarizing, modeling, and extracting actionable insights from large sets of deidentified patient-level data and physician prescribing data. The Brand Analytics Data Scientist is part of the Brand Analytics Team, helping Alyvant learn more about the drugs that we will commercialize and creating actionable steps towards successful commercialization. This role will require a mix of independent work and analysis as well as working with the larger Brand Analytics Team.

Skills & Qualifications

2-3 years of experience working on pharma commercialization projects required

Experience using IQVIA data (physician prescribing data and patient level claims data) and PharMetrX data required

Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on brand analytics to support commercialization of assets, strategic planning, and brand performance measures

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, SAS, etc.) to work with and draw insights from large data sets

Knowledge of statistical techniques and a variety of machine learning techniques and their real-world advantages and drawbacks

Coding knowledge and experience with querying databases

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience visualizing and presenting data

Bachelor's degree required. Advanced degree preferred

Current and legal authorization to work in the United States

Personal Attributes

Exceptionally organized with keen attention to detail

Ability to juggle multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously

Flexibility and a desire to work in an often-changing, fast-paced environment

Alyvant, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
