Graduate degree in Statistics, Economics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related technical field

Experience with programming languages such as SQL, R, Python

Demonstrated track record of project delivery for large, cross-functional projects with evolving requirements.

Ability to work with variety of technical roles, including data engineers, business intelligence engineers, software engineers, and research scientists.

MS + 8 years experience or BS + 10 years experience

Do you enjoy building flexible, performant, and global solutions for complex financial and risk problems? We are looking for scientists to help us improve the customer experiment in the financial industry!

As a Scientist on the Amazon Lending team, you will design and build systems that support financial products. You will work closely with software and data engineers to build scalable solutions that deliver exceptional value for our customers. You will utilize intellectual and technical capabilities, problem solving and analytical skills, and excellent communication to deliver customer value. You will partner with product and operations management to launch new, or improve existing, financial products.

Amazon Lending is an exciting program designed to help provide our selling partners with funds to grow their businesses. We take pride in building solutions that leverage key insights to help our selling partners to be successful. We are looking for a talented and passionate scientists that can develop a reliable, scalable, and technical infrastructure to serve customer needs and improve portfolio performance as we expand the program.

Applicants with considerably more experience, including mid-career, are also strongly encouraged.

Strong background in statistics methodology, applications to business problems, and/or big data.

Ability to work in a fast-paced business environment.

Effective verbal and written communications skills.

Credit or risk management experience.

MS + 8 years experience or PhD + 6 years experience
