Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.

We’re looking for Data Scientists to work on our core and business products (ex. Instagram, Messaging, Growth, Engagement, Ads) to help shape the future of what we build at Facebook. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products

Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities

Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches

The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas:

Product Operations

Forecasting and setting product team goals

Designing and evaluating experiments

Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics

Building and analyzing dashboards and reports

Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis

Evaluating and defining metrics

Exploratory Analysis

Proposing what to build in the next roadmap

Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends

Identifying new levers to help move key metrics

Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems

Product Leadership

Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations

Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams

Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams

Data Infrastructure

Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica

Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

2+ years’ experience doing quantitative analysis within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment

BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field

Experience in SQL or other programming languages

Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)

Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product

Knowledge of statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing, regressions)

Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Advanced degrees

Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)

Experience working within the tech sector preferred

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
