In 2009, Riot released its debut title League of Legends and over 100 million people now play the game every month. Riot's Data Discipline builds tools to understand Riot and Player data, which may be used to delight our global audience or to inform the business for strategic decisions that create player value. Whether you are a Data Scientist casting a neural net, a Data Engineer building a hundred node parallelized data pipeline, or a Data Architect crafting data products that are more efficient and dependable, we need you. We use state-of-the-art data processing technology and have access to the latest cloud services available, but handling the potential of all this data is a tremendous and complex task. That's where you come in.

As Data Scientists at Riot, we use all aspects of our technical expertise to inform decisions and develop data-powered products, including data processing, statistical modeling, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. We uncover opportunities and provide player value through data science, choosing the right datasets, algorithms, and tools for each problem. You can determine the data science approach when given a general problem and you will employ multiple technical approaches across multiple data processing environments. You help drive team direction and establish relationships with senior partners across disciplines. You help decision makers find new ways to use data science for player value. You will design systems, and build solutions at multiple points in the development cycle, from discovery through production.

On our R&D team, you'll work on an unannounced game. Your responsibilities will be to support decision making with statistical models and contribute to product development with machine learning pipelines that operate at scale. You will push the boundaries of how we use data to deliver player value, creatively combining known approaches for new results and selectively implementing the most relevant ideas from ML and AI research. E.g. you may lead the design and implementation of recommendation systems that personalize the player experience, or build models that measure and explain game health to designers. For all systems you build, you will track the performance of production models to maintain a high-quality player experience as the game changes.

Required Qualifications:

MS or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Operations Research, Statistics, or a related field

5+ years data science industry experience

3+ years running predictive models in production quality live systems

2+ years hands on experience with petabyte-processing-capable technologies such as Spark or Hadoop

It's our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and members of Riot Games, Inc. Riot Games makes reasonable accommodations for handicapped and disabled Rioters and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, handicap, veteran status, marital status, criminal history, or any other category protected by applicable federal and state law, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance relating to an applicant's criminal history (LAMC 189.00).
