Victor 12, Inc. is currently seeking Computer and Information Research Scientist- Data Scientist :for the Internal Contractor Support Services (iCSS) contract in support of the Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division (NAWCTSD).

This position is contingent upon award.

The position is located in Orlando, FL and requires a SECRET: clearance.

Responsibilities:

Conduct research into fundamental computer and information science as theorists, designers, or inventors. Develop solutions to problems in the field of computer hardware and software. Conduct enterprise data mining and research in support of root cause and expository analysis. Validates, manipulates and performs exploratory data analysis tasks on analytical data sets. Analyzes new data sources for availability and quality, and integrates with internal sources to support research or analytics. Creates predictive data models utilizing deep learning frameworks, machine learning, and statistical methods

Qualifications:

Required::

EDUCATION- minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering and related scientific fields with demonstrated comprehension of data science techniques and computer science fundamentals. Desired: Post-graduate with an advanced degree from an accredited institution in data analytics, computer science, computer engineering, or demonstrated equivalent performance.

EXPERIENCE- Candidate must have approximately 3 or more years of practical experience in statistical modelling, machine learning, and deep learning supporting enterprise data mining and data visualization. Additionally, the following experience is required: Demonstrated experience authoring software applications in high level programming languages such as C, C++, Microsoft .Net (C#, VB), and Java. Understanding of Operating Systems including Microsoft Windows and various Linux distributions. Demonstrated experience using Python with at least one data analysis package such as statsmodels, pandas, or sklearn. Familiarity with database methods for creation, ingestion, and query within traditional and NoSQL databases. Experience with parallel processing frameworks such as Hadoop and Spark Familiarity with at least one deep learning framework such as keras, MXNet, tensorflow, or torch. Ability to communicate with clarity and correct grammar and mechanics.

CERTIFICATIONS. Per SECNAV M-5239.2 Appendix 4, Specialty Area: Technology Research & Development (661) Journeyman Proficiency Level.

Victor 12 is a growing, and award winning successful Federal Government contractor. We were named on the 2017 and 2018 Inc. 5000 list, the most prestigious ranking of the nation’s fastest-growing private companies. Victor 12 offers a full suite of benefits to its employees through our Insperity partner, such as:

Paid time off starting at 15 days per year plus 11 paid holidays

401(k) with Company Match

100% paid Vision with VSP

100% paid UHC Dental

Flexible Spending Account

Health Spending Account

Significant contribution towards medical insurance, with United Healthcare

Basic Life Insurance

Long-term Disability

Short-term Disability

Employee Service Center

Employee Assistance Program

Insperity Discount Programs

Professional Skills Courses through Insperity Portal

Tuition Reimbursement

Victor12, Inc is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment: without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.” If you are a qualified disabled veteran or individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, please contact 407-612-6011 xt.199 and leave a detailed message including name, contact info and position title.
