Harvard Business School 49653BR Job Code RS0358 Statistician III Duties & Responsibilities Harvard Business School, whose mission is to educate leaders who make a difference in the world, is seeking a Senior Statistician/Data Scientist with a strong background in quantitative research methods and computer programming to join its Research Computing Services (RCS) group within the Division of Research and Faculty Development (DRFD). The Senior Statistician/Data Scientist contributes to the work of the team through his/her knowledge of econometrics and statistics that is both broad and deep. The ideal candidate has experience with multiple steps in the data life cycle, including data acquisition, data processing, data management, analysis, and visualization, preferably in a research environment; and brings technical programming expertise using research software packages. S/he/they will have a history of successful collaborations, particularly in a service delivery environment.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities Reporting to the Senior Director of RCS, the Senior Statistician/Data Scientist is responsible for identifying and implementing technical solutions for meeting researcher statistical and data science needs, both as an individual contributor and as part of a team. He/she/they exhibits a high level of independence, judgment, intellectual curiosity, and technical skills. The primary responsibilities include: Works directly with faculty on statistical and data science projects.  Serves the data needs of faculty and other researchers, identifying and applying computational and statistical tools, and advising and training researchers in the use of these tools.  Resolves short-term research-related questions and problems, or takes on faculty research projects that may involve advanced and complex statistical analysis (e.g., Bayesian analysis, multilevel generalized linear models, sparse matrix quantile regressions, mixed models, vector auto regressions), statistical programming, or large or complex data sets. Researches and implements cutting-edge techniques in both statistics and programming as needed for more sophisticated quantitative researchers. Develops and programs algorithms when not available in standard statistical software packages. Reviews complex researcher-developed statistical programs and suggests alternative procedures or statistical packages when appropriate to optimize processing. Troubleshoots problems with researchers' statistical programming code or unusual patterns of results. Stays abreast of new developments in statistics, econometrics, and computer programming; and statistical methods and procedures used in top econometric journals; stays current with new versions of statistical software packages (e.g., Stata, R, MATLAB, SAS)  Works independently with sound judgment, directly accountable for accuracy of methods and results. Often works on multiple projects simultaneously, balancing short and long-term projects to meet deadlines and faculty needs. Ensures adherence to policies related to the use of data from external sources. Collaborates with other team members through knowledge sharing and promotion of best practices (e.g., code review, technology showcase).  Provides one-on-one and classroom training for a variety of statistical software programming packages, contributing statistical and research software information to the RCS website, exploring and testing statistical software, conducting benchmark tests on new software, servers and workstations, and assessing the skill level of potential research associates for specific faculty research projects. Learns new technologies and tools as needed.  Serves as a statistical resource for other members of the RCS team. Basic Qualifications Advanced degree in quantitative field required; PhD or ABD with commensurate experience. In addition, 5+ years of statistical programming experience in research based setting is required. Additional Qualifications Broad training and good habits in data management and analysis Applied use of multiple statistical programming packages such as R, Stata, SAS, SPSS  Strong skills in Python programming Applied use of other programming languages, such as C++ and Java Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau, ggplot2, and D3.js Experience with machine learning packages Familiarity with version control systems such as Git/GitHub  Familiarity with cluster and cloud computing  SQL/NoSQL database experience  Experience in Linux-based parallel processing environment Additional Qualifications: Experience in handling large datasets preferred Ability and openness to learning new tools Business-related research experience preferred Demonstrated ability and desire to develop and maintain expertise in emerging research methods and technologies Strong written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate complex technical topics to lay audiences as well as knowledgeable individuals Excellent interpersonal skills Strong customer service orientation, initiative, and the ability to anticipate and plan for customer needs Ability to find, plan, and communicate creative solutions to challenges Ability to work independently and collaboratively on a team Demonstrated ability to work with highly confidential/sensitive information Capacity to handle multiple complex tasks simultaneously Sound judgment, professionalism, diplomatic skills, comfort in interacting with prominent individuals, and grace under pressure are essential Meticulous attention to detail and demonstrated ability to produce consistently high quality work product Flexibility and capacity to multi-task and meet competing deadlines Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced and highly-matrixed environment Additional Information Note: Qualified candidates with less experience may be considered for a grade 57 Statistician/Data Scientist role. Additional Information The Division of Research and Faculty Development (DRFD) is the School's largest administrative unit with approximately 270 full-time and part-time staff. The organization was formed in 2002 to fully integrate the activities underlying faculty support and development. HBS is unique among top business schools, perhaps in higher education more broadly, in having a unit like the DRFD - one that funds faculty research internally, provides centralized research services, and combines nearly all faculty-related administration and services under one umbrella. From the time a prospective faculty member is identified as a recruiting candidate, the DRFD team's focus is to support the success of each individual and contribute to an environment where they can thrive and do their best work in service of the School's mission. RCS is a centralized service within the DRFD that supports faculty for all their research computing needs. These services include managing access to and support for the research computing infrastructure and research computing software as well as a full range of research computing services provided directly to faculty in conducting their research including data collection, acquisition, processing, and manipulation; statistical programming and methodological consulting; and data analysis, visualization and presentation of data. The portfolio of services contributes to the School's ability to attract and retain faculty. Members of RCS team provide consultation services to faculty and other researchers and work on specific research projects for faculty members. Many HBS employees are eligible for Flexible Work Arrangements, which may be explored during the interview process. Cover Letter is Required. Culture of Inclusion: The work and well-being of HBS are strengthened profoundly by the diversity of our network and our differences in background, culture, experience, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, and much more. Explore HBS Work Culture at http://www.hbs.edu/employment/ and learn about other Employment Opportunities. Follow us on Twitter @HBSJobs Job Function Research Sub-Unit * Location USA - MA - Boston Department DRFD Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 058 Pre-Employment Screening Credit, Criminal, Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.
