Overview

Who we are

Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world.

As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 67,000 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month.

But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services.

At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers.

Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us.

How we lead

At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles.

Be Customer Obsessed

Be Courageous with Your Point of View

Challenge the Status Quo

Act Like an Entrepreneur

Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude

Do the Right Thing

Be Accountable

Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores.

About This Opportunity

Responsibilities

At 7-Eleven, we are redefining convenience stores using Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our AI engines are powering our automated inventory management, personalized offers, member loyalty programs, delivery programs, chatbots, and various data-driven business insights for our business and partners.

We are looking for Data Scientist who wants to join our exciting journeys ahead. You will be working with a team of industry leading data scientists and engineers. You will be exposed to large datasets and gain deep and end-to-end experience of AI products and their business use cases. You will be able to work on many different types of problems ranging from marketing to order fulfillment, and apply techniques from statistical analysis to deep learning.

AI Team principles:

Open-minded yet assertive

Be valuable (to peers, reports, partners, leadership)

High quality work and elegant solution

Radical truth and radical transparency

Challenge and willing to be challenged

Creative yet productive

Embrace data

Be Curious

Work hard and have Fun

Be patient – it’s a long road with ups and downs

Push our limits and believe in yourself that you can do it

Qualifications

Soft skill:

A quick and enthusiastic learner

Strong ownership

Self-motivated

Strong communication and collaboration skills

Skillful of approaching open ended business problems

Strong data acumen

Technical skill:

Proficient in Python and SQL (must)

Solid understanding of version control and software development principles (must)

Experience in advance analytics, large scale and complicated database and comprehensive data wrangling (must)

Solid foundation in statistics

Experience with cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.

Experience with big data.
