Job Description

IIA is looking for a full-time, benefited Data Scientist I to provide expertise to the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI) through complex data analysis of full-text scientific and technical information (STI). Data scientist I will identify problems suitable to solving with AI and will use a number of machine learning frameworks and apply a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining, to solve. Data scientist I will develop, analyze, and refine machine learning models to extract information to enhance the value of STI to OSTI’s research community.

Job Description

Experiment with different AI frameworks to assess solutions related to various scenarios.

Create initiatives that are aligned with OSTI’s strategic goal to maximize use and visibility of DOE R&D results.

Identify the important solutions related to the DOE/OSTI AI environment.

Focus on enriching metadata to increase find ability of resources.

Turn the best results into enhancements to OSTI.GOV and other OSTI products and services.

Assist in publishing results internally, to DOE, and to the AI community.

Qualifications

Education and Experience

BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Information Management or Statistics, or equivalent experience

Education and/or work experience related to data analysis, data science, or machine learning

Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS, etc.)

Strong programming and Linux user and/or administrator skills

Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.

Additional Information

General Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

Excellent time management skills

Strong written and verbal communications skills

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment, excellent culture fit and ability to collaborate with the team

Organized and detail-oriented; able to effectively perform multiple/concurrent tasks within deadlines in a dynamic environment

Ability to interpret technical requirements and translate to others

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
