Location: Redmond, WA or Reston, VA - relocation packages available

Do you want to shape the future of government through innovative technology solutions? We are looking for data scientists who want to apply deep learning techniques to solve real-world problems for government verticals.

We are a fast-paced data science team in Azure. We are looking for a data scientist with initiative, strong problem solving, design, coding, and debugging skills to help us deliver high-quality machine learning models and solutions for government customers. We value passion, creativity, desire to learn new complex technical areas, agility and accountability. You will be a meaningful part of a growing team of motivated and talented individuals. This is an excellent opportunity to challenge yourself and grow your career.

As part of the role, you will help develop deep-learning based models and tools for applications. You would also work on predictive and prescriptive modeling, text and image mining & processing, recommendations, clustering, forecasting methods, and other advanced statistical techniques.

Responsibilities

In this role, you will collaborate with experts in deep learning, machine learning (ML), artifical intelligence (AI) and distributed systems. You will partner with program management and Azure engineering teams to help drive the successful adoption of Azure in some of our largest accounts and will drive product changes and gap closure with the various product teams across the organization.

You will work on all aspects of the design, development and delivery of machine learning and deep learning solutions, including problem definition, data acquisition, exploration, training, testing and evaluating deep learning models, and creating end-to-end pipelines and solutions in production.

Qualifications

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Familiarity with a version control system

Excited to work on an inclusive and diverse team

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills

Outstanding communication and collaboration skills

Very strong research, theory and algorithm background with the ability to apply advanced knowledge on real challenges

Has implemented and actively used data science principles

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Candidates must have an active US Government Secret or Top Secret security clearance and be willing to upgrade to TS/SCI (with polygraph), or have an active TS/SCI (with polygraph). This role will require candidates to maintain the TS/SCI (with polygraph) clearance.

Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Masters or PhD with industry experience in machine learning or deep learning

Experience in any of the deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, TensorFlow)

System-level knowledge of deep learning (such as GPU implementations) a plus

Strong software development skills in one or more high level languages (C/C++/Java/C#) and one or more scripting languages (Python/R/javascript)

Publications in related fields (deep learning, machine intelligence, data mining, etc.) preferred

Experience building production grade machine learning enabled solutions end-to-end.

Strong intellectual curiosity and passion to solve real-world problems for enterprises and consumers

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
