Be part of an exciting team dedicated to keeping America safe at home and abroad. KeyW has an immediate need for a Data Scientist to support our customer’s mission researching new and innovative ways to detect botnets, as well as methods to automatically discover and classify devices and infrastructure in botnet infected networks using large quantities of cyber security data

Responsibilities

Collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers, dev ops engineers, and subject matter experts

Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Python scripting experience

Desire to develop higher level of Python knowledge

Be able to apply technical standards, principles and theories

While working under supervision, provide solutions to technical problems

Bachelor's with zero (0) to four (4) years of experience, a Master's with zero (0) to two (2) years of experience or High School with eight plus (8+) years of experience

Clearance

Clearance: Candidates must be clearable. Position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a government clearance. Clearance and polygraph processing will be completed by the U.S. Government.

KeyW EEO Statement

EEO Statement

Employment decisions at the Company will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. The Company does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of. (1) race, (2) religion, (3) creed, (4) color, (5) national origin, (6) ancestry, (7) sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), (8) age, (9) medical condition, (10) marital or domestic partner status, (11) sexual orientation, (12) gender, (13) gender identity, (14) gender expression and transgender status, (15) mental disability or physical disability, (16) genetic information, (17) military or veteran status, (18) citizenship, (19) low-income status, or (20) any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.

About the Organization

KeyW is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Jacobs.

About Jacobs

Jacobs leads the global professional services sector delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With approximately $12 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 50,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
