Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smart, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play.

SUMMARY

At Hulu, number one priority is our customers. We make business decisions around our customers’ preferences. The Data Science Team at Hulu combines deep data analysis and research of our rich user data to present a compelling vision around user retention and preferences across the vast ecosystem of Hulu’s product offerings and content. We are looking for data scientists who are passionate about using data to drive strategy and product recommendations. You will be engaged with senior leaders to design well-constructed analyses and work cross-functionally with analysts, product managers and engineers to effectively deliver actionable results. You will work on variety of domains such as data science, machine learning and optimization; lead groundbreaking analytical solution development pipeline and contribute to external research via attending conferences and collaborations.

WHAT YOU’LL DO

Apply state of the art machine learning, statistics or data mining in a variety of areas, including content evaluation and engagement forecasting.

Invent and fast iterate on novel solutions to challenging data related problems.

Develop scalable and efficient methods for large scale data analyses and model development.

Implement robust machine-learning models in Python.

Collaborate with developers, program managers, and product managers in an open, creative environment.

WHAT TO BRING

Bachelor's degree in Statistics or related quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, Econometrics).

2+ years related experience such as analyzing data and/or building analytical models in either an academic or professional setting and 4+ years relevant work experience.

Real world model building experience to inform data driven decisions

Ability to draw insights and conclusions from data to inform model development and business decisions.

Desire to collaborate with other data scientists, data analysts, and business partners.

Familiarity with machine-learning concepts and statistics

Proficient in analyzing data and developing machine-learning models using scripting languages like Python, R, etc.

Capable of reading and writing Object-Oriented code to review and implement models.

Working knowledge of SQL to query large data sets in distributed systems.

NICE-TO-HAVES

MS in Physics, Engineering, Economics, Statistics or related quantitative field (e.g. Econometrics, Mathematics, Operations Research).

Experience fully integrating data science solutions into the business and operationalizing ML models.

Familiarity with ML frameworks like Scikit-Learn or TensorFlow

Previous project experience using time-series forecasting, clustering, or regression/classification

LI-AC1
