Job Description   
We have a fantastic opportunity for a Lead Data Scientist with our industry-leading security client in DC.   
     Due to federal security clearance requirements, applicant must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident with the ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance. Also, applicant must have lived in the US for the last five years,      
     Responsibilities of the Lead Data Scientist:           
Oversee a data-driven team of 10-15 individuals     
Guide team to create, deploy, and sustain code with ZDD     
Translate business requirements into technical requirements     
Leverage analytics and machine learning to find unusual patterns      
Define metrics to build descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive models     
Maintain good configuration and data management technique     
Provide project estimation and planning support      
     Requirements of the Lead Data Scientist:           
At least 15 years of experience as a Data Scientist leading teams to achieve technical solutions     
At least 5 years of experience with Data Bricks, Apache Spark, Tableau, and BI visualization      
Job ID: 322092   
     About Eliassen Group:      
Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit   http://www.eliassen.com  .   
Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.   
Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a    $1,000 referral check !     

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         J3N82872KW9WPWRQ1TL
