Job Description

Description

SAIC is seeking a Data Scientist who will be responsible for supporting the creation of new Analytics and Simulation capabilities by envisioning and executing strategies that will influence the improvement of the business’s performance by enabling informed decision-making capabilities.

The ideal candidate will be able to:

Provide expertise on corporate and customer projects to support growth in the Analytics Solutions Technology Group.

Proactively work with other Data Scientists and various capture teams across the business to provide support to proposals and technical demonstrations.

Provide technical and analytical solutions to evaluate the merits and challenges of a product idea.

Support the development of data capabilities and utilization as well as the coordination of cross-functional analytic initiatives.

Drive education and evangelization of data sciences throughout the business by communicating the vision and use cases of advanced analytics.

Learn and develop functionality in an agile fashion, with regular releases on analytic development programs.

Support design and development of analytics solutions and products for production use.

Support assessment of new technologies and approaches to assess alternatives.

Work with data scientists and product management in a collaborative and fast-paced team environment with effective communication and assisting peers.

Distill business objectives into technical solutions through effective system design and architecture.

Show ownership and completion for delivery of technical functions.

Qualifications

BS is required. BS, MS or Ph.D in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Science or other related technical discipline is preferred.

5+ years of experience in managing or supporting a significant role, the acquisition, integration, and acceptance lifecycle of one or more data products.

9+ years of full-time support experience within operations or technical departments.

Understanding of data models, databases and knowledge management techniques.

Domain knowledge in the Intelligence community or Department of Defense mission areas.

Demonstrated ability to support complex projects, creating innovative processes and solutions.

Problem-solving and analysis skills.

Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Experience working for federal agencies in a consulting position.

Experience specifying user-representative requirements for complex data environments.

Must be US Citizen

Clearance is not required, but is preferred.

Work Location is Reston, Virginia. Travel is up to 25%.

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
