Job ID: Senior, Staff or Principal Data Scientist

Location: San Francisco, CA

Looking for a company that inspires passion, courage and imagination, where you will shape the future of global commerce? Want to influence how millions of people buy, sell, connect, and share around the world? If you’re interested in joining a purpose driven community that is dedicated to creating an ambitious and inclusive workplace, join eBay – a company you can be proud to be a part of.

ORGANIZATION: StubHub, www.stubhub.com (an eBay company NASDAQ: EBAY)

StubHub is the world's largest ticket marketplace, enabling fans to buy and sell tickets to tens of thousands of sports, concert, theater and other live entertainment events. StubHub reinvented the ticket resale market in 2000 and continues to lead it through innovation. The company's unique online marketplace, dedicated solely to tickets, provides all fans the choice to buy or sell their tickets in a safe, convenient and highly reliable environment. All transactions are processed and delivered by StubHub and backed by the company's FanProtect Guarantee™ processing a ticket every second today with billions of ticket sales each year globally. Company partners MLB, AEG, ESPN and many leading teams such as the San Francisco Giants and University of Texas, along with over 60 other teams in MLB, NBA, NHL and NCAA.

Our Values

StubHub One – We act as one team in pursuit of connecting people through inspiring event experiences.

At StubHub, we are:

Driven – We strive for excellence – constantly improving our game

Courageous – We are bold & not afraid to challenge the status quo

Inventive – We see what others don’t & pioneer new paths

Richly Diverse – We recognize & respect everyone as a unique individual

Brand – We experience the world through StubHub.

The Opportunity:

We are seeking a creative Data Scientist with expertise in market dynamics, quantitative pricing algorithms and machine learning techniques to lead the development of models that will delight our fans by helping them buy and sell the best tickets at the right price at the right time. We are looking for a specific training and professional experience and we are flexible on the experience level that you come with, we are open to Senior, Staff or even a Principal Data Scientist level.

Your models will have a direct impact on StubHub’s bottom line and on the efficiency of the markets on its platform. You will have access to the rich data set of the world’s largest dynamically priced ticketing marketplace. You will uncover hidden signals in the data that drive the models you build to describe customer behavior, predict market trends, quantify risk and provide customers with tools that help them see their favorite performers at the best price and sell their tickets effortlessly when they can’t go.

The data science and machine learning group is a small team of extraordinary scientists and engineers based in StubHub's San Francisco headquarters. We work closely with other teams in the company to establish business goals, to incorporate existing insights into our algorithms, to uncover new opportunities for optimizing the business and to establish rigorous methods for gauging performance.

You Will

Lead the creation of algorithms that can effectively manage perishable inventory across multiple dynamic marketplaces.

Champion and execute long-term strategic programs that grow StubHub’s algorithmic market modeling data products.

Architect systems that implement your algorithms and respond to market variations.

Mine our rich data set to discover customer behavior trends and market dynamics.

Collaborate with teams throughout the business deploy your models effectively.

Design experiments to test and measure the performance of the models you build.

Inspire your teammates with your knowledge of economic principles, pricing algorithms and your application of modern software development techniques.

Use state of the art big data and software tools in a distributed / cloud computing environment, particularly TensorFlow.

Frame complicated problems in simple terms and enjoy clarifying sophisticated solutions.

Bring a passion for discovery, problem solving and groundbreaking technology.

You Are

Accomplished. Earned a doctoral degree in Economics, Econometrics, Statistics or equivalent quantitative field.

Creative. Known for coming up with different ways of looking at problems and for investigating the latest advancements in the field.

Technical. Familiar with modern machine learning techniques and passionate about embracing new tools.

Knowledgeable. Have 10+ years of experience with software development and algorithms.

Motivated. Want to help customers build a cherished memory of an amazing live event

We are looking for a specific professional experience and training and we are flexible on the experience level that you come with, we are open to Senior, Staff or even a Principal Data Scientist level.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
