Job ID: 53864 Senior Data Scientist. If you are looking for a position providing subject matter expertise in the requested technology or application, this Senior Data Scientist contract opportunity may be for you. You will assist our client in implementing, upgrading or optimizing specific technology. The role utilizes professional expertise to perform analysis, project management and/or development activities with technology. Requires demonstrated subject matter expertise in the specified technical area.Years of Experience: 10+ YearsEssential Qualifications:Education: Advanced/Master's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Applied Math, or other quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with more than 7 years of experience is considered.At least 7 years’ experience in an open-source programming role in the context of predictive and prescriptive analytics, or decision scienceExperience with statistical algorithms such as linear and logistic regression, decision trees, neural networks, random forests, gradient boosting, SVM, etc. and their applications in a retail environment Familiarity with optimization methods such as Linear Programming, Discrete Event Simulation, Genetic Algorithm, Queuing Theory, Inventory Control models, etc.Experience deploying above described algorithms on large datasets.Ability to manipulate structured and unstructured data from an engineering standpointBuilding models, Customer Lifetime Modeling, Customer Retention Rates, Customer Lifetime Value, Regression based approach, Statistical Modeling, Machine LearningTech Stack - R and Python primary skillset but also very skilled in SQL, Alteryx or TableauExperience working with Big Data (Spark, Hive, Hadoop environment), Critical thinking and an advanced degree in CSE, Engineering, Mathematics, StatisticsWe also need this resource to have experience building demand models and demand forecasting. Need someone who would be able to build a model predicting the demand for products over the next 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year. We also need this person to design a scoring a management process that allows all models to be automated and be able to monitor the model for performance. Tools:Strong experience with programming languages in various combinations: SQL, Python, R, SAS, SPSS, Java, JavaScript, C, C++. Usage of integrated development environment (IDE) to the text editor plus terminal combination for R and Python, such as R-Studio, PyCharm, etc. Familiar with Hive, Spark, Db Visualizer, Alteryx, Tableau, Omniture, Anaconda etc.Familiar with Microsoft Office products.Traits:Problem solver and self-starter.Conceptual thinker.Focused on results.Proficient communicator.Manages ambiguity. Highly accountable.Ability to identify business problems and conceptualize it independently as an analytics problem.bhambor@fastswitch.comtfout@fastswitch.comIND-FSgdr4900
