Job CategoryProducts and Technology 
Job Details 
Machine Learning/ Deep Learning/ Data Scientist (Product Development - Sr./Lead/Principal)  @ Salesforce  
In school, or graduated within the last 12 months?  Please visit FutureForce for opportunities 
The role and your impact: 
Salesforce is the #1 in CRM in the world, and best known as the Customer Success Platform.  As an industry leader in Sales, Service, and Marketing, we have some of the most unique data sets in the world.  With our customers we are trailblazing new ways to bring AI to their customers.  Whether its Service Technicians triaging their most urgent support tickets, or helping Retailers build deeper, more personalized relationships with each customer, or helping sales teams prioritize opportunities and win more deals.  
Salesforce is looking for data scientists with hands on experience transforming unique data into amazing products. At scale.  You will have access to an enormous amount of high-value business activity data, including unstructured and semi-structured records around the sales process, and customer activity data such as email messages, calendar events, and phone calls. You will participate in the end-to-end processes of product development using machine learning, from proof of concept to deploying models in production. You will be asked to experiment with state-of-the-art technologies and conduct research work geared towards new product development.You will be working with a group of world-class data scientists and engineers to build intelligent services for both internal teams and customer-facing products. We are a team with diverse technical backgrounds who share a passion for problem-solving, new technologies, and learning. We love to learn and teach and help each other, and we are looking for people with a collaborative attitude and openness to others' ideas. 
A typical day for you might include some of the following:   

Brainstorm data product ideas with the data scientists that built some of the most exciting data products that hundreds of millions people use every day.   

Work with fellow engineers to build out other parts of the infrastructure, effectively communicating your needs and understanding theirs.  

Meet with external customers and understanding their businesses and their challenges.   

Work with internal product teams to transform and sprinkle machine learning fairy dust on their products.   

Build intelligence into our services to make them run smarter.  

Participate in meal conversations with your team members about really important topics, such as: Should the cuteness of panda bears be a factor in their survivability? Is love a decision tree or a regression model? How far ahead would society be today if we had 12 fingers instead of 10?    
What we care about:   

You have industry experience with writing code (e.g., Python, Scala, PySpark, Java) and taking ML models/ algorithms to production. Preference for 5+ years of industry experience (without PhD); at least 2-3+ years of industry experience with PhD. This is not an entry level / new college graduate role.  

You have to love data - this is what we do. We are looking for people who are excited about different and unique data sets, and all the ways that they could be used in order to improve user experience.    
Qualifications:  

You share our values: Trust, Innovation, Equality, and Giving Back  

Experience presenting insights to executives and non-technical audiences around product analytics data  

Proven knowledge with applied statistics and probability/ predictability data outputs  

Keep up to date with cutting-edge machine learning/ big data methods and techniques  

You are passionate about automating everything and applying scientific methods to solve business and engineering requirements  

Can thrive in team environments; using agile methodology and interacting with Product Leaders, Scientists and Engineers to solve technologys greatest challenges  

Learn quickly in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment  

Completed a Bachelors and/or Masters degree related to Computer Science, Statistics or related major studying AI (artificial intelligence), ML (machine learning), NLP (natural language processing), Data Science or Mathematics   
Preferred Qualifications:  

MA/MS or PhD degree in computer science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, speech recognition, natural language processing, operations research, or related technical field.  

Experience designing and implementing machine learning pipelines in production environments.  

Working knowledge of current techniques and approaches in machine learning and natural language processing: text categorization, text summarization, information retrieval, question answering, sentiment analysis, semantic parsing, etc.  

Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, Scala, or Python.  

Experience with Apache Spark platform (including Datasets, SparkML) and/or experience with one or more deep learning libraries and platforms (e.g., TensorFlow, Caffe or PyTorch).  

Creative thinking and a keen interest in brainstorming ideas for the next generation of data products.   
Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World's Most Innovative Company according to Forbes, and one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For six years running. The growth, innovation, and Aloha spirit of Salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. Salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. Join us! 
*LI-Y 
Posting Statement 
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
Founded in 1999, Salesforce is the global leader in Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Companies of every size and industry are using Salesforce to transform their businesses, across sales, service, marketing, commerce, and more by connecting with customers in a whole new way. We harness technologies that can revolutionize companies, careers, and, hopefully, our world.  
Salesforce is built on a set of four core values: Trust, Customer Success, Innovation, and Equality. By making technology more accessible, we're helping create a future with greater opportunity and equality for all. This has taken our company to great heights, including being ranked by Fortune as one of the Most Admired Companies in the World and one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For eleven years in a row, and named Innovator of the Decade and one of the Worlds Most Innovative Companies eight years in a row by Forbes. 
There are those who choose to work with the best and brightest. And then, there are those who want to do more than just a job. They are the ones improving lives, not only their careers. Having an impact now instead of later. Doing something thats so much bigger than themselves, an industry, and their company.  
We believe everyone can be a Trailblazer. Join Salesforce and discover a future of new opportunities. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94199 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_7373eb4d51d5247eb2be0ac9791df29d
