Headquartered in Lynchburg, Va., BWX Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:BWXT) is a leading supplier of nuclear components and fuel to the U.S. government; provides technical and management services to support the U.S. government in the operation of complex facilities and environmental remediation activities; and supplies precision manufactured components, services and fuel for the commercial nuclear power industry. With approximately 6,250 employees, BWXT has eleven (11) major operating sites in the U.S. and Canada. In addition, BWXT joint ventures provide management and operations at more than a dozen U.S. Department of Energy and NASA facilities. Follow us on Twitter @BWXTech and learn more at www.bwxt.com.

BWXT is seeking a talented Data Scientist with computer vision experience and machine/deep learning skills for research and development of learning platforms for nuclear power, propulsion, advanced manufacturing and medicine. This position will be based in Oak Ridge, TN.

Job Description/Duties:
Creates 3D visualizations from data, research, and code imagery in a machine and deep learning environment to overcome advanced manufacturing abnormalities.
Works cooperatively with engineers to create, build, maintain and modify data acquisition and sensor suites for automated data collection that supports quality and performance
Writes algorithms and solve predictive problems by collecting, curating and integrating structured and unstructred data from different sources using convolutional neural networks, PCA, probabilistic modeling and other data science techniques.
Performs functional and performance statistical analyses, set up designed experiments in the course of development, create and maintain testing documentation.
Job Qualifications/Requirements:
A Bachelor’s Degree in a technical or computational field of study (e.g., engineering, computer science, mathematics) with a concentration or project experience applying data science techniques is required.
A Master's Degree with either or both degrees employing statistical techniques and machine or deep learning methods is preferred.
A minimum of 3 years of related experience is required.
Foundational education in scientific or engineering field augmented by data science specialization or experience is preferred.
Strong analytical programming in C++, Python, R and/or equivalent is required.
Visualization expertise such as OpenCV or other computational imaging software experience is required.
Experience with deep learning methods (Tensorflow-based packages or similar, PyTorch, Keras) required.
Must be a US Citizen with no dual citizenship.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) clearance.
US Citizenship, with no dual citizenship is required for this position.

Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. Position requires U.S. Citizenship with (no dual citizenship) ability to obtain and maintain a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance which involves an extensive criminal and financial background investigation, drug test and previous employment reference verifications.

BWXT supports diversity and is committed to the concept of Equal Employment Opportunity. We have established procedures to ensure that all personnel actions such as recruitment, compensation, career development, benefits, company-sponsored training and social recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color religion, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability or veteran status.

https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf
