Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.At the heart of connecting people, is building a platform that fosters sharing between our users and their family, friends, and community. We believe that relevance is one of the key drivers to building a product experience that will fosters meaningful conversations amongst close connections. In this role you will be working across multiple product teams (Ranking, Search, Notifications) to help drive the insights in these areas that will lead to product strategies to win the messaging market. As we consider potential options to unify the various Facebook messaging apps (Messenger, WhatsApp, IG Direct), surfacing relevant suggestions or results becomes even more important challenge to solve. Relevance can be a complex space where we will need to make recommendations between tradeoffs in key metrics (e.g. do we prioritize displaying close connections in the Active Now bar at the expense of reducing new conversation volume). The ideal candidate would be comfortable developing frameworks to make these tradeoffs. This role also includes playing a tech lead/mentor role to the DS who are currently supporting each of the product teams in relevance and would be a great fit for a strong individual contributor looking to move into managing a team.Required SkillsUse existing insights, and develop an understanding agenda to unearth new ones, to drive the product strategyOwn all communications of insights to upper management in support of strategic decision-makingPartner with cross-functional teams to identify new opportunities requiring the use of modern analytical and modeling techniquesPlan, and be able to conduct as needed, end-to-end analyses, from data requirement gathering, to data processing and modelingOwn ongoing deliverables and communicationsWork with data engineers to architect data and modeling pipelines Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics, computer science, applied mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent experience8+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingKnowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., scikit-learn, TensorFlow, R)Experience influencing product strategy through data-centric presentations (to product, business, and other stakeholders)Proven experience in using ML to drive product experiencesExperience extracting and manipulating large datasetsDevelopment experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)Proven experience influencing cross-functional partners and work across teamsPreferred qualification3+ years experience leading technical teamsExperience in working on growth initiatives, products with network effects, or messaging applicationsFacebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
