We have an excellent opportunity for a Data Scientist with our leading client in Stamford. This is a contract to hire opportunity and as such, all applicants must be willing and able to convert to FTE following contract duration. Requirements of the Data Scientist: Experience with data analytics in a consumer-facing industry (telecom preferred) Interest in contributing to business operations through the delivery of insightful data visualizations Demonstrated ability to speak to and elaborate on specific examples of using data to answer business questions Excellent problem-solving skills and analytical capabilities, critical thinking, and business acumen Expertise in SQL, including complex query creation, and the ability to quickly learn new databases and subject areas Professional experience writing SQL scripts for data extraction for analytics from large, complex data warehouses Ability to provide examples of complex SQL code and explain it thoroughly Ability to lead a team effectively; experience leading teams in analytics projects Ability to program in R clearly and efficiently; sample and walk-through required Experience with Hadoop, Hive, and/or Spark is a strong plus Keywords: Data Scientist, Data Analytics, Telecom, SQL, R, Hadoop Job ID: 322082 About Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
