In 2018, the University of North Florida (UNF) received the prestigious INSIGHT Into Diversity magazine Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award, the only application-based national award for U.S. colleges and universities that exhibit an outstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion across their campuses. In addition, UNF ranked highest among the 80 HEED institutions and was also recognized as a 2018 Diversity Champion. The University of North Florida (UNF) is committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment for all who interact in our community. In building this environment, we strive to attract students, faculty and staff from a variety of cultures, backgrounds and life experiences. The University of North Florida is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not commit or permit discrimination or harassment on the basis of genetic information, race, color, religion, age, sex, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, or veteran status in any educational, employment, social, recreational program or activity that it offers. In addition, UNF will not commit or permit retaliation against an individual who complains of discrimination or harassment or an individual who cooperates in an investigation of an alleged violation of University Regulation. CarnegieUNF is a Carnegie Community Engaged Institution. This designation celebrates the University's collaboration with community partners from the local to the global level. It reflects UNF's mission to contribute to the public good and prepare educated, engaged citizens. Faculty InitiativesThe University of North Florida promotes the quality and effectiveness of education and strives to maintain the highest standards of academic excellence in all phases of instruction, research/scholarship/creative activity, and service. General Description / Primary PurposeThe Data Scientist, under the direction of an Assistant Vice President or above, designs, develops, and executes data analytics projects and initiatives, and delivers findings and recommendations therefrom. The Data Scientist also initiates policies and procedures to ensure effective application and coordination of data analytics initiatives to support the mission of the university. Essential DutiesJob Function-Leverages large volumes of data from multiple university sources into advanced custom predictive and prescriptive models that assess, inform, guide, measure, and monitor the University's strategic and operational initiatives. -Employs appropriate descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive methods such as statistical modeling, data mining, machine learning, and data visualization to analyze, predict, understand, and improve a variety of institutional outcomes, including but not necessarily limited to academic enrollment, engagement, retention, graduation, and key institutional performance metrics. -Works with leadership in Strategic Analytics to derive specific insights and recommendations from analytics modeling that can improve institutional decision-making, and to identify opportunities for leveraging University data and data analytics to drive improvement. -Prepares analytics findings for university constituents outside of Strategic Analytics in a manner that is understandable by personnel who do not have analytics expertise. -Develops processes and tools to evaluate analytics model performance. -Identifies needs for additional data and for additional data capturing and analytics infrastructure that can improve organizational efficiency and effectiveness. -Assists in the acquisition and integration of organizational data and in the development of the university's enterprise data warehouse. -Provides input to Institutional Research, Assessment, and Information Technology Services as those units improve the delivery of analytics findings to the university community. Fully documents the approaches and techniques used in each analytics project, and develops, stores, and deploys data sets, programming code, spreadsheets, and other analytics derivative works, such that follow-on effort and organizational learning are facilitated. Writes and presents regular status reports, summaries, and research briefs regarding analytics projects and findings. Guides data analytics specialist(s) and other affiliated staff on appropriate techniques for analyzing data. Maintains an understanding of new and leading data analytics methods, practices, trends, implementations, and developments that could improve University performance. Maintains compliance with institutional policies and standards on data privacy and security. Maintains a high level of confidentiality in managing data. Participates and engages in efforts to further develop and implement the goals of Strategic Analytics, and to building an institutional culture of data-driven decision-making. Performs work thoroughly and with close attention to detail. Performs special projects and other miscellaneous duties as assigned. During declared campus emergencies, this position may be required to perform specific job related duties at a designated off campus location or place of residence. Percentage Of Time100 Posting Detail InformationMarginal FunctionsN/A Required QualificationsA Master's degree from a regionally accredited college or university in a directly related area of specialization and four years of experience directly related to the job functions; or a Bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited college or university in a directly related area of specialization and six years of experience directly related to the job functions. Faculty Position Required QualificationsDepartmental RequirementsPreference shown to applicants who meet the required qualifications and also possess the following: Master's degree in data analytics, data science, business analytics, operations research, statistics, or a related quantitative research field from a regionally accredited college or university, and at least two years of full-time work experience directly relevant to advanced data analytics, or Bachelor's degree in data analytics, data science, business analytics, operations research, statistics, or a related quantitative research field from a regionally accredited college or university, and at least five years of full-time work experience directly relevant to advanced data analytics. Demonstrated mastery of SAS, R, SPSS, and/or other relevant predictive and prescriptive modeling software. Knowledge of advanced statistical and data mining techniques (e.g., multiple regression, discriminant analysis, logistic regression, Tobit) and their proper usage, and experience with applications. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (e.g., clustering, decision trees, random forests, neural networks) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Power BI). An advanced understanding of quantitative research and mixed methods approaches as well as an ability to manage multiple projects. Strong work ethos with high personal and professional ethical standards. High level of energy, flexibility, initiative, and creativity. Excellent interpersonal skills and written/oral communication skills. Ability to self-start and self-learn. Proficiency in Windows and Microsoft Office computer systems. Preferred Qualifications: Work experience in a higher education setting. Demonstrated understanding of issues in higher education, specifically factors associated with student success. Demonstrated understanding of fundamental business principles, including those associated with business process improvement. Experience in management of personnel in an organizational environment. Demonstrated success in collaborative research projects and/or in working with cross-functional teams. Experience working with higher education data is strongly preferred. Experience in data querying and data extraction is strongly preferred. Knowledge of optimization modeling (e.g., linear / integer programming) techniques. Statement(s) of Understanding DefinitionThis position requires a background check. In conjunction with the University's policy, this position may also require a credit check. The holder of this position is designated as a "Responsible Employee" pursuant to their role under Title IX. Therefore, the incumbent must promptly report allegations of sexual misconduct, sexual violence, and child sexual abuse by or against any student, employee, contractor, or visitor to the University's Title IX Administrator or any divisional Title IX Coordinator.
