Dynamic, Entrepreneurial Marketing Consulting Company is seeking a seasoned predictive modeler to contribute to work on-site in Chicago at one of our Fortune 100 Clients . If you have an entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by the power of data - and want to be a consultant for our fast-growing company, we’re looking for you! BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company, fueled by data science, who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance. The Lead Predictive Analyst is an exceptional opportunity to provide financial analytics that will impact pricing decisions. The Details: Location: Chicago, IL Duration: Five months with possibility to convert to extend Benefits: We do offer benefits to our full-time consultants, those benefits include: Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on! What you’ll do: The project is a monthly production process involving the following major steps: Pulling input data from different tables in SQL server and perform data pre-processing to create a clean dataset Run comprehensive financial model algorithm in R Upload outputs for SME/Business Partner review After review, post-processing to generate multiple reports Transfer to data engineer to implement price change to go li Initial focus is model maintenance, and ultimately enhancements. What you’ll get: This is a key project for the client, so you will get very high visibility. Also: A collaborative environment with supportive cross-functional partners Support and expertise from all levels of the BLEND360 team including the Data Science and Client Engagement teams Benefits including Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on! Who you are: You are a seasoned predictive modeler who has worked in large companies and on large teams. What you have: Modeling expertise with R experience to understand existing pricing models and manage application. Requires senior level analyst to engage with a large team that supports PBM and pharmacy clients. Requires very hands-on SQL and R programming skills and the capability to work under time pressure. Financial Analytics experience as the models are sophisticated algorithms.
