Job Summary  
 
The Data Scientist will have the opportunity to work closely with the Company's IT organization to develop and implement Advanced Analytics, AI, APC and IIoT solutions/capabilities in manufacturing settings to achieve actionable insights and enable continued improvement for pharmaceutical manufacturing and quality operations. 
This is a contractor position that can be based in Peapack, NJ, or Cork, Ireland, and requires travel up to 20% of the time.  
  Responsibilities  
 
In support of the Company's IIoT program, you will contribute to the development of the multiple use cases across manufacturing operations, leveraging IIOT and analytics, in areas such as energy management, predictive maintenance, production scheduling and process optimization. 
Development and implementation of analytic models and tools using advanced analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence; 
Work with the IIoT developers to integrate predictive/prescriptive analytics with the IIoT platform to achieve visibility, predictability and learning across multiple automation layers from process to plant and to enterprise 
Understand Advanced Analytics approaches in other businesses;  
  Qualifications  
  Education  
 
Bachelor's Degree or higher in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering and/or Computer Science  
  Experience  
 
Hands-on experience in data science, advanced analytics, multivariate data analysis, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and familiarity with related open source libraries (e.g. Tensor Flow, AWS ML) 
Proficient in one or more of the following programming environments: Python (preferred), R, Matlab, PMML, JAVA, Spark 
Familiarity with deep Learning, Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing or related fields 
Experience with cloud-based analytics platforms 
Experience with ThingWorx IIoT platform preferred 
Familiarity with industrial process control system, operations management system and/or SAP is a plus 
Pharmaceutical experience preferred but not necessary  
  Skills  
 
Independent, self-motivated personality with excellent oral and written communication skills 
Ability to work collaboratively in diverse cross-functional teams on innovative solutions and tools with an open attitude towards fast learning  

 Please submit your resume for consideration. Once submitted, feel free to contact Prakash at   201-308-0009 for additional information. 

 Approx. Duration: 12 months 

 About Hired By Matrix 

Hired by Matrix, Inc. founded in 1986, is a certified Woman-Owned Business Enterprise (WBE) dedicated to providing the highest quality of job opportunities to our candidates and staffing services to our clients. We are a full service staffing firm with experience recruiting and delivering for IT, Accounting & Finance, Administrative & Clerical, Clinical & Scientific, and Marketing disciplines. Our long history in the staffing industry and dedication to excellence are the key differentiators that have fueled our success for over 30 years.

Hired by Matrix offers our contract professionals competitive salaries, benefits after 60 days and a 401k option after one year.
Equal Opportunity Employer
WBENC Certified
WOSB Certified
*CEO Sharon Olzerowicz serves on the WBENC Board and is a long-standing member of the Forum Governing Group.

We work hard to match our candidates with the right career opportunities. Let us find you a  #MatrixMatch  so you can reach your career goals!

Connect with us on LinkedIn and see how we can impact your career!

Hired by Matrix Career Center:  https://www.hiredbymatrix.com/find-work/open-positions/ 
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Peapack, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         BBBH30173_1565212193
