Job Description   
We have a great opportunity for a Data Scientist with strong experience in algorithm creation and digital product development with our leading client in Midtown. In this role, you will collaborate closely with marketing, engineering, and UX teams.   
     We will accept corp to corp or w2 contractors. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance.      
     Requirements of the Data Scientist:           
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or Mathematics      
At least 3 years of experience in data science building end-to-end solutions     
Background in machine learning and artificial intelligence, including best practices     
Fluency in SQL and Java/Python/R     
Proficiency in data mining and statistical analysis     
Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills     
Excellent verbal and written communication skills     
Ability to document steps taken on logic/algorithm creation     
Ability to present ideas efficiently and effectively to technical and non-technical audiences      
Keywords: Data Scientist, Machine Learning, AI, SQL, Java, Python, R, Algorithm Development   
Job ID: 321965   
     About Eliassen Group:      
Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit   http://www.eliassen.com  .   
Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.   
Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a    $1,000 referral check !     

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         J3P6J66L9GK4J161NRX
