Senior Data Scientist – Plymouth, MN

Job Description:

Formulate and apply mathematical modeling and other analytic methods to develop and interpret data to help optimize business decision making, strategy, and processes. Oversee optimization projects that use advanced analytics techniques like computer vision, machine learning, and statistical analysis. Explore, connect, mine, and analyze internal and external data sources. Design strategies and propose algorithms to analyze and leverage data from existing and new sources. Develop and code models for complex projects by applying algorithms to large structured and unstructured datasets. Develop predictive data models for pattern detection and forecasting. Develop and recommend solutions that deliver value to various Cargill business units and functions on metrics including operational efficiency, sales effectiveness, sourcing and procurement, and supply chain optimization. Collaborate with business stakeholders to develop pipeline of data science projects that align with business strategies and solve identified business problems. Translate complex and ambiguous business problems into project charters, identifying technical risks and project scope. Lead cross-disciplinary team of data scientists, database specialists, and business subject matter experts to complete project deliverables on time and within budget. Research industry best practices and create new data analytics capabilities to improve Cargill business decisions.

Travel required 10% of the time to fulfill job responsibilities as needed.

Qualified applicants apply online.

Qualifications

Required Education and experience: Master’s degree in Predictive Analytics, Business Analytics, Data Science, Operations Research, Management Information Systems, Statistics, and 3 years of experience in job offered or alternate occupation of Data Scientist, Analytics Lead, Analytics Consultant, or Operations Research Analyst.

Required Skills:

Three (3) years of experience in:

Architecting technology stacks to employ multiple data science platforms for large-scale data analysis;

Predictive data modeling;

Advanced analytics methods including regression analysis, clustering, and machine learning;

Statistical software/languages including R and Python, and multiple packages associated with these languages (including dplyr, cluster, caret, pandas, scikit-learn, and NLTK);

SQL.

Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Vet.

Job Research and Development

Primary Location US-MN-Wayzata

Schedule Full-time

Job Type Standard

Shift Day Job
