To "Quick Apply", visit the posting on Indeed.com or LinkedIn, or simply email your resume to careers@conmet.com (with "Data Scientist - Vancouver" in the subject line). Note that we are unable to provide any visa sponsorship of any kind (including H1b or OPT) for this position—all applicants must have permanent legal ability to work in the United States.

Company Overview

Consolidated Metco (ConMet) is a leading global manufacturer of components for the commercial vehicle industry. We design, engineer, and manufacture proprietary wheel ends, aluminum castings and plastic components for the commercial vehicle market. Our team is made up of more than 6,000 people across the United States, Mexico and China. For more information about our company, visit our web site at www.conmet.com. ConMet is a subsidiary of Chicago-based Amsted Industries (www.amsted.com), one of the world’s largest transportation component manufacturers and one of America's largest 100% employee-owned (ESOP) companies.

Position Details

The Data Scientist at ConMet will be instrumental in architecting and building our SmartHub data infrastructure. This role is responsible for designing and using data analysis tools that increase ConMet’s data scalability, accuracy and accessibility.

This is a newly created opportunity and will be based at ConMet's corporate headquarters in Vancouver, Washington (Portland metro area). For more ConMet HQ info, visit our local careers page at: https://www.conmet.com/locations/vancouver-wa-hq/

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Design and analyze experiments to measure the impact of the SmartHub features

Adding new metrics andaggregations to our data warehouse to make new classes of questions answerable

Building models to predict the growth trajectory of different customer segments

Collaborate closely with Product Management, Engineering and other ConMet functional teams to ensure that features of our new products effectively solve key business problems of our customers.

Build machine learning models that benefit our customers by making reliable future predictions using past data.

Design, develop and program methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse “big data” sources to generate actionable insights and solutions to support our SmartHub program.

Interact with product and teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments.

Develop and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources.

Identify meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments.

Be an internal leader in basic statistics including descriptive statistics, correlation and regression.

Assist our team in conceiving of and developing future data product and solutions for our customers

Qualifications

Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Business Analytics, Data Analytics, or Data Science

Three or more years of business experience in applying data science techniques to drive technical product development and decision-making

Data Science experience in a New Product Introduction environment preferred

Strong quantitative analytical skills; with statistical analysis competence in techniques such as correlation, regression, KPI metric development, segmentation modeling and algorithms

Fluent in either Python or R, able to query data using SQL, has experience working with cloud based computing platforms and big data tools.

Experience in data mining, advanced data manipulation, machine learning and statistical analysis.

Experience with data visualization and communication projects using software like Tableau

Strong technical background in computer science, statistics, math, information science, or another quantitative field

Fluency in at least one modern language useful for data processing (e.g. Python, Scala)

Proficiency with relational data modeling and SQL

Expertise in statistical methods and experimental design and analysis

Background in advanced statistical modeling (e.g. GLM, mixed effects) and/or machine learning

Compensation & Benefits

Excellent base salary and targeted annual bonus structure

Comprehensive employee benefits package, including medical/dental/vision coverage, life and disability protection, and our innovative new vacation plan.

Participation (100% company paid) in the ConMet/Amsted Employee Stock Ownership Program (ESOP)

Company 401k program (with 5% company match)

College tuition reimbursement (up to $5,000/year) and internal employee development programs

Gym membership reimbursement (up to $50 per month)

ConMet is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

For recently posted ConMet career opportunities, company news and product innovation updates, please follow us on LinkedIn at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/54513
