Physera is looking for experienced data scientists to join our team and apply their expertise across operational, business and clinical data. We build software and programs to support the delivery of next-generation health care. Putting better information in the hands of patients and providers alike is at the core of Physera’s mission. That is where you come in.

The most important characteristic of everyone at Physera is curiosity – we build software to help people engage with their health, and we are bridging new ground every day. We need data scientists who are excited to try new approaches to measuring, delivering, and evaluating the myriad factors that influence a person’s health related decisions, so that we can collectively learn the right approach to delivering the best health care experiences.

Like everyone else at a startup, our data scientists should be comfortable dealing with loose specifications, working both independently and in coordination, and being involved in the product process from cradle to adulthood.

Who we are

We are a passionate team bringing innovative technology, product, and care delivery expertise to healthcare. We strive to improve access to essential healthcare services while also providing the assistive technology that is necessary to help drive better outcomes.

Who you are

You are a data scientist who likes diversity in your daily work, taking on challenges at any point in the data science stack: instrumentation, aggregation, visualization, modeling, and all the rest. You are an integrative thinker who likes to bridge all aspects of a company’s operations in order to achieve the understanding required to build great products and a successful business.

You Have

Undergraduate or graduate degree in a quantitative field.

4+ years experience as a data scientist, quantitative researcher, or similar analyst role.

Fluency in some scientific/analytic programming variant (R/Python/Julia or similar)

Good design intuition and empathy for people using products you work on

Ability to contribute to the dialog about how systems are designed, built, and evaluated.

Also Great

Experience working in healthcare or another regulated industry

About Us

Physera provides individualized physical therapy delivered by expert PTs through the convenience of a smartphone. Our cutting-edge technology supports a convenient, engaging, and personal care experience – driving higher adherence and better outcomes. We remove unnecessary complexity from healthcare enabling patients and providers to focus on the aspects of care that are shown to help people get better. We partner with employers and health plans focused on improving the quality of life for their employees and plan members.

Physera is committed to building a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
