Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.

The Marketing Science R&D team is responsible for designing and prototyping highly-scalable solutions, and to ensure successful prototypes are expanded such that all advertisers can improve the measurement and ads delivery of their marketing efforts. In service of this goal, the team identifies and executes novel solutions, develops methodologies, and partners with our product and engineering teams. We are looking for an intern to help develop new methodologies and conduct groundbreaking research. The research conducted by the Marketing Science team is instrumental in informing Facebook’s advertising product strategy, and in the development of measurement platforms used across the advertising industry. This is a 12 week intern position based in our Menlo Park or Seattle office.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop and improve methods for measuring the causal impact of Facebook & Instagram advertising

Establish measurement approaches to assess relative performance of advertising strategies within Facebook and across marketing channels

Assess potential opportunities and execute world-class research

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree economics, political science, sociology, statistics, computer science or a related quantitative field

Experience in applied statistics and causal inference

Research experience with large data sets and experiments

Fluency in the languages of data manipulation (e.g., SQL) and statistical analysis (R or Python)

Ability to communicate analysis and results to any audience

Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
