In this role, you will work with stakeholders to lead the research and development of new enhancements to Conversant’s award-winning Conversant One-to-One Relationship Engine. You will contribute to and also supervise other team members with the aim of enhancing data-based capabilities for Conversant’s real-time digital marketing business.

Conversant analyzes anonymized, privacy-safe data at internet scale. We handle 200B+ of online interactions a day and have $3.8 trillion in multichannel purchases in our database. The Decision Sciences group is a collaborative R&D team that continually enhances Conversant’s award-winning personalization platform through a combination of data science, machine learning, AI, computer science, and more.

Our colleagues love the fast-paced, dynamic work environment, the speed with which we translate research to business impact, the opportunity to continually learn new knowledge and skills, the internal research seminars and external training opportunities, and the excellent work-life balance our culture promotes.

We prioritize talent and potential over having closely similar prior experience. If using internet scale data to drive business impact excites you, we want to talk to you.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Manage projects end-to-end from early stage research through development, in consultation with stakeholders.

Supervise data scientists and other talent towards successful project deliverables.

Use your expertise in data science and/or computer science to research and recommend solutions to our technology and business problems.

Provide technology leadership to yield innovative differentiating solutions.

Develop an understanding of Conversant’s personalization platform and proprietary datasets.

Implement and optimize state of the art algorithms in distributed environments.

Work with our Engineering teams to integrate your solutions into Conversant’s platform.

Participate fully in our collaborative approach to research and applications projects.

REQUIREMENTS

Graduate degree, Ph.D. preferred, in a computational, mathematical, engineering, or scientific field.

Research experience in a computational area such as data science, computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, or graph algorithms.

1+ years of experience managing research and development projects.

2+ years of programming experience in an industry environment.

Analytic and modeling skills; proficient at conceptualizing, implementing, and evaluating accurate and scalable solutions to business problems.

Verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to summarize technically complex information for a non-technical audience

ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS

Experience with distributed computing.

People management experience.

Demonstrated proficiency working with business and technical teams to integrate algorithms into product platforms on large data sets.

#analytics

#LI-AL

Primary Location: USA - United States-3090 - Illinois-50082 - Chicago-L5-Chicago, IL - CNVR

Work Locations: L5-Chicago, IL - CNVR Chicago 60606

Job: Technology

Organization: Epsilon

Schedule: Regular

Job Type: Full-time

Job Posting: Jul 22, 2019, 9:27:31 AM

Division: Conversant

RI: AL
