JOB INFORMATION

Conduct analyses or studies on effects of different economic conditions on the company's products, assets, or investments. Identify and evaluate economic trends and their prospective effect on the markets in which the company's goods or service trade. Collaborate on product development, risk management, financial management and capital market projects and exercises with economic analysis and projections. May represent the company in trade associations, professional groups, or to the public.

KEY JOB FUNCTIONS

Conduct economic research on public, proprietary, or lender data to assess trends or patterns in lending, borrowing, and the models used by the company to assess risk or assign risk management policies.

Provide macroeconomic data and interpretation on home prices, home inventories, regional trends and the like, both within organization and to lenders, originators, insurers, and the like.

Perform research and analytics on proprietary system(s) and related issues, and develop new models for understanding and predicting housing market activity that can affect lenders, investors, and the organization.

Production of analyses supporting corporate management and business unit management. Areas of research include credit profile, loan performance, volume trend, loss mitigation, REO, housing market trend, and general economic conditions.

Using public and proprietary data, assess risks in particular regions, asset classes, types of lenders or borrowers, and the like. Prepare analyses and reports as appropriate.

Conduct broad-based economic research and reading and prepare articles, digests, and reports for business unit management, specialty publications, clients, and the public.

EDUCATION

Education Level Required

Bachelor Degree or Equivalent

Education Level Preferred

Master, PhD or Other Advanced Degree

Area of Study Preferred

Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, or applicable scientific field

MINIMUM EXPERIENCE

6-8 years of related experience

SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS

Minimum of 3 years of industry experience with machine learning and data analytics

PhD or MSc in Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics or applicable scientific field with substantial expertise in image processing

Strong understanding of statistical and machine learning concepts/approaches, such as classification
and clustering, image segmentation and object detection techniques

Experience in deep learning frameworks such as MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch

Familiarity in Computer Vision and image processing libraries, such as OpenCV, scikit-learn,and Keras

Solid Python and C++ programming background

Familiarity with AWS cloud services related to AI/ML

Outstanding oral and written communication skills

EMPLOYMENT

As a condition of employment with Fannie Mae, any successful job applicant will be required to successfully complete a background investigation.

Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Req ID: 57495
