Position Purpose

This position will be responsible for supporting development of market optimizing revenue strategies and associated tactics across the different K-C Professional (KCP) markets by developing analytic plans for the team and leading the use of advance data analytics, statistics and data mining technics. The incumbent will have responsibility for directing a team of direct and indirect reports in developing, validating and evolving causal models. In addition, the incumbent will serve as an internal data mining consultant to the Global Revenue Management team and each of the Regional Data Scientists making analytic recommendations by leading the deep analysis on our customer information to better optimize our P&L without cost cutting.

Customer/Customer Expectations

Incumbent reports to the Analytic Lead for the Global Revenue Management group and has the responsibility to help develop customer and distributor insights by connecting advanced data mining technics to defined business issues and coming up with clear actions the business can take that significant profit improvement. Key customers for the analysis output include K-C Professional’s: Global Leadership Team, Global Head of Revenue Management, and the Regional Heads of Revenue Management. Key customer expectation is that data mining and analysis is completed in a proactive fashion, working with teams collaboratively, but pushing the thinking supported through data and clearly communicating how to drive improved revenue/profit.

Principle Accountabilities

Defining analytic plans for specified business issues

Analyze, trend and develop data driven insights into all facets of the strategic revenue management framework through the matrix organization including sales, marketing, business support and finance organizations.

Develop teaching materials and lead the development of data mining and statistically driven insight capability to ensure the analytic approach to managing the business evolves.

Engage necessary stakeholders throughout the organization to develop recommended path forward to accelerate implementation, remedy issues, and/or seize opportunities.

Collaborate with K-C Professional’s business support organization to drive appropriate development of revenue optimization techniques using advanced data mining and statistics.

Build the capabilities of regional and country Data Scientists around advanced analytic, statistics and data mining techniques.

Build compelling communications (oral and written) to drive change. Communicate in a way that is timely, yet prompt; complete, yet concise; and clear, yet responsive and inclusive.

Qualifications/Experience

Masters of Applied Statistics or a Masters of Data Analytics required, or equivalent business certification/experience

Require 3 to 5 years of business experience, experience in Pricing a plus.

Desire 3 to 5 years of data mining and analysis role using latest data mining and analysis techniques. B2B experience is preferred but not required.

Ability to work across the advanced analytic workplace:

Expert level skill level using data extraction tools SQL or Python

Advanced ability using analysis tools R, JMP, or Python

Expert with data visualization tools Tableau, Power BI, or Python

Familiarity with Alteryx

Must have working knowledge of Microsoft office tools including Excel PowerPivot and PowerPoint

Skills and Traits

Must have a strong analytic and data mining skills

Demonstrated leadership ability to be self-directed and thrive in a fast paced, deadline driven environment

Must have expert level skill level using data extraction tools SQL or Python

Must have advanced ability using analysis tools R, JMP, or Python

Must be an expert with data visualization tools Tableau, Power BI, or Python

Must have familiarity with Microsoft office tools Excel including PowerPivot and PowerPoint

Familiarity with Alteryx a plus but not required

Must have proven skills in change management, project management, motivation, personal and organizational sensitivity, analyzing, planning, organizing, capability development, integrity, and decisiveness.

Must have strong written and verbal communication skills and appropriate senior leadership presence required for effective interactions with senior members of the K-C Professional’s Global Leadership Team.

Willingness and ability to travel internationally up to 20% of the time.

Kimberly-Clark and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people - nearly a quarter of the world's population - trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene, and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No.1 or No. 2 share positions in more than 80 countries. With more than 140 years of history of innovation, we believe in recruiting the best people and empowering them do their best work. If fresh thinking and a passion to win inspire you, come Unleash Your Power at Kimberly-Clark.

Kimberly-Clark is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position.

This position may require a post-offer/pre-hire Physical Abilities Test (PAT) to confirm that individuals are able to perform the essential functions of the job.

K-C requires that an employee have authorization to work in the country in which the role is based. In the event an applicant does not have current work authorization, K-C will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to sponsor an individual for work authorization. However, based on immigration requirements, not all roles are suitable for sponsorship. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing.

Global VISA and Relocation Specifications:

This role is available for local candidates already authorized to work in the role’s country only. K-C will not provide relocation support for this role outside of country, this role is available for in-country relocation only.

Primary Location

USA-GA-Atlanta-Roswell

Additional Locations

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full time
