Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a member of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for a Data Scientist in Janssen Business Technology located in Spring House, PA, Titusville, NJ or Raritan, NJ. The Data Sciences department within Janssen Pharmaceuticals is looking for an extraordinary Scientist who is passionate about crafting, developing, and fielding data mining solutions that have direct impact to patients and Janssen. There are many ways to explore and analyze data, and this drives the excitement and passion of data scientists at Janssen as many business units are eager to use the data to build business value. The Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson provide medicines for an array of health concerns in several therapeutic areas. Our ultimate goal is to help people live healthy lives. We have produced and marketed many first-in-class prescription medications and are poised to serve the broad needs of the healthcare market - from patients to practitioners, from clinics to hospitals. We are Janssen. Our mission drives us. Our patients inspire us. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. As a Data Scientist, in this role you will stay on the cutting edge of data mining research by doing novel research, statistical modeling and developing algorithms to influence decisions at various levels in the organization, including but not limited to patient/payer analytics, commercial strategy, and patient support program analytics. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms, statistical modeling methods and the creativity to invent and customize when necessary. You will be part of a dynamic, accomplished informatics team that will support multiple therapeutic areas. Qualifications REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS M.S. with 2 years of experience, or PhD degree, in Biostatistics, Data Science, Computer Sciences, Epidemiology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline (Master's degree required, MD or PhD preferred). Strong working knowledge of statistical analysis/modeling methods, data mining algorithms including machine learning techniques such as regression, Bayesian network, decision trees, association rules, clustering, neural networks. Familiarity with large datasets, handling of healthcare EHR/EMR datasets and understanding of data analysis workflows. Proficient with two or more programming language such as R, SAS, SQL or Python. Experience delivering on data science projects using statistical modeling, predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining. Demonstrated ability to clearly explain study design, analysis results and conclusions This position can be based in one of our following locations: Spring House, PA, Raritan, NJ or Titusville, NJ. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Deep understanding of R&D and commercial deployment process. Solid understanding of Oncology and Immunology disease progression. #JNJDataScience Primary Location United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House- Other Locations United States-New Jersey-Titusville, North America-United States-New Jersey-Raritan Organization Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084) Job Function Info Technology Requisition ID 6862190613
