By selecting “Apply” above, you indicate you have read and acknowledge the Dow Jones Applicant Privacy Notice and Dow Jones Cookie Policy , including data transfers as described in the Policy.

Job Description:

The Wall Street Journal seeks a senior data scientist who will be responsible for developing models, new metrics and a sophisticated understanding of the publication’s audience to help the newsroom provide more value to its audiences - current and future.

The Journal is expanding its use of data as the newsroom increases its focus on its audience and what’s known about them, and this senior data scientist will be an important leader in shaping the newsroom’s key metrics, its predictive models and in segmenting its current and future audience into groups.

This is a high-impact role responsible for working closely with the newsroom’s Chief of Data Science, head of strategy, head of research and development, and other newsroom leaders on responsible, effective metrics that can be developed to inform decision making. The senior data scientist will work closely with engineering teams to make the most of largely untapped audience data sets.

A working knowledge of audience behavior around common journalism types, like breaking news and enterprise journalism, would be helpful as would experience in newsroom tools such as data dashboards. Knowledge of product testing, including A/B testing, as well as a strong background in what has worked well for content reach in newsrooms would also be helpful. And understanding of basic newsroom workflow and content types would help.

A passion for helping journalists connect better with their audiences is essential.

Requirements:

Senior Data Scientist candidates must have 2+ years of experience executing and leading data science projects in areas relevant to the work of WSJ newsroom data team. Candidates with a PhD in a quantitative field will require less experience, while those with bachelor’s or masters degrees may require more. The amount of experience needed will be assessed based on the depth of previous data work, knowledge of data science and machine learning, and the nature of previous project/product deliverables.

Skills:

Experience applying computational methods to journalism

Experience creating newsroom tools

Experience with recommendation engines and product testing

Knowledge of Python (Pandas and Scikit-Learn)

Experience with machine learning and natural language processing using open source libraries including TensorFlow, Scikit Learn, SpaCy and NLTK is preferred.

Familiarity with natural language generation and template writing

Experience with SQL and working with large tabular data

Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets .

Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line.

Business Area: NEWS/WSJ

Job Category: Technology Group

About Us

The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. The Wall Street Journal engages readers across print, digital, mobile, social, and video. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. and world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 38 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).

If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs - Dow Jones." Thank you.

Req ID: 17902
