What you’ll be doing...

This position will drive a superior employee experience by delivering cutting edge machine learning techniques and AI technology solutions. It will drive data science projects that enable better user experience, improved service desk performance and operational efficiency. You will work closely with a team of talented Data Scientists, Big Data Engineers, and Software Developers. You will play a key role in developing and delivering the next generation AI/ML solutions to the business.

You will create predictive / prescriptive analytical models to improve the Employee Experience in the Digital Workplace. Develop resolutions to complex problems; using sound judgment to develop methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria enables you to deliver solutions that make a big impact. You are able to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences, and you take pride in your ability to share your considerable knowledge with your peers and enjoy mentoring others.

Drive technical innovation through active research and applications of new theories, techniques, and technologies.

Be a subject matter expert on machine learning and predictive modeling, key trends and tools and a mentor to junior data scientists.

Work closely with engineers to deploy models in production both in real time and in batch process and systematically track model performance.

Lead the design and development of machine learning/statistical models and ensure best performance.

Deliver innovative technical solutions (predictive / prescriptive models/ deep data insights) to solve problems.

What we’re looking for...

You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You are a creative thinker who likes to explore, and uncover issues. You are decisive. You are great at influencing at all levels of the organization and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. Communicating what you’ve uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths. Ability to work in a globally distributed, diverse team.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Four or more years of relevant work experience.

Even better if you have:

Master’s degree in a quantitative field or relevant like Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science.

Six or more years of relevant work experience practicing machine learning and data science in a business environment.

Eight or more years of experience in practicing machine learning and data science in a business environment.

Experience in leading large scale data science projects end to end.

Technical experience in machine learning and statistical modeling.

Experience with NLP and text based analytics.

Knowledge with Spark, Hadoop platform (map-reduce framework, HIVE, etc.)

Experience with cloud technologies and AWS.

Strong on computing/programming skills; proficiency in Python, R, and Linux shell script along with GIT.

Experience with Scala, or Java.

Experience in data management and data analysis in relational database.

Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills.

Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities.

Ability to keep up with emerging trends in Data Science / Machine learning including on the cloud.

Strong foundational quantitative knowledge and skills.

Ability to work well in a team in a fast paced environment.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
