VDart – We are a Global Information Technology Services & Workforce Solutions firm headquartered out of Atlanta, GA with  presence in US, Canada, MX, UK, Belgium, Japan & India. Founded in 2007, Our team of over 2550+ professionals continually create impact for our customers worldwide in solving complex technology challenges with cutting edge technologies. We specialize in providing the Fortune 1000 companies, niche hard to find skills in technologies including Social, Mobile, Big Data Analytics, Data Sciences, Cyber Security, IoT, Cloud, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence. With delivery centers in the UK, Mexico, Canada, and India, we provide global workforce solutions to our customers covering EMEA, APAC & Americas.  VDart is an award-winning organization recognized by Inc 5000 Hall of Fame; Atlanta Business Chronicle*s Fastest Growing Companies; NMSDC*s National Supplier of the Year; Ernst & Young*s Regional Entrepreneur of the Year and more. Position – Data Scientist - Full time Location – Phoenix AZ Salary: Negotiable JD: Data Scientist Job Description: Looking for Data Scientist having experience in developing and operationalizing AI/ML models. The ideal candidate should have strong programing experience in Python and Spark.. Responsibilities: 1. Perform data modelling using advanced statistical analysis, unstructured data processing and developing predictive models. 2. Implement statistical and data mining techniques e.g hypothesis testing, machine learning and retrieval processes on a large amount of data to identify trends, patterns and other retrieval information. 3. Implement different machine learning techniques: Generalized Linear and Non- Linear models, Time Series Analysis, Random Forest, Gradient Boosted Machines, Text Mining, Deep Learning, Neural Networks, Supervised and Unsupervised methods using python and spark. 4. Lead the development of high -performance algorithms for predictive analytics, Testing and implementing these algorithms in scalable, product-ready code 5. Work with machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, H2O, Keras, TensorFlow. 6. Perform model evaluation, tuning and performance and scalability of scientific techniques and communicate the findings Technology Skillset required: ? Python ? Spark ? Pyspark ? HIVE ? SQL Good to have ? Neural Networking ? H2O ? Keras ? TensorFlow Referral Program: Ask our recruiting team about how you can be a part of our referral program. If you refer a candidate with the desired qualifications and your candidate accepts the role, you can earn a generous referral fee. We want to hire the best talent available and are committed to building great teams and partnerships.   We are Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. VDart Inc Alpharetta, GA recruiter@vdartinc.com Follow us on Twitter for the hottest positions: @VDart_Job Follow us on Twitter: @vdartinc
