Title: Senior Data Scientist

Office: National Offices

Location: New York, NY

Posted: Aug 8 2019

Apply for this job

ACLU job posts are hosted on Greenhouse. See privacy policy

ABOUT THE JOB

The Analytics team of the ACLU’s National office in New York, NY seeks applications for the full-time position of Senior Data Scientist.

Since 2016, the ACLU has seen an incredible growth in members, who give their time and money in the fight to defend civil rights in the United States. Going into 2020 and beyond, we have a range of ambitious goals, which demand that we are able to make smart, data-driven decisions.

We are looking to hire a Senior Data Scientist focused on the use of innovative reporting and advanced analytics to transform the way the ACLU approaches fundraising, digital communications, and supporter engagement. This includes designing the ACLU’s testing strategies, building models, and deploying solutions to help the ACLU identify meaningful insights, inform strategic decisions, and enhance engagement with donors and supporters across online and offline channels.

RESPONSIBILITIES

You will be part of the Marketing Analytics team, and work with team members across Analytics as well as stakeholders in our Fundraising, Digital, and Communications teams. You will also mentor the work of other Reporting Analysts and Data Scientists on the Analytics team. Below is a sampling of projects you can expect to dive into:

Modeling donor and supporter engagement – donations, actions, volunteering, etc. – and working with fundraisers and digital strategists to increase engagement

Creating and implementing audience segmentation strategies for communications, issue advocacy, and fundraising

Directly leading the execution and analysis of complex tests, and training fundraising and digital team members on basic A/B testing

Evaluating, acquiring, and integrating new datasets

The ideal candidate will have a passion for civil liberties and civil rights, and:

Demonstrate a commitment to diversity within the office using a personal approach that values all individuals and respects differences in regards to race, ethnicity, age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, ability and socio-economic circumstance

Commit to work collaboratively and respectfully toward resolving obstacles and/or conflicts

This role reports to the Director of Marketing Analytics.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

2-4 years of experience applying data and advanced analytics tools in a business, political, or non-profit setting; with a focus on fundraising and digital marketing

Fluency in Python or R, or similar analytics and programming languages

Familiarity with statistical methods, machine learning techniques, testing, and predictive analysis in service of real-world business challenges

Experience with databases and database query languages (e.g., SQL)

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Understanding of online tools, processes, testing, and techniques for content placement, social networking, and digital advertising

Knowledge of CRM technologies such as Salesforce

ABOUT THE ACLU

For almost 100 years, the ACLU has worked to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties guaranteed by the Constitution and laws of the United States. Whether it’s ending mass incarceration, achieving full equality for the LGBT community, establishing new privacy protections for our digital age, or preserving the right to vote or the right to have an abortion, the ACLU takes up the toughest civil liberties cases and issues to defend all people from government abuse and overreach.

The Department of Education has determined that employment in this position at the ACLU does not qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.

We value a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. The ACLU encourages applications from all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, disability, veteran status and record of arrest or conviction.

The ACLU is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability and need assistance applying online, please e-mail benefits.hrdept@aclu.org. If you are selected for an interview, you will receive additional information regarding how to request an accommodation for the interview process.
