The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to research and implement cutting-edge technologies to tackle problems of national importance. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll work to develop, consult, advise, and research new methodologies and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help clients across the USG make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good with the US Government.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

Basic Qualifications:

1+ years of experience with programming, including database, scripting, OOP, or HPC

1+ years of experience with computer vision, deep learning, image processing, or other relevant machine learning

Experience with Cloud systems, including AWS, Azure, or GCP

Experience with developing software to train leaning algorithms on large and intricate datasets

Ability to perform innovative machine learning research and software development

Ability to communicate results effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences

Ability to work independently on complex tasks

Ability to obtain a security clearance

BA or BS degree required

Additional Qualifications:

Experience in quantum mechanics or working with quantum computers, including both theory and laboratory work a plus

Experience with building complex data extraction, transformation, and loading, including ETL into structured databases, data warehouses, and data processing systems

Experience with consulting preferred

BA or BS degree required in Physics, CS, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related technical field preferred; MA, MS, or PhD degree in Physics, CS, or a related technical field a plus

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
