What you’ll be doing...

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will be ensuring that analytics drive continuous business improvements, bringing more profitable growth and an even better customer experience. You’ll define the analytics strategy and champion that strategy across the business, in order to create buy in for data-driven decision making. Your end goal is to recommend improvements that will go straight to the bottom line, by helping us serve our customers.

Partnering with others to understand business challenges.

Designing creative approaches to uncover the biggest opportunities for cost and time savings.

Defining and driving the analytics strategy and modeling approaches.

Building business cases and translating findings into practical business implications.

Driving the adoption of analytics in decision making.

Develop advanced analytical models and computational solutions using large-scale data

Manipulate and transform data to provide statistical analysis, machine learning, visualization, mathematical optimization and related advanced analytical techniques.

Complete the full analytics journey from stitching data together, analyzing data, creating powerful visualizations, and automating/implementing solutions that solve business problems.

Perform analyses that yield insights and drive actions on opportunities which improve business KPI performance.

What we’re looking for...

You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You’re a creative thinker who likes to explore, and uncover the issues. You are decisive. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups, and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. Communicating what you’ve uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Six or more years of experience applying advanced analytics techniques and solving business problems.

Knowledge of predictive/prescriptive analytics including Machine Learning algorithms (Supervised and Unsupervised).

Experience with SQL and scripting languages such as Python or R.

Experience automating data within Tableau/ Qlik/ ggplot/ Shiny to tell an analytical story.

Even better if you have:

A degree in mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, or economics or related field.

Experience with Tableau or similar visual analysis tool, optimization, analytics and large data sets, project management, developing visually compelling interactive dashboards.

Strong knowledge of database concepts (Oracle, MS SQL, generic SQL, etc.)

Strong knowledge of data warehouse and data lake technology (Teradata, Hadoop).

Good knowledge of third party analytic tools.

Experience in digital analytics / customer analytics / omni-channel analytics with a demonstrated track record of results driving growth of revenue, conversion and overall profitability through an increase in Digital Channel Mix and self-service / DIY transactions

Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLTK) and text analytics for information extraction, parsing and topic modeling.

Experience connecting sales/operational/channel data between multiple online and offline data sources.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
