POSITION SUMMARY:
Production Engineer - Statistics performs basic data analysis to manage daily operations for the product and its algorithms.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Manage daily operations for the product algorithms.
Track issues, coordinate new feature releases, and provide data analysis support to laboratory operations.
Investigate data quality concerns using Python/R. Drive informed and timely solutions for unexpected scenarios.
Track ongoing product performance metrics and investigate any variations, in cooperation with lab operations.
Interface effectively with cross-functional teams within the company, including lab operations and software engineering. Be the "go to" person for data and algorithms issues.
Produce high quality written documentation of study plans and analysis results.
This role works with PHI on a regular basis both in paper and electronic form and have an access to various technologies to access PHI (paper and electronic) in order to perform the job.
Employee must complete training relating to HIPAA/PHI privacy, General Policies and Procedure Compliance training and security training as soon as possible but not later than the first 30 days of hire.
This position has access to confidential HIPAA information.
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Employee must pass post offer criminal background check.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelors degree in engineering, math, bioinformatics, similar, or equivalent with a strong foundation in probability theory and/or statistics.
0-2 years of relevant and related experience.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Experience in a statistical computing environment such as Python, R or Matlab, including file parsing and data visualization.
Conceptual understanding of terminology and workflow for PCR amplification and next-generation sequencing, preferred but not required.
Eagerness to acquire new skills in areas such as databases, statistics, and genetics
Ability to prioritize, multitask, and solve problems under pressure
Excellent verbal and written communication
PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT:
Duties are typically performed in an office setting.
This position requires the ability to use a computer keyboard, communicate over the telephone and read printed material.
Duties may require working outside normal working hours (evenings and weekends) at times.
This position has access to confidential HIPAA information.
OUR OPPORTUNITY

Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications.

The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, youll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, youll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.

WHAT WE OFFER

Competitive Benefits. Healthy catered lunches, Premium snacks and beverages, Onsite gym with cardio and weight-training equipment, Game room with satellite TV, Onsite dry cleaning and alteration service with pick-up and delivery, Employee-organized sport leagues, Happy hours and BBQs, Generous Employee Referral program.

For more information, visit www.natera.com.

Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.

All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
