Our mission is to help people everywhere find a job and company they love. We are disrupting an industry by changing how people search for jobs and how companies recruit top talent.

Requirements:

4+ years of quantitative experience, ideally in an Internet company

1+ of mentoring experience

Track record in building great relationship with stakeholders and presenting actionable analyses that led to meaningful business impact

No less than expert level usage of SQL or Hive

Experienced with coding in R, Python or Pyspark and using Machine Learning or regressions to explain and predict business outcomes

Thorough knowledge in statistics and experience with ideating, designing and analyzing A/B tests

Strong visualization skills and experience with BI tools (ex. Tableau)

Masters in STEM field is highly desirable

This Role:

In this role you will drive deep and holistic understanding of our self service B2B product through applying a mix of machine learning, statistics and analytics skills. Sample of business questions: How to optimize our acquisition funnel? what are the drivers of customers converting from free trials to paid subscriptions? what are the drivers of monthly subscription retention? what are the drivers of upsells and downsells? which features should we launch? and more.

Decision Science at Glassdoor:

The Decision Science team drives data-driven strategy and decision making across the company through predictive analytics, testing and optimization. We drive product prioritization and inform business strategy by developing a deep understanding of our users and clients. The Decision Science team is partner to our department leaders in Product, Marketing, Business Operations and Sales teams.

Why Glassdoor?

Work with purpose – join us in creating transparency for job seekers everywhere

Glassdoor gives back! Glassdoor is a Pledge 1% member; all employees receive 3 paid volunteer days per year

100% company paid medical/dental/vision/life coverage; 80% dependent coverage

Paid holidays and flexible paid time off

Long Term Incentive Plan

401(k) Plan with a Company Match to prepare for your future

No gender pay gap ( https://www.glassdoor.com/about-us/glassdoor-pay-gap-audit-2019/ ); we're committed to equal pay with our annual pay gap 'checkup'

Located in up-and-coming Fulton Market neighborhood

Discounted memberships for local gyms and Divvy

Free snacks, drinks, and coffee always available

Your choice between Mac or PC

Fun office events and celebrations

Convenient to public transportation, with pre-tax commuter benefits available

Glassdoor is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, age, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Glassdoor is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
