Inscopix, a discovery phase neurotechnology company, is seeking a Data Scientist to study and design novel data analyses for our Inscopix nVista and nVoke platforms.

As a data scientist, you will be involved in experimental design and analysis of new technology applications. In close collaboration with our internal scientists and software developers, you will help further understanding of neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric diseases and accelerate basic neuroscience research by developing robust image processing and statistical analysis tools for calcium imaging data. You will also engage in high-throughput cloud processing of neural data with our C++/Python stack.

The ideal candidate will have/be:

PhD or Masters in a STEM field with Neuroscience exposure

5+ years of data science experience in the Neuroscience Field

Hands-on experience with statistics and machine learning

Strong mathematical/scientific programming skills and data visualization in Python or R

Experience with large-scale data analysis, cloud computing experience a plus

Experience working closely with experimentalists in study design and data analysis

Experience with image processing, calcium imaging experience a big plus

Team-Oriented – ability to multitask on a variety of projects with diverse needs

Detailed-Oriented - ability to develop detailed plans and then execute on those plans

Priority-Minded - ability to stay focused, identifying and executing on only the most important issues

Adaptable - ability to know when and how to act quickly to proactively solve problems

Good publication record a plus

Unique features of working for Inscopix:

Opportunity to work in a highly collaborative environment with interdisciplinary teams

Early access to ground-breaking technologies

Focus on transformative research with high impact

Significant training resources

Exposure to and collaborations with leading neuroscientists in academia and industry

How to Apply:

Please forward cover letter and resume

About Inscopix:

Decoding the neural language of the brain is the defining scientific challenge and opportunity of the 21st Century. Inscopix is a discovery phase neurotechnology company based in Palo Alto developing a platform and full stack for real-time brain mapping. Our team brings together deep domain expertise in neuroscience, physics, engineering, software development, and data science and is enabling radically new approaches to understanding the brain in health and disease. Inscopix's neurotechnologies and the knowledge that they foster will transform human existence, from alleviating the suffering caused by debilitating brain disorders, to the development of advanced artificial intelligence, to a more profound understanding of what makes us the dominant species on Planet Earth. nVista and nVoke, our flagship products, are in use today at over 350 research institutions across the world, and have resulted in over 65 top-tier scientific publications on learning, memory, cognition, and on the brain circuits implicated in diseases such as Parkinson's. Our instrumentation products are accompanied with sophisticated data analysis software as part of end-to-end solutions for generating and analyzing brain activity data. Inscopix has been recognized as a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, and by Deloitte as one of North America's fastest growing technology companies.

Inscopix is an equal employment opportunity employer.

1eVlsVSC4K
