Where good people build rewarding careers.

Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.

Job Family Summary

The Data Scientist /Applied Machine Learning job family is responsible for researching, designing, and building various scales and complexity systems by implementing supervised and unsupervised machine-learning techniques. Roles within this family will apply technologies and methodologies associated with machine learning, information retrieval, artificial intelligence and natural language processing. Incumbents will work both individually and with small teams to envision and realize cutting-edge ideas through rapid prototyping, development and deployment. Additionally, roles in this family will be responsible for long term support maintenance activities as work moves from research and implementation to an operationalized process.

Job Description

This Senior Consultant II is a hands on, forward data science/ engineering role in the field of machine learning, information retrieval, artificial intelligence, and natural language processing. Contributes to the realization of cutting-edge technical capabilities into business applications by applying advanced algorithms and techniques to software solutions. Assists with research of key machine learning technical capabilities in support of Claims, analyzing long-term impact of new or anticipated strategies and technology trends, assists in performing strategic venture technology due diligence activities. Additionally, this role will perform day to day analyses and activities in support of long term maintenance for work transitioned from D3 to Claims.

Key Responsibilities

Adapts best practices to design and build medium complexity machine learning systems

Contributes to design and prototyping of medium complexity machine learning systems

Contributes to the realization of major machine learning technical capabilities in the industry by identification, research and software implementation

Serves as part of a technical team to implement machine-learning solution; can work independently on small projects

Contributes to delivery of technical capability innovation

Develops in-depth ideas and materials as part of applying technical capabilities into business solution

Ensures understanding of technical matters by non-technical, executive decision makers

Develops and uses subtle strategies to influence or persuade others, particularly in sensitive or high pressure situations

Extends capabilities by working closely with senior team members/experts both within and outside of internal organization

Job Qualifications

BS degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics or Mathematics major is preferred, or equivalent experience

Minimum of 2-3 years full time hands-on data science or software engineering experience

Instinctive knowledge of how people will want to use a product, service, or solution that solves a real world business problem.

Hands on experience with various supervised and unsupervised machine-learning techniques

Hands on experience in one or two of the following areas: machine learning, natural language processing or deep learning.

Ability to adapt standard machine learning methods and best practices

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race, religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment
