Slack is hiring an experienced data science leader for our Expansion product team. The Expansion team is a cross-functional team that builds foundational product experiences to help people that are new to Slack get started, get the most out of Slack, and help to promote full adoption within their companies. Our team focuses on the critical moments within the team’s lifecycle: creating and joining workspaces, user education, growing user adoption within companies, pricing & packaging, and purchasing & billing.

You will lead the exploration and understanding of Slack’s drivers of growth and adoption, using your extensive knowledge of various research methods. You will partner with other leaders on Expansion to find ways to improve the user experience and bring Slack to new audiences. As a domain expert, you will work to inform and influence decisions throughout Slack by crafting our understanding into narratives and partnering with key decision makers within the company.

As a data science leader, you will help to make Slack’s Research + Analytics team best-in-class by advocating for and implementing changes to process, tools, and systems. You will have a keen eye for opportunities to standardize, build new areas of competency within the team, and provide technical mentorship. You will be a strong partner to researchers with varying backgrounds, including social scientists, design researchers, market researchers, and survey scientists.

What you will be doing

Applying various data science methods to understanding the most important aspects of our product, users, and business.

Organizing disparate facts and findings into powerful narratives that have the broadest possible application within Slack.

Evangelizing evidence-informed decision making by partnering with key decision makers (including senior directors and c-level executives) and driving general accessibility of data and insights.

Coordinate the execution of multiple researchers and data scientists to methodically advance understanding of new domains.

Identify and drive improvements to the execution of the full Research + Analytics team through standardization of process, authoring new best practices, mentorship and cultivation of new expertise.

What you should have

8+ years of professional industry experience doing quantitative analysis. An advanced degree (MS, PhD) in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Economics, Physics) a plus.

A consistent record of using data to drive product teams to achieve ambitious goals and influencing company-level outcomes. Experience as a technical lead or manager a plus.

Expert in at least one programming language for data analysis (e.g. Python, R).

Expert in the application of a broad set of statistical and machine learning methods to build descriptive and predictive models.

Expert in designing and testing experiments.

Experience in schema design and dimensional data modeling and building data pipelines.

Experience working with data technologies that allow effective storage and analysis of large amounts of data (e.g. Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Presto, S3, etc).

Experience designing, automating, and optimizing data work flows.

Slack is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participant in the U.S. Federal E-Verify program. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Slack will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

Slack is a layer of the business technology stack that brings together people, data, and applications – a single place where people can effectively work together, find important information, and access hundreds of thousands of critical applications and services to do their best work. From global Fortune 100 companies to corner markets, businesses and teams of all kinds use Slack to bring the right people together with all the right information. Slack is headquartered in San Francisco, CA and has ten offices around the world. For more information on how Slack makes teams better connected, visit slack.com.

Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is core to Slack’s values. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a pleasant and supportive place to work.

Come do the best work of your life here at Slack.
