Position Description

A Staff Data Scientist is responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop multiple custom models and algorithms to drive innovative business solutions. Staff Data Scientists work on large project teams in order to provide analytical support and guidance to an assigned area on for large projects (for example, email targeting, business optimization, consumer recommendations) within Walmart eCommerce. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources in order to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for training the algorithms so they can be applied to future data sets and provide the appropriate search results. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for researching new trends in the industry and utilizing up-to-date technology (for example, HBase, MapReduce, LAPack, Gurobi) and analytical skills to support their assigned project. Staff Data Scientists are the subject matter experts for statistical analysis and modeling for their project team.

Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally.

Build learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis.

Collaborate with cross-functional partners across the business.

Collaborate with project teams to implement data modeling solutions.

Combine data features to determine search models.

Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships.

Develop models of current state in order to determine improvements needed.

Develop multiple custom data models to drive innovative business solutions.

Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects

Ensures business needs are being met

Interpret data to identify trends to go across future data sets.

Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity

Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates

Research new techniques and best practices within the industry.

Scale new algorithms to large data sets.

Train algorithms to apply models to new data sets.

Translate business needs into data requirements.

Utilize system tools including (MySQL, Hadoop, Weka, R, Matlab,ILog).

Validate models and algorithmic techniques.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor of Science and 5 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 3 years' data science experience.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Proficient with Linear and Logistic modeling, as well as Artificial Neural Networks, Random Forrest, and Support Vector Machine methods.

Ability to lead and provide strategic vision to a small team of data scientists for customer centric business solutions, while also contributing (hands-on) to data analysis and machine learning models.

Company Summary

What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
