Description

Data Scientist - Director #IN778

Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.

Learn more about this role and how you can begin Working Right .

Our Corporate Business Unit delivers reliable, durable, high performing products to our global partners. Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience.

Qualifications

This is an exciting opportunity for Data Scientist - Director #IN778 in Columbus, Indiana

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Design and guide advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills.

Define theresearch, design,implementationand validation of cutting-edgealgorithms intoanalyzing diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes such as demand modeling, supply chain modeling and optimization by leveraging complexstatisticaland predictivemodelingconceptsusing R, SAS and Python,machine learningapproaches, clustering, classification techniques, mixed integer programming,linear, non-linear and dynamic programming.

Integrate data from multiple systems using tools such as SQL, Big SQL or Map Reduce and engage in developing data mining procedures to extract actionable knowledge from systems that aid in engineering supply chain support of customers in their quest to improve engine uptime by creating a physical network that best services our customers by having the right product at the right time and location.

Create optimized and flexible networks for a growing product portfolio, uncertainty in duties and taxes, merger and acquisition activity and increasing supply chain resiliency.

Liaise with business stakeholders and leverage business knowledge to define the strategy and vision for advanced analytics using knowledge of Bayesian Statistics.

UtilizeData visualization tools including Tableau and Power BIto define data science methodology for complex business problems, data profiling, data quality assessment and analytical reports and Data and manipulation tools such as Data Guru.

Determine which algorithms and more complex statistical methodologies should be applied through the use of statistical and mathematical programmingtools including Matlab, SAS, JMP, Supply Chain Guru, CPLEX AMPL and leads functional excellence and thought leadership across CMI for Supply Chain modeling methodologies and tools.

Partner with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language.

Apply systems simulation techniques when utilizing computers to model then mimic a set of interconnected systems to determine how they work under dynamic or static operating conditions.

Partner with IT resources to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using rapid prototyping and inform the design of analytical products.

Utilize Statistical Foundation concepts including descriptive statistics, time series analysis correlation, linear and non-linear regression and confidence intervals to run statistical tests ensuring the quality of data and correctness of the conclusions.

Coach and develop employees on data science tools and methodologies.

Organize data science and advanced analytics people and processes to execute the work required to meet goal tree objectives.

Skills and Experience Required:

SQL, Big SQL or Map Reduce

Data mining procedures

Bayesian Statistics

Statistical and mathematical programmingtools including Matlab, SAS and JMP, Supply Chain Guru, CPLEX, AMPL

Data visualization tools including Tableau and Power BI

Systems simulation techniques

Statistical Foundation concepts including descriptive statistics, correlation, linear and non-linear regression, time series analysis and confidence intervals

Implementing design and research into predictive, machine learning algorithms, linear, non-linear and dynamic programming and statistical models using R, SAS and Python

Required Education, Licenses or Certifications

Positions require aPhD degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering, or relatedfieldand3 years of experience asa Supply Chain or Project Manager,Current Product Reliability Engineer, Data Scientist or related positionor the alternate Master’s degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering, or related field and 5 years of experience as a Supply Chain or Project Manager, Current Product Reliability Engineer, Data Scientist or related position.

JOB SITE: Columbus, Indiana

WORK HOURS: 40 hours/week - 8:00 am to 5:00 pm

To apply, go to www.cummins.com and refer to Job ID #IN778

Compensation and Benefits

Base hourly rate commensurate with experience plus bonus. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com

Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins

Job SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Primary Location United States-Indiana-Columbus

Job Type Experienced - Exempt / Office

Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced

Job Posting Jul 18, 2019, 9:30:00 AM

Unposting Date Aug 3, 2019, 9:29:00 AM

Req ID: 190002SA
