Data Scientist (Akamai Technologies, Inc.; Cambridge, MA) (multiple positions): Leveraging a solid understanding of concepts and terminology related to web content delivery, the Data Scientist will work with internal stakeholders to perform the following: Uncover and collect structured and unstructured data sources across the company; Design, build and automate reliable data pipelines; Analyze complex customer and product data to understand market ecosystems, customer behaviors, and long-term trends; Develop analytical insights to engage stakeholders in discussions to identify problems and improve the quality of operations; Build machine learning models to implement product and pricing strategies to drive revenue improvements; Work with data engineering team to productionize data pipelines and machine learning models; and Make data-driven recommendations to executive leadership team to help prioritize product roadmap.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Master's degree or equivalent degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Management or related analytical field, plus 2 years of relevant pre- or post-Master's experience. Alternative: Bachelor's degree or equivalent degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Management or related analytical field, plus 5 years of post-baccalaureate relevant experience.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have: Proven hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, and reporting/visualizing results; Solid experience working with real world big data (structured and unstructured), from business needs understanding to problem defining; Proven ability to solve complex business problems using quantitative approaches with a blend of analytical, mathematical and technical skills including B2B Pricing and product related business problems; Proven solid understanding of exploratory data analysis, data preparation (missing data imputation, outlier treatment, etc.), and data processing; Proven solid knowledge and experience in database technologies, including SQL (PostgreSQL, Oracle SQL, etc.), ETL(Extract, Transform, Load) and distributed computing system such as Hadoop; Solid ability to manipulate datasets through one of the statistical software/packages (ex. R, Python Numpy/Pandas, SAS); Hands-on experience in one scripting language (ex. Python, Ruby, Java); Proven solid ability in data visualization and its tools such as R ggplot2, Python Seaborn, Python Bokeh, etc.; Proven ability to work with data engineers to productionize and quality control data pipelines (demonstrated understanding of job scheduling, error logging, and troubleshooting); Solid experience with statistical measures (ex. confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, etc.) and machine Learning techniques such as regressions, clustering, decision trees, or NLP; Solid communication skills. (Please note Akamai is seeking the stated ability in the above skills but no specific amount or years of experience in these skills is required.)

Apply by resume only to Amanda Bowen, Human Resources, Akamai Technologies, Inc., 150 Broadway, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142. Reference: AB-AV-DS-0719.

Akamai Technologies, Inc. is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.

#LI-DNI
