Janssen Research & Development, L.L.C., a division of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies is recruiting for a Cheminformatics/Data Scientist - Discovery Chemistry, Discovery Chemistry, for our site in either Spring House, PA or La Jolla, CA.

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without disease. Transforming lives by finding new and better ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring together the best minds and pursue the most promising science.

We are Janssen. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Learn more at www.janssen.com and follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen Research & Development, LLC is part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies.

We are seeking a creative Cheminformatics/Data Scientist with a strong background in cheminformatics and data science to join the Chemistry Capabilities group at Janssen. This incumbent will be responsible for exploration in a broad range of cheminformatics areas: molecular target design, synthesis and purification, application of property predictions, automation integration, high throughput experimentation (HTE) data capture and interpretation, and reaction prediction through machine learning.

Responsibilities:

Enable compound design, synthesis, purification, data analysis, visualization and decision support for parallel synthesis, high throughput experimentation (HTE), high throughput purification and DNA-encoded library (DEL) synthesis and screening.

Liaison to Computational Chemistry and IT within Janssen to identify, develop and implement cheminformatics solutions to enable the Automated Chemistry Capabilities build at Janssen

Closely collaborate with computational chemists, IT colleagues, medicinal chemists, and automation engineers to enable effective Design-Make-Test-Analysis in Discovery Chemistry.

Develop multidimensional data visualizations to allow interpretation and structure of complex data from multiple internal and external sources into a format usable by project teams

Partner with project teams to develop informatics solutions to satisfy business needs

Qualifications

A Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree is required, in chemistry, computer science or a related field is preferred.

A minimum of 5 or more years of industry experience with strong technical background in cheminformatics in discovery chemistry space is required.

Extensive hands-on experience in cheminformatics (ie. chemical descriptors, similarity, diversity, SAR analysis, properties, library enumeration, design and chemical transformations) is required, with proven track record of accomplishments is preferred.

Extensive experience with cheminformatics toolkits and packages (e.g., Schrödinger, MOE, KNIME ChemAxon, CambridgeSoft) is required.

Practical experience integrating automation workflows with machine learning/reaction prediction platforms is preferred.

Expertise in large scale data handling (ie. extraction, manipulation, and merging multiple data sources with tools, like Pipeline Pilot) is required.

Knowledge of scripting in Pipeline Pilot is required.

Knowledge of querying languages such as SQL and data/text mining is required.

Expertise in generating data visualizations in tools like Spotfire/Vortex or Tableau is required.

Proficiency with one or more programming languages such as: VBScript, C++, Java, Python or Pearl Is preferred.

Molecular modelling, docking, pharmacophore analysis is preferred.

Excellent communication skills are necessary to work interactively and proactively with project teams is required.

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Primary Location

United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House-

Other Locations

North America-United States-California-La Jolla

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

Chemistry

Requisition ID

9878190716
