-

If you’re looking to leverage your abilities to make a real difference – and real change in the health care industry – you belong at Banner Health. With facilities in six western states, we’re committed to not only providing the finest care possible, but to advancing the way care is provided. To achieve our vision, we seek driven professionals who embrace change and who possess the passion and skills to make it happen.

In Business Performance, it's all about the data. On this team, you'd be using your critical thinking skills to work through processes, reporting, and analysis to make Banner a better place.

As a Data Scientist you will be responsible for providing data and analytic support for a specific subject matter area. This includes working with large databases and applying quantitative methodologies using advance analytical tools. In this position you will proactively identify new opportunities for the organization to improve on, using advanced scientific approaches and methods. You will also perform substantive, comprehensive, and quantitative analyses to produce data-driven solutions and recommendations to position the company competitively relative to outcomes, operations and profitability. Provides some training to peers within immediate team. This position will work with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams to improve business outcomes.

Your pay and benefits (Total Rewards) are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life.

-

About Banner University Health Plans

Banner University Health Plans (BUHP) manage a variety of health plans. Our mission is to advance health and wellness through education, research and patient care.

About Banner Health

Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee.

-

Job Summary

This position is responsible for providing data and analytic support for a specific subject matter area. This includes working with large databases and applying quantitative methodologies using advance analytical tools. This position proactively identifies new opportunities for the organization to improve on, using advanced scientific approaches and methods. Performs substantive, comprehensive, and quantitative analyses to produce data-driven solutions and recommendations to position the company competitively relative to outcomes, operations and profitability. Provides some training to peers within immediate team. This position will work with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams to improve business outcomes.

Essential Functions

Uses best practices and knowledge of internal or external business challenges to suggest improvements to services, processes or products.

Solves complex problems. Takes a new perspective using existing solutions.

Interprets customer needs, assesses requirements and identifies solutions to non-standard requests. Interacts primarily with department and cross-department peers, supervisor, customers, peers managers, patients and physicians.

Makes decisions within approved operating plans and objectives and within functional policies and precedents. Determines how and when to achieve results.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelors degree in the field of Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Sciences, Health Services Research, Process Engineering, Business or related field.

A minimum of 4 years of hands-on experience or equivalent with inferential statistics, A/B testing, machine learning, predictive modeling and statistical analysis techniques in a healthcare or similar environment. Must have experience in working with cross functional departments in order to serve as a liaison and provide relevant guidance or leadership. Must have strong project management skills and ability to work independently, manage large and multiple projects while organizing priorities. Excellent communication, interpersonal and critical thinking skills are required. Must have strong technical skills (SQL, SAS, Tableau, etc.).

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of subject matters such as process optimization, clinical workflows, population health, public health, disease prediction, readmissions, imaging analytics and in/out-patient monitory and alerting is preferred. Masters or PhD in Math, Statistics, or related technical field is preferred. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.

Additional related education and/or experience preferred.
