Do you want to apply your data science skills to solving challenges related to national security? Do you want to impact both day to day operations of and strategic war time planning efforts for Department of Defense clients? Do you want to play a leadership role in a company positioned for fantastic growth and impact? If yes, then you should seriously consider this opportunity.

JDSAT is an Operations Research and Data Sciences firm currently seeking a talented Senior Data Analyst. We have a unique, challenging, and immediate opportunity for a dynamic and detail-oriented individual supporting a Department of Defense client. We are seeking someone who thrives on challenge, likes to work in a dynamic environment, and who want their work to make a difference. The ideal candidate for this position is a well-balanced and experienced Data Science professional who is passionate about technology and experienced in data analysis, visualization and the development and maintenance of machine learning models. The Data Science consultant will be expected to collect technical requirements, liaise with data owners, manipulate and analyze complex data sets, and provide analysis of results that can be visualized in a consolidated format and easily comprehended by non-technical customers. As a critical player in a broad team supporting the client, this Analyst will play a leadership role.

Position is on-site in Falls Church, VA, so candidate must be willing to relocate (if necessary).

Position requires a SECRET clearance or eligibility to obtain a SECRET-level security clearance.

Responsibilities

Deliver technical solutions that meet client requirements in order to create dynamic data visualization and statistical analysis tools to increase the ability of leadership to make informed decisions relating to Manpower.

Work with clients, managers, and technical staff to understand business needs and translate these needs into technical models.

Extract, transform, integrate, and analyze data from disparate relational database management systems.

Conduct exploratory statistical analysis and data visualization.

Manage and support implementation of data and analytical products at disparate, globally-arrayed military treatment facilities.

Implement proof of concepts to help make technology choices and validate modeling assumptions.

Develop professional communication products in technical and functional areas that communicate business value to the client. Includes briefings (oral and written), white papers, and reports.

Requirements

Required Skills and Abilities

Master of Science degree in Systems Engineering, Operations Research, Data Science, Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field.

Minimum of eight (8) years of experience in a relevant field as described above.

Proficient with SQL and relational databases.

Proficient with statistical programming languages (SAS, R, Python, etc.).

Experience with a variety of machine learning models.

Experience developing interactive data visualizations for exploratory analysis.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences.

Possess or be eligible to obtain a SECRET-level security clearance

Desired Skills and Abilities

Ph.D in Systems Engineering, Operations Research, Mathematics, or Computer Science, with minimum of eight (8) years of experience in a related field.

Knowledge of DoD manpower and/or DoD medicine.

Proven track record of creation, development, and implementation of data analytics architecture, including data warehousing, data visualization, analytic modeling, and reporting.

Proven track record of creation, development, and implementation of large-scale optimization models in Java or C++.

Experience with a variety of artificial intelligence models.

Experience with Excel and Visual Basic for Applications.

Experience as a consultant balancing highly-technical and non-technical functional roles.

Benefits

At JDSAT Inc., you will be joining a collaborative and energetic team with excellent career development opportunities. You will sharpen your knowledge on challenging projects with a great deal of autonomy while operating alongside other talented Operations Research and Data Science professionals. We like to cultivate our talent and promote from within by offering a variety of leadership and advancement opportunities throughout the company. We offer: above-market salaries; a competitive benefits package; a commitment to achieving the right work/life balance; and meaningful work to improve our employees and our clients.

JDSAT Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, age, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet. Strive for excellence with JDSAT Inc.!
