We are seeking a Data Scientists/Analyst to join Data Organization in the Engineering department. This is an exciting role for someone to make direct impact on the revenue of SoFi. As a data scientist/analyst in the Pricing Data Science team, you will be working closely with a world-class team of data scientists and business leaders to help SoFi develop, implement, and continuously improve the analytical frameworks for pricing strategies and decisions.

At SoFi, you’ll become part of a new kind of finance company based around speed, transparency, and alignment with our members’ interests. Our goal is to be at the center of our members’ financial lives. We created student loan refinancing, addressing the biggest financial challenge of a new generation through a modern approach to lending and personal finance. We expanded into other types of loans, and then into insurance and wealth management with similarly inventive products and soon to be launched SoFi money a modern take on a checking or savings account. As the company has grown, we’ve been able to help more people with these tools. SoFi has achieved significant growth, with ambitious plans ahead, but to continue this growth we need great talent.

Responsibilities:

Develop and test pricing strategies that optimize profitability through the improvement of revenue, credit risk, and cost per customer acquisition

Leverage pricing models to simulate profitability from pricing strategies and forecast changes to SoFi’s customer credit portfolio

Build intuitive and analytical models to help decision makers understand the price elasticity of customer segments

Run significance tests and continuously discover trends in customer behavior to inform decision making with a high level of confidence

Build reporting pipelines and dashboards to deliver results of pricing strategies to the business

Present analyses to Pricing and Finance business leaders.

Qualifications:

M.B.A, B.S. or M.S. in Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related quantitative field is required for this position

Proven track record of end-to-end experience in building analytical frameworks to inform business strategy

Deep knowledge and understanding of statistical and econometric modeling methods for significance testing and causal inference. These methods include (but not limited to) regression analysis, forecasting, bootstrapping, outlier detection, feature selection, and decision trees

At least 3 years of industrial experience working in an analytics and business strategy role

Exceptional programming skills in Python and R. Knowledge of Tableau and other data visualization tools is preferred

Strong knowledge of databases and related languages/tools such as SQL, NoSQL, Hive, etc

Ability to work in a dynamic, cross-functional environment, with a strong attention to detail

Effective communication and presentation skills and ability to explain complex analyses in simple terms to business leaders

Strong relationship building and collaborative skills

Exceptional problem-solving skills

Prior experience in pricing analytics and modeling is preferred

Benefits:

Inspiring company mission

Amazing work environment in San Francisco, CA

Competitive compensation, including equity

Generous paid time off

Free lunch and healthy snacks

Subsidized gym membership

Medical, dental and vision insurance

100% of health, vision, and dental premiums paid by SoFi for employees and dependents

401K and commuter benefits

Tuition reimbursement on approved programs, up to $5,250 / year

Monthly contribution to help you pay off your student loans

Think you’re a fit? Send us your resume along with 2-3 sentences on why you’re the perfect candidate for the job.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
