Job Summary:

The Data Scientist will support CPMGs care delivery operational & business teams with insights gained from analyzing organizational data. The Data scientist will be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. The Data Scientist must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams.

Major Responsibilities:

Applies expert statistical methodologies to clinical outcomes. Partners effectively with physicians, other clinicians, software engineers and business managers to communicate findings using data visualization techniques.

Leads complex operational analytical initiatives, developing tracking, combining data from multiple sources to extract meaning, reconcile assumptions, and identify logical path for action.

Understands the current care delivery ecosystems, historical member behaviors, and long-term trends in order to identify ways to improve and communicate the necessary information to operational leadership

Works with physicians and business partners to formulate and scope questions and translate knowledge into care transformation.

Develops predictive and prescriptive analytic models in support of the organization’s clinical, operations and business initiatives and priorities.

Establishes links across existing data sources; processes large volumes of data needed for complex research/operational studies.

Provides advice about choice of statistical approaches, performs statistical analysis.

Develops systematic approaches to assure data validity.

Works in a team to drive disruptive innovation, which may translate into improved quality of care, clinical outcomes, reduced costs, temporal efficiencies and process improvements

Assists leadership with strategies for scaling successful projects across the organization and enhances the analytics applications based on feedback from end-users and clinical/business consumers

Assists leadership with dissemination of success stories (and failures) in an effort to increase analytics literacy and adoption across the organization

Stays abreast of state-of-the-art literature in the fields of operations research, statistical modeling, statistical process control and mathematical optimization

Works with autonomy to find solutions to complex problems using open source tools and in-house development

QUALIFICATIONS

Required or Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Business Administration or related field required.

Preferred Education:

Masters Degree, PhD in Computer science, Mathematics, Business Administration or related field.

Required Minimum Work Experience and Qualifications:

Minimum eight (8) years of work experience using medical or healthcare data.

Minimum eight (8) years of working with relational databases and SAS or R.

Minimum eight (8) years of experience in multivariate data analysis commonly used in epidemiology, including logistic regression, linear regression, cluster analysis, Cox proportional regression, GEE, and hierarchical models.

Minimum eight (8) years of experience writing and executing complex SQL queries to extract/process/report data.

Minimum eight (8) years of experience with statistics software (e.g., SAS, R).

Minimum eight (8) years of experience building and validating algorithms.

Minimum five (5) years of experience with text search and Natural Language Processing.

Minimum five (5) years of experience with visual analytic tools (e.g., PowerBI, Tableau, SAS VA

Minimum five (5) years of experience using tools and applications for very large, complex datasets (e.g., Hadoop, Python, Java, Spark).

Minimum eight (5) years of experience with sampling methodologies, including resampling (e.g., boot-strapping).

Minimum eight (8) years of experience with very large datasets (millions of patients; thousands of variables).

Preferred Work Experience & Qualifications:

Minimum five (5) years experience using the Epic electronic medical record for research studies; experience linking across tables and across Epic and measurements from other clinical instruments.

PhD in a quantitative health field (epidemiology, math/statistics, bioinformatics).

Training in data visualization.

Experience with AI/Machine Learning.

PRIMARY LOCATION

US-CO-Colorado

WORK LOCATIONS

Colorado Regional Office 10350 East Dakota Avenue 80247

SCHEDULE

Full-time
