We’re looking for a data scientist to join Patagonia’s Product Responsibility team within the Materials Innovation and Development team. The Materials and Product Data Scientist (MPDS) is responsible for reporting Patagonia’s materials and trim use as well as incorporating new and existing product and environmental impact data into automated analytic systems. The MPDS will share data in an easy to understand way using existing tools such as Tableau. This position will work closely with stakeholders from across the company, specifically our Business Intelligence team to identify high priority data needs and provide clear explanations of how best to interpret and use the data that is generated. This position will require strong data science and analytic skills, a great deal of self-sufficiency, great communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with various teams within the company.

What You’ll Do

The MPDS will work closely with the Sr. Manager of Product Responsibility and Product Environmental Researchers on the following essential job functions:

Data Management

Manage material, product and trim use and environmental impact data and reporting.

Execute data management processes including timely and accurate data collection from key internal and external data sources, validation and analysis.

Prototype and refine data models, reports, and dashboards.

Lead project QA, validation, and data quality.

Work with Patagonia’s Business Intelligence team to implement data governance practices including data sharing agreements and process documentation.

Partner with Business Intelligence team to create predictive analytics and AI models.

Identify long term materials and product data storage strategy.

Improve data systems

Incorporate new sources of data into existing data system.

Create and automate the ability to compare product and material environmental impacts to future hypothetical impacts.

Standardize process and tools to capture, integrate and manage data and ensure data quality.

Data Analysis

Identify trends & overarching data insights for key business owners.

Complete ad hoc material and product environmental data requests

Reporting and Communication

Develop and implement automated environmental product reporting efforts including the scoring for the “Cause No Unnecessary Harm” Principle in the Quality Scoring process.

Ensure material and product environmental data and dashboards are created for Sr. Director of Material Innovation and Development in preparation for the fall and spring board meetings.

Who You Are

Comfortable with team-based work structure.

Ability to remain flexible to change within the work environment and scope of responsibility.

Conscientious and provides complete follow-through on areas of responsibility.

Positive outlook, diplomatic and adept at conflict resolution.

Ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment.

Self-starter/learner, demonstrates initiative, able to work independently.

Familiarity with outdoor sports, Patagonia products, and our commitment to social and environmental responsibility.

Experience You Bring

Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Math, Economics or a related field.

Minimum 3 years’ experience in data management and analytics.

2 or more years of full-time complex project management experience coordinating and prioritizing multiple workstreams to achieve strategic objectives.

Advanced Excel data manipulation skills

Familiarity with machine learning and AI

Experience in a scripting language (SQL, TSQL, Python, STATA, R, etc.)

Experience using Alteryx to create workflows that include data ingestion, cleaning, derivation, modeling, and output.

Advanced experience with Tableau or other business intelligence tools and the ability to create data visualization dashboards.

Ability to convey complex concepts clearly and tailor information for the appropriate audiences.

High degree of proficiency in Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.

Excellent, demonstrated collaboration skills.

Strong information seeking skills and drive to deliver results.

Strategic, business process-oriented thinker.

Experience working in a cross-functional team environment across various business units and ability to work well with all levels of staff including executives.

Strong English verbal and written communication skills.

Employee Conduct

It is the responsibility of every employee to contribute to a positive work environment through cooperative and professional interactions with co-workers, customers and vendors.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other factors prohibited by law.
