Job Details

Job ID: 10848

Do you excel in an environment that values exploration and discovery? We have a universe of opportunities waiting for you!

New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That is our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, and then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, and then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one-step closer. If you are driven to discover, create, and inspire something, that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you are ready for JPL.

JPL's Instrument Software and Science Data Systems Section (Org. 398) consist of multidisciplinary teams of engineers and technologists who provide expertise across the domains of instrument operations and science data systems.

We are responsible for:

Safely controlling JPL remote sensing instruments.

Transforming data collected by these instruments into scientific measurements and preserving them for future analyses.

Providing context and understanding to the measurements.

Making the measurements and related information accessible to a broad and global user community: scientists, operations, decision makers and society.

Our engineering teams build and operate high performance data processing, management and analysis systems capable of handling petabyte scale datasets in support of science discovery, research, operations and applications.

We support JPL and NASA missions, as well as other science-based projects. Our research and technology development teams create new onboard and ground based technologies for data processing, analysis, modeling, reasoning, visualization, management, access and analytics that are infused into our data systems.

Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence.

We aim to do things never done before and to go places few can go. We dare mighty things…do you?

Responsibilities

Will be a member of the Science Data Understanding Group (398L) and will report to the Technical Group Supervisor. Will collaborate with group task leads to develop approaches to characterize and model uncertainty for NASA science data. Will interface with science teams to develop specific solutions to inference and estimation problems. Will be responsible for performing collaborative scientific research, including establishing and strengthening partnerships with science partners and other research groups. Will partner with other researchers to initiate and write proposals. Will report results in peer-reviewed publications and professional meetings.

Qualifications

PhD degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, or related technical discipline; Masters degree with 1 years of related experience; or Bachelors degree with 3 years of related experience.

At least a 3.0gpa on a 4.0 scale

Knowledge and experience with a relevant computational environment: Matlab, R, Mathematica, Python, etc.

Demonstrated skills related to statistical data science, including all of the following: experience with real-world data, statistical/probabilistic modeling and Bayesian inversion.

Experience with model construction and inference for spatial or spatio-temporal data.

Ability to independently conceive and conduct research necessary to answer questions posed by domain scientists.

Experience in computational procedures for quantifying uncertainty of atmosheric remote sensing data.

Significant and varied experience in scientific and numerical programming.

Data Exposure: Geospatial remote sensing data, environmental/climate/model data, scientific data sets.

Track record of collaboration with scientists, researchers, or other domain-applications stakeholders.

Publication in peer-reviewed journals, and speaking record at technical workshops and conferences.

Work Authorization N/A
