Location Name: Findlay, OH

Location Address: 539 S Main St, Findlay, OH, United States (US), 45840

Education Level: Master's Desired

Relevant Experience Level: Mid Career (4-10 Years)

Employee Group: Regular - Full Time

Employee Subgroup: Salaried Exempt

Overview

The Marketing Data Scientist applies a combination of statistical knowledge, programming skills, and business acumen to identify, prioritize, and solve high-impact business problems for the MPC Marketing Organization. This individual will be responsible for identifying, cleansing, combining, analyzing, and visualizing data from a variety of sources to obtain actionable business insights. This individual will leverage knowledge and experience in data mining, modeling, machine learning, applied statistics, operations research, and related quantitative disciplines to develop sophisticated analytics solutions to critical business challenges. They must effectively communicate these findings to Marketing leadership and translate them into recommended actions and ongoing tracking mechanisms (KPIs).

Responsibilities

Work cross-functionally to collect, identify, and prioritize complex business problems/questions.

Self-directed mentality to manage data set creation and maintenance; collecting data and managing it to support model building

Conducts analysis of large and multiple data sets using statistical modeling and machine learning techniques. Provides insight to other analysts and business leaders.

Develops innovative analytical models to address complex business problems.

Identifies and documents trends and business requirements. Applies statistical, mathematical, scientific and quantitative analysis to derive “data insights”.

Develops written material and presentations, including visualization techniques to communicate results and recommend innovative strategies and solutions to the business.

Develops functional and technical specifications for reports and analysis based on business process work streams.

Collaborates with business operations to ensure effective design of data and solutions.

Stays current and adapts to new and emerging data science, artificial intelligence, cognitive learning and machine learning technologies.

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Management Information Systems (MIS), Information Technology, or Computer Science or related required.

Master’s degree preferred.

Proven ability to think critically and solve problems, given incomplete information and/or ambiguous requirements.

Two or more years of experience in a Data Science and Business Intelligence, OR 2 or more years of experience in statistics, mathematics or quantitative analytics or related experience in any domains like Finance, Economics, Mathematical or Actuarial Sciences.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques, including regression, properties of distributions, and statistical tests.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience using statistical computer languages such as R, Python, SQL, etc.

Experience with data transformation cleansing techniques and tools, such as Alteryx

Experience in statistical and data mining techniques, including generalized linear model/regression, random forest, boosting, trees, affinity analysis, text mining, social network analysis

Knowledge of machine learning techniques such as clustering, decision tree learning, and artificial neural networks

Exposure to analysis of spatial data (Census, ESRI) and Geographic Information Systems (ArcGIS, Google Maps, etc.)

Experience with distributed data warehousing and computing tools, such as Hadoop, SQL, and Oracle

About Marathon Petroleum Corporation

Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: MPC) is a large-scale geographically-diversified and highly -integrated refining, marketing and midstream company. MPC is the nation's largest refiner, with a crude oil refining capacity of more than 3 million barrels per calendar day in its 16-refinery system. MPC's high-quality, nationwide retail and marketing business includes approximately 3,900 company-owned and -operated stores and 7,800 branded locations. MPC owns the general partners of MPLX LP and Andeavor Logistics LP, two strong, customer-focused midstream master limited partnerships.

Travel Expected: Up to 10%

Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.

If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.

Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability

Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
