At Northwestern Mutual, we are strong, innovative and growing. We invest in our people. We care and make a positive difference.

Bring Your Best! What this role needs:

Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Econometrics or related field

5+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics to drive significant

business impact or to develop data/algorithm-based products

Experience computer division solution and deep learning preferred.

Statistical skills and consulting experience

 Experience with AWS, cloud architecture and cloud processes for datascience

Programming experience with a scripting language such as Python and Java

Proficiency with a statistical analysis tool such as R or SAS, Spark

Relational, and/or columnar data experience required

Experience with SQL

Machine learning experience

Ability to tell a story with data – What does the analysis tell you? What do you think the business should do next? Why do you think what is happening, is happening? Ability to influence others with the story of what you’re seeing in the data to make business recommendations

Ability and desire to mentor other team members through projects independently from start to finish, working with internal and external teams to make decisions and maintain momentum

Experience with computer vision software is a plus

Experinece with software development is a plus

Additional Requirments:

AWS cloud computing environment for AI/ML products (already mentioned)

Spark

springboot (Java)

Drools

Docker

GitLab

Grow your career with a best-in-class company that puts our client’s interests at the center of all we do. Get started now!

We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age or status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Req ID: 25863

Position Type: Regular Full Time

Education Experience: Bachelor's Required

Employment Experience: 6-8 years

Licenses/Certifications:

FLSA Status: Exempt

Posting Date: 08/12/2019
