Description:

This position involves developing AI/ML data models for Fraud detection and prevention.

Using SAS/R/Python and other data modeling tools. This also involves data collections from various data sources within and external. Strong knowledge databases like Oracle, Postgre is required.

Data Scientist/Data Analytics

You’ll need to have:

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Teamwork & collaboration skills to work across organizations and lead cross-functional teams

Communication & stakeholder management skills

Problem-solving skills to develop quick yet sound solutions to resolve complex issues

Must have experience in working with large/medium size applications

Experience in VLDB and in multiple environments

Experience with either Oracle/Postgres Database

Development experience with PL/SQL and SQL*Plus

UNIX shell scripting using Python etc.

Strong written and verbal communication

Strong analytical skills

Even better if you have:

Strong foundational quantitative knowledge and skills; extensive training in math; statistics, physical science, engineering, or other related fields.

Experience in leading large scale data science projects and delivering from end to end.

Technical experience in machine learning and statistical modeling.

Experience in data management and data analysis in relational database.

Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills.

Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities.

Strong experience in SQL and database management.

Python (including packages like SciKitLearn, Numpy, and Pandas)

Experience with other data analysis software and scripting languages (e.g. R, SAS)

General SQL proficiency one or many (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata)

Strong background in statistics

Risk management/modeling experience

Ability to bring in new technologies and streamline the existing and new applications.

Ability to take immediate ownership of unanticipated fraud scenarios and quickly develop ad hoc solutions when necessary

Work with business to understand the requirements and help to come up with right fraud architecture

Work with Project Management groups to co-ordinate multiple projects

Work with multiple architects to come up with right design/solution

Work with the development team to implement the solution.

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS:

Bachelor Degree in Computer science or equivalent.
