Join us in making roads safer by making drivers better!

At CMT, a Data Scientist has the opportunity to work on an extremely wide variety of technical areas. We collect high-volume, high-velocity data generated from smartphone and IoT sensors in vehicles. We clean, normalize and fuse multiple data sources using time series signal processing techniques, handing noise, censoring, and non-uniform sampling. Next, we determine which behaviors might indicate risky driving, using robust statistical analyses and feature engineering. We produce an estimate of aggregate driving risk using GLMs and ML regressors. Finally, given the risk estimate, we determine how we can most effectively help drivers modify and improve their driving by performing experiments and mining data.

Our Data Scientists are expected to read, write and test high quality Python code that will run in a production environment. Familiarity with standard Python libraries (scipy/numpy/pandas) is essential.

Qualifications:

BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related technical discipline

3+ years of work experience, involving statistical modeling and significant software development

Strong programming skills for constructing and understanding data pipelines

Preferred Qualifications:

MS / PhD plus several years of relevant experience

Experience with AWS or similar cloud computing environment

Expertise machine learning, data mining, and (robust) statistics

Experience in designing data pipelines and products for real world applications

Experience with modern/emerging scalable computing platforms and languages (e.g. Spark)

About Cambridge Mobile Telematics

At Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT), our mission is to make the world’s roads safer. We are the global market leader in mobile telematics with customers in over 20 countries serving millions of drivers. Our team uses mobile sensing and IoT devices, machine learning, applied statistics, and behavioral science to solve real-world problems to produce clear and actionable insights for drivers, insurers, and fleets. Founded in 2010 from an MIT research project, we still maintain a startup culture – often experimenting and nimbly adjusting to the needs of our customers and the market. We are well-financed thanks to customer revenues and a $500M investment from the SoftBank Vision Fund. Please visit

www.cmtelematics.com [http://www.cmtelematics.com/] for more information and follow @cmtelematics on Twitter.
