Site Name: USA - Massachusetts - Waltham
Posted Date: Feb 4 2020

Would you like to be part of GSKs emerging clinical leadership, with an opportunity to lead development efforts from Discovery through clinical trials? If so, this could be an excellent opportunity to explore.

As a Clinical Scientist - ICOS, you will lead the clinical development of novel, first-in-class compounds, providing leadership on clinical and strategic issues that impact the success of our Medicine Development units.

This role will gives YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following
Clinical-strategy leadership for GSK development assets Core Team
Design and execution (Back-up Medical Monitor) for multiple-phase studies
Strategic leadership for the clinical development of GSK assets
Medical Monitoring, design and execution of studies in healthy volunteers
Leadership of the clinical matrix teams for assigned assets
The Clinical Scientist has accountability for strategy, design and interpretation of study results that provide data to adequately address questions concerning efficacy/effectiveness, safety, applicability to targeted patient population, and clinical and commercial value that are consistent with the compounds phase of development while ensuring that patient safety is of paramount concern and that regulatory requirements are incorporated through:
Leadership of the clinical study teams in the design, development and interpretation of results of high quality studies
Effectively interfaces with and influences across a diverse and scientifically advanced community of internal and external experts, including collaborations with regulators, payors, consultants, investigators and medical affairs (Including GMAL) and commercial staff to deliver clinical programs aligned to business strategy.
Accountability for supporting medical governance (through the Medical Monitor/Physician Project Lead (PPL) and other Study Team members/stakeholders, as appropriate) and regulatory reporting at the study level by providing leadership at study level to assure overall safety of the study subjects
Further to study/project leadership accountability, the Clinical Scientist may manage other staff within Clinical Sciences.

Job Responsibilities:

The Clinical Scientist - ICOS is expected but not limited to:
Ensure delivery of quality study strategy and design, understand the analysis and interpretation of data throughout the study
Lead or Contribute as appropriate to the end to end (protocol concept to final study report) delivery of clinical development activities which ensure consistency with the clinical development strategy for regulatory approvals, reimbursable medicines, and successful lifecycle management; demonstrate ability to incorporate global considerations into strategic and operational decisions.
Understand the assets biological mechanism, clinical strategy, scientific interpretation of disease and target-based literature
Integrate data from internal, and external academic, conference and competitor sources
Understand and support creation and support of competitor landscape, medical need, regulatory strategy
Appropriately interact with Key External Experts (KEEs), Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs), collaborators, advisory boards, etc.
Implement new business processes and strategies and may also proactively identify issues and propose strategies to manage implications and risks on clinical study/Clinical Development plan (CDP)
Ensure the high quality of protocol documents are developed aligned to the CDP to effectively determine a medicines potential efficacy, safety profile, key areas of product differentiation and value to patient in the shortest possible timeframe
Drive/contribute to clinical components of the IB, and documents for regulatory submissions and advisory requirement, including scientific advice, IND, EoP2, pre-NDA/BLA meetings, NDA/BLA and MAA documents
Develop studies in accordance with current GSK policies and procedures
As appropriate, Lead Clinical Matrix Teams
Accountabilities:
Accountable for Phase 1-4 study design and P1 clinical pharmacology study design supporting the CDP
Understands objectives; safety, efficacy, statistical endpoints; epidemiological and operational elements; the biology, pharmacology and toxicology; data driven phenotypes identification, biomarkers, microbiology, virology
Authors the Clinical Study Proposal (CSP), prepares and presents the study at Protocol Review Forum (PRF), incorporates any changes suggested post-governance meetings
Ensures study protocol reflects input from internal and/or external experts/thought leaders
Liaises with all functions as appropriate to ensure study evaluates key aspects of the Asset Product Profile critical to product differentiation/reimbursement where possible
Provides input into and reviews other relevant study documents including but not limited to, the informed consent (ICF), protocol deviation management plan (PDMP), study reference manual (SRM)
Contributes to all regulatory reporting requirements (e.g., DSUR, INDSRs, etc.)
Ensures prompt, quality responses to Institutional Review Boards (IRB)/Ethics Review Committees (ERC), Independent Data Monitoring Committees (IDMC), etc.
If Internal Safety Review Committee (ISRC)/IDMC data review is required, participates in, or leads identification of internal or external ISRC/IDMC members, respectively and preparation of charter. Co-ordinates with Medical Monitor/PPL and other Study Team members and stakeholders.
Identifies and ensures the review of critical safety datasets for in-stream data review in line with Medical Governance objectives (through Medical Monitor/PPL and other stakeholders, as appropriate)
Participates in eCRF development and may participate in UAT
Reviews the reporting and analysis plan (RAP) and advises on required outputs
Participates in data review ongoing through study including interim analyses, in-stream data review, etc.
Responsible for ensuring the Go/No-Go criteria have been set for the study
Presents the scientific rationale and study design at Investigator Meetings and responds to scientific questions arising from sites during study conduct
Ensures prompt, quality communications with sites regarding protocol clarification and procedural queries
Ensures completion of medical governance (through a physician on the team) and regulatory reporting at the start to ensure overall safety of the study subjects
Interpretation of study data and scientific content of clinical study reports (CSRs) and regulatory submissions
Ensures CSR and other documents reflect input from internal and/or external experts/thought leaders as appropriate
Understands and anticipates questions from internal and/or external stakeholders regarding data results
Working with the PPL and other stakeholders, clearly communicates results to internal and external stakeholders and regulators
Drives content of other clinical documents (e.g. Investigator Brochure); regulatory documents input (e.g. DSURs, BRMP, DCSI, Annual Safety Reports, PBRs, etc.)
Knowledge of regulatory requirements to support registration; generates processes/plans and/or provides clinical input into briefing documents to support regulatory interactions/approvals and active attendance at IND, EoP2, scientific advice, pre-NDA/BLA, NDA/MAA, AdCom meetings
Leads completion/filing of key components of clinical modules (NDA/BLA/MAA, AdCom prep, Scientific Advice) for marketing authorization
Prepares and presents data externally in the form of abstracts, posters, presentations for symposia and conferences and external journal publications
Inputs into the organisation of Advisory boards and other scientific engagement activities.
Delivers of end-of-study reports and publication/presentation of results
Reviews/evaluates external collaborations (e.g. SCS, ISS)
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Basic Life Science degree or equivalent and 5+ years of industry or relevant clinical experience
Robust knowledge of disease-specific research priorities, public health needs, competitor landscape, clinical practice trends and treatment guidelines evolution
Broad understanding of the pharmaceutical industry and the clinical development process
Clinical training and/or applicable clinical research experience; understanding of running clinical trial from concept study idea to publication
Matrix management experience; ability to establish and build internal and external relationships at all levels in a highly dynamic and matrixed environment
Highly developed communication skills appropriate to the target audience, promoting effective decision-making where necessary
Good interpersonal relationship building/maintenance
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Advanced degree (e.g. MS, PhD, PharmD) or equivalent experience
Oncology or immuno-oncology experience
Excellent leadership and influencing skills
Experience taking strong cross functional leadership role in clinical development; experience & understanding of clinical development from early stage through to regulatory submission and market support.
Advanced understanding of clinical development and/or marketed support to recommend, influence, and implement improvements to processes.
Understands the study, project, and program level and can function successfully across a variety of projects.
Understands the impact of decisions and maintains awareness of business drivers and alternative solutions for project delivery.
Demonstrates a thorough knowledge of worldwide regulatory and safety requirements as pertains to drug development, research projects, and/or market support.
Demonstrated experience leading in both matrix and line environment to deliver projects, and manage change
Ability to establish and build internal and external relationships at all levels in a highly dynamic and matrixed environment.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk, governance and control, managing ambiguity and paradox.
Managing individual performance.
Creating a performance culture and driving results, prioritisation, execution, delivering performance.
Setting strategic direction and leading on-going organisational transformation.
Building a resilient organisation. Building strong relationships and collaboration in service of common goals, engaging the organisation and building trusted external networks for mutual benefit.
Managing P&L and capital allocation.
*This is a job description to aide in the job posting, but does not include all job evaluation details.

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
