Are you passionate about data AND helping patients improve their health? Consider the position of Data Scientist, where your experience in advanced analytics and modeling will directly inform how CVS Health helps patients on their path to better health. As a key member of the Enterprise Analytics Group, you will work with a variety of business partners from across the enterprise to both support the development of innovative programs to improve patient outcomes as well as reduce cost and improve efficiency across CVS Health The role of Data Scientist will primarily be responsible for developing machine learning and other advanced models that drive business outcomes across CVS. The newly established Machine Learning and Data Science team is an interdisciplinary team of Data Scientists that partners with business groups across CVS to ideate, develop, and deploy analytic models and solutions that leverage advanced machine learning and analytics methodologies. As a member of this group you will work with a highly collaborative team to apply state of the art analytic methods to solve real world problems. The successful Data Scientist will translate business needs into analytic questions; design and conduct rigorous analyses of clinical, financial, customer, and operational data; and translate these analytic findings into predictive models and evaluation results for our business partners. Key job functions include, but are not limited to, the following: Consulting with key internal and external stakeholders to determine how best to leverage machine learning and advanced analytic methods to support business objectives across CVS Health. Able to select several potential appropriate modeling approaches for a given analytic problem (machine learning methods such as ensemble models, decision trees; operations research; statistical modeling such as multivariate techniques).Efficiently implement the models in a variety of modeling tools, achieving highly accurate models. Understands the underlying statistical concepts and computational approaches that enable efficient execution of models and may be able to design and implement modifications and enhancements to the computations. Developing sound analytic plans based on available data sources, business partner needs, and required timelines. Able to apply innovative approaches to understand and predict what will happen across the business. Managing deliverables across multiple projects in a deadline-driven environment and project related to a wide variety of business settings and clinical needs. Presenting analytic findings in a variety of formats (reports, PPT, graphs, figures and tables), formulating recommendations, and effectively presenting the results to non-analytic audiences.

#AnalyticsEA

Required Qualifications

To be considered for this exciting opportunity on the Advanced Analytics team, candidates will need to have the following experience:

A minimum of 5 years of professional post-graduate experience in constructing, validating, and executing machine learning solutions.

Advanced skills and training in machine learning in areas such as: Random Forest, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Ensemble Models, Operations Research, Generalized Linear Models, Stochastic Modeling and Multivariate Analysis.

Experience in translating business problems across disciplines into advanced analytic projects with measurable business value.

Experience with theoretical modeling approaches and matching analytic modeling approaches to a wide range of business applications

Analytics experience within the retail and/or financial services, with experience deploying capabilities across a wide range of business disciplines.

Demonstrated effective project management and time management skills.

A strong curiosity to explore and uncover hidden relationships in data, and a proactive desire to translate findings into actionable business insights.

Fluent and recent hands-on experiences in R, Python, SAS, etc. Experience with computer development languages (Java, C++).

Preferred Qualifications

Familiarity with navigating in both a relational (Teradata-based) and non-relational (Hadoop) environment.

Recent hands-on experience with finance modeling, pricing elasticity, optimization, and value at risk (VaR) is strongly preferred.

Education

PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, or directly related field. Will also consider candidates with a Master’s degree in these fields, plus 7+ years of relevant post graduate professional paid work experience with an outstanding track record of developing and deploying advanced quantitative analytics to support business objectives

Business Overview

It’s a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nation’s premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, we’re pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, you’ll be at the center of it all.

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

CVS Health is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Gender/Ethnicity/Disability/Protected Veteran – we highly value and are committed to all forms of diversity in the workplace. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW and EEO IS THE LAW SUPPLEMENT. We provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact our Advice and Counsel Reasonable Accommodations team. Please note that we only accept applications for employment via this site.

If technical issues are preventing you from applying to a position, contact Kenexa Helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609 or cvshealthsupport@us.ibm.com. For technical issues with the Virtual Job Tryout assessment, contact the Shaker Help Desk at 1-877-987-5352.
