This position is responsible for running analytical experiments in a methodical manner and will regularly evaluate alternate models via theoretical approaches. This position also executes consistent statistical analysis and articulate results to management in a business format to support in decision making and analysis.

FUNCTIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using Big Data techniques.

Conducts data mining using state-of-the-art methods to drive optimization and improvement of marketing techniques and business strategies.

Works with peers to enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems.

Creates automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance.

Develops custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Building closed-loop algorithms to power scaled personalization within the digital experience.

Uses predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Works cross-functionally to gather insights which will improve marketing efforts.

Communicates results and ideas to key decision makers.

Assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Keeps up-to-date with latest technology trends and how to best leverage machine learning, neural networks and other avenues to harness the power of the organizations vast data.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Industrial-Organizational Psychology, Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field; Master's Degree preferred

5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models

Familiar with the following software/tools: Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.

Experience in a retail setting a plus

Strong Microsoft Office skills

Certificate in business analytics, data mining, or statistical analysis preferred

Preferred Qualification

2+ years hypothesis testing experience; 2+ experience with testing toolset such as APT
