Job #: 997501 Position- Data Scientist Location- Chicago, IL Direct Hire; Permanent position SUMMARY: The Data Scientist is responsible for both solution development as well as data/use case exploration. They will work closely with the business to understand business operations and the data supporting these operations. The Data Scientist is responsible for identifying data sources (both internal and external) and will work closely with data engineers to create the data-flow needed to support analytic solutions. The Data Scientist is responsible for exploring and understanding advances in various advanced analytics (machine learning, statistical learning, deep learning, operations research, etc.) techniques. They will help to innovate the information delivery processes for the Company from Descriptive Analytics through Prescriptive Analytics. The Data Scientist will follow an iterative development process to either “fail fast” or to provide value to the business as quickly as possible. The Data Scientist will be responsible for development and ongoing support of their solutions. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Practical experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, Power BI, and D3.js. Expertise in writing clean and efficient R and/or Python code for data cleansing and modeling (experience in other programming languages as well preferred). Ability and passion to learn any new tool/language/algorithm on the fly Great communication and presentation skills. Deep understanding of RDMS and SQL, and meaningful exposure to cloud solutions. Experience with Microsoft Azure cloud solutions preferred. Passion for creating business value through data science. Experience with writing production code and model management concepts preferred. Professional Skills: Effective time management. Excellent written and oral communication. Project execution using various methodologies. Ability to mentor individuals QUALIFICATIONS Education: BS/BA in a quantitative discipline, MS preferred. PHD’s more than welcome Professional Experience: Minimum four years of experience in design, development, administration, troubleshooting of advanced analytics applications Strong technical capabilities and aptitude Strong knowledge of application development concepts and practices. Such alternatives to the above qualifications as the Company, in its discretion, may find appropriate and acceptable PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORK ENVIRONMENT/TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS Physical demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; balance, stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; talk, hear, taste and/or smell; the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Work environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is exposed to weather conditions prevalent at the time. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178-6178.
