Your role

UBS Securities LLC seeks Directors, Machine Learning Data Scientists in New York, NY to develop and plan required analytics projects in response to business needs. Work with business domain experts and application developers to identify data relevant for analysis. Collaborate with investment and sell side research analysts to tie the factors to the performance of underlying companies and present findings to research analysts and research management. Conduct statistical analysis and build time series models using linear regression, ARIMA, DLM, VAR, and VECM. Responsible for creating and implementing AI, machine learning and deep learning algorithms to solve business problems. Design project specific custom model architectures, preprocessing and postprocessing pipelines and training and evaluation procedures. Deploy machine learning and deep learning models from prototype stage to production ready, highly scalable applications capable of real-time and batch inference. Mentor junior colleagues in projects relating to artificial intelligence, natural language processing and time series analysis. Develop client interest models and recommendation engines using machine learning and state-of-the-art methods in industry and integrate models into production systems. Develop models to derive information from text using natural language processing like parts of speech, named entity recognition, constituency parsing, and dependency parsing. Automatically summarize text, classify text, extract sentiment and infer latent topics from text data to predict company performance. Build generic tools to ingest, preprocess, transform and build models for large unstructured datasets in the form of text. Develop API services for text analytics services for internal firm use and external clients. Qualified Applicants apply through SH-ProfRecruitingIB@ubs.com. Please reference HB060519EW. NO CALLS PLEASE. EOE/M/F/D/V

Your team

You will be working on the Investment Banking team located in New York, NY.

Your expertise

Master's degree or foreign equivalent in Operations Research, Statistics, Machine Learning or a related field and two (2) years of experience: conducting statistical analysis to derive insights from data; building time series models for making investment forecasts; creating predictive models using statistical machine learning like logistic regression, state space models, and Kalman filters; creating and implementing models for projects in natural language processing, deep learning and topic modeling; programming using Python, R, SQL and Excel VBA; and working with databases to create custom data visualizations and transformations. One (1) year of experience must include utilizing technologies including Tensorflow, Gensim, Scikit-learn, Stats models, and ApacheSolr.

LI-DNI

EFC-DNI

Your colleagues

About us

Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world.

We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us?

Join us

We're a truly global, collaborative and friendly group of people. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance. If this sounds interesting, apply now.

Disclaimer / Policy Statements

UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.
