Are you a highly experienced Data Scientist with exceptional machine learning skills and experience supporting critical initiatives focused on improving various customer and financial metrics?

Do you thrive in an environment where you not only dive deep to find data driven insights, but craft meaningful and articulate recommendations that can be discussed and acted upon with your peers?

Do you love the idea of functioning as key member of our Data Platform team, and serving as a subject matter expert to various functional business partners?

If “yes”, then the Principal Data Scientist position here at Constant Contact may be just what you’re looking for.

What you’ll do:
Analyze customer data aimed at improving customer retention and to drive customer engagement strategies
Work with the business to develop data based inquiries, and conduct data exploration and data mining to determine drivers of retention and customer value.
Design and evaluate test and learn campaigns aimed at improving customer retention, engagement and success while optimizing business KPIs
Partner closely with business stakeholders to ensure insights are leading to action and measuring the business impact
Who you are:
MS or PhD degree in Data Science
Demonstrated expertise with machine learning methods is a must - optimization, metrics, vision-based models
Extensive experience with multiple Big Data platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, AWS and Google Cloud
Proven experience developing data visualizations to enable data exploration, illustrate an insight or tell a story
Experience with Python, Scala and/or R
Practical knowledge applying analytical techniques such as survival and failure analysis, regression, decision trees, segmentation, clustering, and other techniques to describe patterns and make predictions with real-world data
Understanding of sampling and testing methodology including A/B splits and multivariate testing
Strong communicator with demonstrated experience translating analytic findings to business insights and influencing business stakeholders to drive action and improved business performance
Comfortable interacting with senior leadership
*This position will be remote to start, onsite in Waltham in the future
Why you’ll love us:
It’s all onsite. We have dry cleaning, a barber shop, a full service cafeteria, and even Boston Sports Clubs (at a discounted rate for our fitness fanatics!)
Abundant fun. Golf Club, kickball and softball leagues, Mario Kart and bubble hockey tournaments, three wheeler races, and Friday beer cart - there’s a way for everyone to let loose
Local pride. We’re wicked proud, which means when any of our teams - Bruins, Patriots, Red Sox, Celtics, and Revolution - kick off their season, you can bet there’s going to be a party to cheer them on. Go ahead and wear your jersey to work
Dine al fresco. Our gorgeous patios make for rejuvenating lunch and coffee breaks
It’s super easy to get here. We offer a subsidized shuttle from the Alewife T stop if you prefer public transportation, and we have plenty of free onsite parking, too
We’ve got you covered. From 401k, generous PTO, tuition reimbursement, casual dress code and excellent medical, dental, and vision - we’re there for you!
REQ ID 4281
