Role: Data Scientist Location: Franklin MA Contract Duration: 3 months (Possible Extension) Description: This position will be part of the Education Services Team who manages all the data for Education Services. Primary Purpose: Act as a point of contact for various types of data requests across various business units within Dell Technologies Education Services. These requests will consist of the following. Requests for data visualization within Tableau, requests for data management activities in various environments to include both Teradata, and Greenplum BDL and requests for data governance activities that include validation of dashboards and various levels of documentation. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time. • Engage with various business units, intaking requests, and properly scoping solutions around data. • Collaborate with Data Managers and Data Analysts on solutions provided to the various business units. • Create successful business intelligence and data analytics services that demonstrate a clear value add to the users interfacing with them. • Build and maintain data and data analytics environments, including the support of data lakes, dashboard, and data reporting/query tools. Job Requirements The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. • Bachelor Degree or in-lieu of degree equivalent education, training and work-related experience. • Proven ability to explore organizational data, leveraging business SMEs to understand required business logic. • Intermediate ability to code optimized queries in Postgres SQL across a Greenplum environment. • Intermediate experience with Tableau or other similar reporting solutions. • Experience working in a data warehousing environment. • Highly developed oral and written communication and presentation skills. Desired Skills: • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. • Experience working with a Learning Management System. • Advanced knowledge of Data Analytics. • Experience in developing and applying one or more of the following to solve real-world problems, namely, predictive modeling, signal processing, image analysis, visualization, natural language processing, neural-network or other machine learning techniques. • Familiarity with applications for data processing, predictive modeling, natural language processing, image processing, visualization, and machine learning algorithm development (R, Python, sci-kit learn, Keras, TensorFlow, Pytorch, nltk). • Understanding of data warehousing concepts. Must Haves: 8+ years’ experience, SQL and Tableau, a self-starter, ability to communicate effectively with others. Hours: 8am-5pm.
