Introduction

At IBM we have an amazing opportunity to transform the world with cognitive technology. By using the vast amounts of information available today to identify new patterns and make new discoveries, we are helping cities become smarter, hospitals transform patient care, financial institutions minimize risk, and pharmaceuticals find cures for rare diseases.

Data scientists work with enterprise leaders and key decision makers to solve business problems by preparing, analyzing, and understanding data to deliver insight, predict emerging trends, and provide recommendations to optimize results. Data scientists use a variety of data (structured, unstructured, IoT streaming), analytics, AI tools, and programming languages often using a cloud infrastructure to handle the volume and veracity of data streams.

Armed with data, modeling expertise, and analytic results, the data scientist communicates conclusions and recommendations to stakeholders in an organization's leadership structure. Business acumen is an important skill for data scientists to effectively communicate their findings to business leaders, data scientists need strong consulting, communication, visualization, and storytelling skills.

Your Role and Responsibilities

START AND END DATES FOR THIS INTERNSHIP ARE DURING SUMMER 2020 (3 months)

Data Scientists are in demand across IBM's growth areas. If hired, you will be matched to a team based on business demand, location and fit. Join the forward-thinking teams at IBM solving some of the world’s most complex problems – there is no better place to grow your career!

The work you may do:

Implement and validate predictive models; create and maintain statistical models with a focus on big data.

Communicate with internal and external clients to understand business needs and provide analytical solutions.

Use statistical concepts such as regression, time series, mixed model, Bayesian methods, clustering, etc. to analyze data and provide insights.

Work in an Agile, collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists, engineers, and database administrators of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of predicting behaviors.

Data analytics including identifying, retrieving, manipulating, relating and exploiting multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources including building or generating new data sets.

Identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources including building or generating new data sets as appropriate.

Create and present materials on data projects, data science architecture and analytics strategies.

Who you are:

You can debug, troubleshoot, design and implement solutions to complex technical issues.

You have a knack for analytics and solving problems using data.

You have a strong understanding of programming languages extensively used in Data Science applications (e.g., R, Python, Scala, Java, etc.)

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

Must have basic knowledge of statistical concepts such as probability theory and hypothesis testing.

Must have experience coding in R and/or Python.

Must have experience developing deep learning models using various libraries such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc.

Must be enrolled or accepted into an accredited bachelor or post-bachelor degree program.

Previous IBM Internship or Co-op

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

Advanced knowledge of statistical concepts such as regression, time series, mixed model, Bayesian methods, clustering, etc., to analyze data and provide insights.

Experience collaborating on coding projects, e.g. sharing code and resolving issues through GitHub.

About Business Unit

IBM Corporate Headquarters (CHQ) team represents a variety of functions such as marketing, finance, legal, operations, HR, and more, all working together to solve some of the world's most complex problems, help our clients achieve success and build collaborative work environments for IBMers.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
