Primary Roles:

The Data Scientist will work with data analysis team members across the enterprise to accomplish the verification and validation Models and simulations. Write tools to assist in mining data from various Navy and DoD data sources. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Implement performance analysis and visualization of flight test and simulation data sets.

Desired Skills

Strong problem-solving skills. Experience working with and creating data architectures. Preferred to have experience with NAVAIR / NAVAL aviation data systems and business processes. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. Technical understanding of data science and AI concepts, uses cases, and products. Demonstrated ability to handle immediate-term projects. Demonstrated strategic ability, to shape and execute a long-term analysis plans. Demonstrated ability to collaborate on cross-functional, cross-team projects in an Agile environment. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, MATLAB, or similar etc.). Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.)

Education: BS degree Computer science, Mathematics, Data Science or Engineering

Experience: Eight (8) years experience in DoD data systems, Aviation Maintenance and DoD supply chains.

Security Clearance

Secret Clearance is Required

NSI is a privately held, small but quickly growing company with headquarters in Lexington Park, Maryland within 5 miles of the Patuxent River Naval Air Station. Established in 2004, we are now celebrating 15 years of excellence in providing quality products and services to the Department of Defense. NSI is looking for candidates for key positions to perform work as part of an exciting new opportunity providing project, engineering, and cost estimation/business analyst leads in the PAX River area. This is very exciting work having to do with rapid integration and deployment of advanced capabilities into our aviation operating forces. Our benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, Long Term Disability, Life Insurance, Short Term Disability, paid time off, paid holidays, flexible spending account, employee assistance program, tuition assistance program, 401k Plan with company match as well as a fun and enthusiastic work environment! NSI is seeking resumes for key personnel in the following labor category: Data Scientist

To Apply:

NSI offers a team-oriented work environment and a competitive compensation and employee benefits package. If you have a commitment to excellence and want to join our team of top caliber professionals, we invite you to submit your resume electronically by visiting our careers website at: http://www.n-s-i.us/views/careerOpps.cfm

Quality, Integrity, Teamwork, Success – that’s NSI! NSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status

XJ6
