Provides in-depth business knowledge and advanced technical support to one or more business areas through developed and ad hoc analysis/reporting, as well as designing and programming complex, new processes/reports, Architect Database Tables and Optimizing Database for performance, Security for access to the data warehouse. Acts as subject matter expert for department or business unit on Data Warehousing. Analyses company functions, processes, and activities to improve computer-based business applications for the most effective use of money, materials, equipment, and people. Performs application/system design and implementation. Documents development requirements. Consults with end users to test and debug applications to meet client needs. Role similar to Data Modeller or DBA.

Essential Functions:

Assists managers in developing a Database Architecture Model.

Managing Security and Performance of Data Warehousing environment and Reporting Server.

Maintaining ETL jobs and performing debugging tasks to make sure daily functionality.

Confers with area/department to analyse current operational procedures and trends and identify problems.

Conducts business analysis and recommends technical alternative solutions to management as to course of action that best meets the organization's goals.

Research, evaluate and assess the financial impact of issues identified in data/processes.

Analyses requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing business systems.

Creates multi-user, real-time, robust database solutions.

Acts as subject matter expert to provide business and technical expertise in requirements solicitation, system analysis, technical design, programming and documentation of business applications/systems.

May be responsible for monitoring and reporting to management on the status of departmental projects: Anticipates and identifies issues that could inhibit achieving the project goals and objectives, and implementing corrective actions and mitigation strategies.

Provides oversight and resolves complex issues, optimizing performance, resolving problems, and providing timely follow-up on identified issues.

Provides guidance and training to staff on process, procedures and issue resolution.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Candidate Education:

A Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience in technical data analysis, conducting system analysis meetings, developing system design documents, developing project plans with achievable milestones and deadlines, and mediating different department demands to gain approvals on system scope and design is required.

A Master's degree in a related field, i.e., Mathematics, Computer Science, etc may be considered in lieu of some of the required experience (not to exceed 2 years) preferred.

Candidate Experience:

Required 1 year of experience in data analysis, reporting, advanced analytics, statistics, or machine learning

Preferred 1 year of experience in healthcare

Candidate Skills:

Intermediate Demonstrated interpersonal/verbal communication skills

Intermediate Demonstrated written communication skills

Intermediate Ability to work as part of a team

Intermediate Ability to work in a fast paced environment with changing priorities

Intermediate Other Familiarity with Big Data technologies

Intermediate Other Passion and ability to surface insights from large data sets and build a data-driven narrative

Intermediate Other Experience working with large volumes of data using variety of statistical tools and techniques

Intermediate Other Ability to understand complex business problems and break down analytics projects into a structured approach

Intermediate Other Knowledge of data sources, tools, statistical principles and methodologies, and techniques

Licenses and Certifications:

Microsoft BI Full-Stack Certification

Tableau Certification

Technical Skills:

Microsoft Access is required.

Microsoft Excel is required.

Erwin Modeller or Embarcadero or any Database Modelling Tool is required.

Microsoft PowerPoint is required.

SQL Server System is required.

SSIS/SSRS/SSAS is required.

Oracle 10 is preferred.

MySQL is preferred.

Tableau is Preferred.

Statistical Analysis Systems (SAS) is preferred

Visual Basics .Net is preferred

Informatica is preferred
