WELL is a fully integrated patient communication platform that enables enterprise health systems, private practices, and vendors to communicate with patients securely across any channel, including text messaging, email, telephone, and live-chat.

With WELL, patients receive all of their healthcare communication from one trusted source — their provider. The platform empowers service representatives to seamlessly converse with patients in real time, ensuring patients feel heard while driving staff efficiency and increased revenue.

Founded in 2015, WELL is based in Santa Barbara, California and was recently rated the category leader for Patient Engagement Software by G2 Crowd. WELL serves many of the country's leading health systems and powers best-in-class experiences for more than 7,000 healthcare professionals and 5 million patients nationwide.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Translates business needs into established measures of success. Delves deeply into a varying array of large data sources, both internal and external, determining the appropriate data for the analysis to be performed, discovering issues, identifying potential uses, and preparing for analysis.

Collaborating with leaders from customer success, engineering, and customer teams to identify problems we can help solve, develop and monitor success metrics, and discover opportunities for data-driven automation.

Independently gathers requirements from appropriate business partners for project, including necessary data for analysis to be performed. Develops project plans, executes on deliverables within agreed upon timeframes, manages deadlines, communicates progress and makes recommendations to address issues.

Ascertains and executes plans to build, implement and maintain data pipelines and predictive models using available tools and programming languages. Monitors and provides feedback on model performance and recalibrates model as necessary.

Communicates results and subsequent implications to peers and business partners, summarizing analysis findings, in order to build a business case.

Participate in product ideation sessions, roadmap reviews and customer calls as needed

REQUIREMENTS

Strong quantitative and analytical skills with an advanced degree in a STEM discipline (MS/PhD)

Solid understanding of statistical modeling / predictive analysis/ machine learning / recommender system concepts

Working experience as a data scientist, machine learning engineer or research scientist is preferred but not required

Ability to make appropriate judgement on priorities

Ability to optimize a project's codebase for working with large datasets coming from various sources (files such as CSVs and JSONs; databases such as SQL, SAS, and Mongo).

Highly self-motivated for achieving the optimized solution with given data

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis results in a clear, precise, and actionable manner using a variety of presentation tools including Excel, PowerPoint, etc.

Ability to work collaboratively and independently

Foundational understanding of statistics and machine learning (theory, application, and evaluation), from simple regressions to neural networks and beyond, with an understanding of when to use which approach(es).

Proven ability to design machine learning projects from scratch, deciding what language(s) to use, how data will flow through the system, which algorithms to use, and how to evaluate performance.

Experience successfully using data visualization to communicate with non-technical teams, as well as to uncover insights in training data that will allow you to build a better ML model.

BENEFITS

Full Health Benefits (Medical/Dental/Vision)

Generous equity package

Unlimited Vacation / PTO

Located in the heart of downtown Santa Barbara

Monthly commuter stipend

Fantastic company culture

Frequent happy hours and events

Stocked kitchen

Ergonomic desk setup

Dog friendly office
