From its brilliant but modest start, Vistaprint has grown into an e-commerce powerhouse. Employing over 5000 globally, we have achieved an impressive growth rate and continue to strive for the highest. Through a revolutionary business model supported by patented and proprietary technologies, Vistaprint does what no one else can. We deliver high-quality printed products in low volumes for a great price. Our core business is providing online services and solutions, such as email marketing, websites and postcard marketing and our products range from business cards to brochures, banners & signs, photo books and beyond.

Vistaprint’s SEO team strives to grow organic traffic in innovative and sustainable ways. If you’re a data enthusiast thinker who is interested in sharing your passion with other people and becoming an expert in SEO you will love your role here. Our team works collaboratively to solve problems while encouraging its members to take ownership and dive deep. We engage with colleagues all over the organization and have dedicated developer support. The Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for the implementation of SEO Technical & Analytical reports that will serve SEO teams and other Stakeholders to measure SEO performance of Vistaprint domains. This person will also support the Organic Search Team in the execution of technical SEO tactics.

You will be responsible for the execution of our ambitious data analysis program for SEO across several locales:

Help build and improve SEO and cross functional processes for Data Analysis

Exploit KPI of the log analysis tool we are using (OnCrawl) to provide specific reports for stakeholders

Leading web analytics initiatives within the SEO global team

Monitoring KPIs and generating core insights from data to suggest actions driving fundamental improvements to the program

Reporting on progress and contribute to forecasting efforts

Staying on top of the industry and permanently look for new opportunities

Experience & Requirements:

3+ years of experience within in-house Marketing team and / or search marketing agency

Advanced user of Microsoft Office suite with very strong Excel skills; Experience with Big Data technologies (e.g. Hadoop/Hive) is a plus

Experience with Python is a solid asset

Experience with clickstream analysis tools (Adobe Analytics preferred)

Self-Starter with the ability to quickly learn, influence others and drive change

Ability to respond to shifting priorities quickly and effectively when necessary

Experience with ecommerce websites and platforms

We offer a competitive compensation and full relocation package. If you feel you have the skills, experience and desire to be part of our growth, please apply.

Vistaprint, a Cimpress company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national or ethnic origin, nationality, age, religion, citizenship, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender presentation, legal or preferred name, marital status, pregnancy, family structure, veteran status or any other basis protected by human rights laws or regulations. This list is not exhaustive and, in fact, in many cases, we strive to do more than the law requires.

#LI-PC1
