What's the role?

The Team-

Ever checked in somewhere on social media? Ever tracked your online orders? You might be using HERE Technologies every single day without even realizing it. You can find us everywhere: in vehicles, smartphones, drones or third-party apps. We believe that with the right people, we will continue to be a game-changer in the technology industry and improve the daily lives of people around the world. Find out more by clicking the video below or going HERE.

Come join the HERE’s Location & Services Places Ingestion Pipeline team, responsible for identifying Points Of Interest (Places) by processing large volumes of raw data from a variety of sources using Machine Learning and Heuristics Models to improve the content coverage, accuracy, and freshness. Our collaborative environment offers a good work-life balance. You will be part of an energetic and dedicated team that works on challenging tasks in distributed processing of large data & streaming technologies which runs on Java/Spark/Scala/AWS. In addition to the technical challenges this position offers, you will have every opportunity to expand your career both technically and personally in this role.

The Role-

Help design and build the next iteration of process automation in HERE Places -Location & Services.

Design, prototype, build, test and deploy models for statistical/predictive modeling techniques, advanced data analysis and complex algorithms to improve a wide variety of both internal data-driven processes.

Develop and evaluate machine learning models using large datasets and scaling up successful prototypes and implementing a reliable automated production workflow for the model.

Develop the scalable microservices that hosts the algorithms in both on-premise and cloud environments.

Act as an expert in areas of data mining, machine learning, statistics, and predictive analysis and modeling.

Who are you?

You are collaborative and enjoy working in a dynamic workplace with leading edge technologies. To be successful you'll need much of the below:

Masters in a discipline such as Computer Science and/or related field with an emphasis or thesis work on one or more of the following: data mining, machine learning, computational statistics/science/engineering and optimization.

5+ years related professional experience.

Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.

Programming experience with Python,Java, Scala, Spark, SQL, shell script etc.

Experience with common machine learning techniques such as preprocessing data, training, evaluation of classification and regression models, and statistical evaluation of experimental data and building,

Knowledge of professional software engineering standard methodologies for the full software creation process, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.

Familiarity with agile software development methodology and scrum ceremonies.

What do we offer?

An opportunity to work with exceptional people

Challenging problems to solve

Work that makes a difference in the world

Freedom to decide how to perform your work

Variety in the types of projects and problems you will tackle

Feedback so you will know how well you are doing

Collaborative, Supportive Colleagues

Make HERE your destination, we are just getting started. Apply today.

Equal Opportunity Employer: Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Religion/National Origin/Disability/Vets.

#LI-BL1

Who are we?

Ever checked in somewhere on social media? Ever tracked your online orders? You might be using HERE Technologies every single day without even realizing it. You can find us everywhere: in vehicles, smartphones, drones or third-party apps. We believe that with the right people, we will continue to be a game-changer in the technology industry and improve the daily lives of people around the world. Find out more by clicking the video below or going HERE.
