W2 Only

No Recruiters or Agencies please

6+ month contract

$50.00+ hr depending on experience

US Citizens/Residents Only please

Must have Cloud Infrastructure and PM background

Job Description:

As a Cloud Business Analyst in the Engineering Cloud Operations organization within the Cloud Data Services Business Unit, you'll be an integral part of our overall cloud efforts, partnering with our Product Mgmt., Architecture, Software development and Service Delivery teams. You will serve as a Subject Matter Expert in the Cloud services billing and analytics space.

You will collect, monitor, analyze and reconcile invoice data, assist with forecasting, demand planning, and make recommendations on cost optimization strategies such as reserved and spot instances, etc. Your role will be to provide relevant, accurate and timely reporting to internal partners and leadership.

In your role, you will help define and create new business processes as the organization continues its efforts in the Cloud. Duties and tasks are varied and complex and require the ability to work effectively both independently and as a team. This is a role where the ideal candidate will support their team members when highly critical needs arise. The ideal candidate will have several years of analysis/project management/business support or related experience with a focus on the cloud preferred.

Job Requirements:

Ability to collect, organize and analyze Cloud billing and resource data, and to display and present the data using MS Excel and database query tools.

Comfortable preparing and presenting reports various parts of the business from technical team member to senior leaders in person, in writing and online across various time zones.

Experience leveraging resource tagging to allocate costs and optimize resource planning and reporting desired.

Ability to proactively follow up with users and leaders on Cloud consumption

Ability to be flexible while driving towards timelines. The candidate in this role must be self-motivated and drive to short term and long-term deadlines, removing blockers and understanding when escalation is needed to avoid impact to delivery.

This role is looking for someone that knows how to identify and mitigate risks prior to an impact on the business objective/goal.

Recognizes opportunities and changes to improve process or services, writing up new process's, socializing to gain business buy-in and driving execution.

Own the completion of documentation on all things Cloud billing and related, building up a comprehensive set of source collateral to disseminate information to the broader team.

An ability to explain key billing and cloud concepts to multiple stakeholders.

Attention to detail is critical.

Experience with scripting languages a plus

Job Qualifications

5 years experience in an analysis or project management role

Previous experience with Cloud Infrastructure required

Strong MS Excel skills (light database programming a plus)

Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to adapt your style and language depending on the audience

Ability to succeed through collaboration and working through internal and external organizations and individuals

Comfortable with quickly changing priorities and tasks

MetroSys is an equal opportunity employer. MetroSys does not discriminate in employment on account of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, age, sex (including sexual harassment), sexual orientation, marital status, physical or mental disability, military status or unfavorable discharge from military service.

nADEMBdhEy
