Viaduct is hiring a Data Scientist for a Direct Hire opportunity with an exciting data science company in the Allentown, PA area. The candidate will be responsible for numerical, stochastic, and optimization model design, implementation, and testing within a team-oriented environment.  The candidate will work in an agile development environment under the direction of a lead data scientist.  The candidate will also work with a team of software engineers and computer scientists to codify and implement their models within an enterprise software product. 
  
Essential Responsibilities: 
Identifying and gathering relevant data from systems and personnel at various departments within client organizations. 
Creatively analyzing data and developing models and numerical approaches to solving problems. 
Using mathematical programming and stochastic modeling techniques to develop and test hypotheses 
Prototyping and demonstrating solutions in analytical software such as Matlab, Octave, Microsoft Excel, R, Minitab, or Gurobi 
Identifying innovative and pragmatic solutions to clients’ operational challenges. 
Compiling reports on findings and making presentations to clients, often requiring clear and persuasive explanation of complex processes to a non-technical audience. 


Required Skills / Qualifications: 
Bachelor's Degree in Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or Numerical Analysis 
Minimum 4 years experience in numerical analysis software such as Matlab, R, Octave, Gurobi, Minitab, CPLEX 
Minimum 4 years experience in stochastic modeling and mathematical programming 

Preferred Skills / Qualifications: 
Experience with SQL and relational database design and implementation 
Proficiency in database query operations (e.g., SQL, R-dplyr) 
Proficiency in software development (e.g., R, Python, Agile DevOps environment) 
Familiarity with the Java programming language 
PHD or MD Preferred 




 Go Beyond. .
EEO Employer - Minorities / Females / Disabled / Veterans / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity. 


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Allentown, PA 18101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         450655
