Job Description

Description

SAIC is seeking a Chief Data Scientist to join our team. The ideal candidate will:

Independently performs complex data analytics tasks involving the application of advanced data mining principles, practices, and techniques which require knowledge of customer data domain.

Analyzes, evaluates, and integrates data mining solutions to complex and diverse problem set

Integration with data analytics platforms such as Apache Spark, Apache Hadoop is needed.

Practices the application of optimum data mining techniques in accordance with customer specifications, quality standards, schedule, and funding guidelines.

Delivers technical presentations to senior management and customers.

Combine the data result sets across multiple sources.

Design and implement new analytics & dashboards.

Provide support for proposal response, prototype development and demonstrations as required.

Works in cross-functional teams with data at all stages of the analysis lifecycle to derive actionable insight.

Translates mission needs into an end-to-end analytical approach to achieve results.

Performs the pre-analytics areas of data collection and understanding, data cleansing and integration, and data storage and retrieval.

Determines the appropriate analytics based on the data and the desired outcomes, using techniques including feature detection, statistics, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, natural language processing, and business intelligence. Interprets the validity of results and communicates the meaning of those results.

 Has familiarity with data wrangling, analytics, and visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data.

Follows a scientific approach to generate value from data, verifying results at each step. Exhibits an exceptional degree of ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness.

Qualifications

Bachelors and 18 years or more experience; Masters and sixteen (16) years or more experience; PhD or JD and fifteen years or more experience.

Experience with visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data.

Experience with working in interdisciplinary teams.

 Excellent writing skills and ability to communicate effectively.

Ability to develop briefing materials, administrative, and logistics support

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
