We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

In this role you will work with stakeholders to identify opportunities to leverage data to drive business solutions. You will mine and analyze data to drive optimization and improvement of marketing techniques and business strategies. The ideal candidate will be able to roll up their sleeves and work alongside the PrizeLogic team to build and test proposed solutions. You will need the ability to learn new tools on the fly and be adaptable to changing requirements.

What you'll do:

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques

Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to data sets

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy

Create automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance

What you'll need:

At least 3 years of experience in data science, covering demonstrable experience with predictive modeling, exploratory data analysis, probabilistic modeling, and productionizing solutions

Strong foundational knowledge in statistical inference, numerical linear algebra, numerical optimization

An analytical mind and solid business acumen

Great communication skills

Strong math skills

Knowledge of data science technical stacks

Experience using business intelligence tools and data frameworks

Understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms is a plus
