Outside IL applicants: Must be willing to relocate at your own expense
**Remote applicants will not be considered
***No calls and/or no recruiters, please

****We aren't supporting visa sponsorships at this time****

Schaumburg IL

Montway Auto Transport is one of the leaders in the US Auto Transport industry ranked among the top 500 fastest-growing companies by Inc. 500 Magazine in 2015. Over the past 3 years, the growth of the business is by more than 100%. We ship cars and we believe that great Customer Service and Support is what makes us good at what we do! Other features include Inc. 5000 for 2016 and Crains Fast 50 for 2017.

We have arranged the shipping of more than half a million vehicles by now and we plan to keep on doing this the way only we can do it! We have one of the highest NPSs scores in our industry and we insist on clean and clear relationships with our customers in order to keep that score and keep having all the positive reviews we get every day!
We value our people
We expand career paths
We like to have fun
We ensure recognition
We are currently looking to expand our team with a Business Intelligence Analyst that has a strong passion for data mining, data visualization and business analytics.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders (management, decision makers, external service providers) throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions through preparation of the necessary reporting
Ensure the reliability, verifiability and usefulness of data
Build and use (predictive) models using various methods for the implementation of new reporting and other initiatives
Define and drive business improvement projects based on the collected data
Liaise with business heads and other management on reporting optimizations and process improvement initiatives
Consult management of data and analyzes associated with business goals, KPIs and benchmarks
Validate, manipulate, and perform exploratory data analysis on datasets
Review, refine and document business requirements and processes
Drive efficiency by designing and delivering tool enhancement and automation
Analyze and test new data sources for availability and quality, and integrate with internal sources
Share knowledge and expertise with other team members to enable continued team skills development
Requirements:
Strong problem-solving skills
At least 2 years of experience in a technically- or business-oriented role in Business intelligence or similar
Experience with SQL, Data Processing / Data Analysis / Data Mining / Data Manipulation / Data Extraction
Experience working with big SQL databases and large samples of data
Advanced Microsoft Excel Skills Macros / Automation
Ability to translate business needs into usable visualization of data interpretation
Strong PowerPoint and presentation skills
Strong project management and organization skills
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Tableau/Periscope Experience is considered an advantage
Experience creating and using machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc., will be considered an advantage
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL., will be considered an advantage
We would love to offer you:
Working in a developed company
Attractive salary
Personal development
Team of professionals
Excellent benefit package
Seminars and events
Great location
Magnificent coffee machine
Teambuilding events
Mission: At Montway, our mission is to deliver a 5-star vehicle-shipping experience by blending innovative logistics solutions with our teams commitment to service excellence that delights.

Vision: Our ultimate goal is for Montway to become the standard by which all vehicle-shipping is measured, servicing the widest range of individual clients, corporations of any size and business partners within the United States and be recognized as the company that made transporting a vehicle as simple as pizza delivery.

Values: Strive for leadership is at the heart of our company we are not afraid to take bold moves, in order to improve processes and communication.

Acting with integrity ensures that genuine sense of mutual trust, honesty and openness when interacting with a Montway team member.

We remain technologically inclined, firmly convinced that Montways customers and partners deserve to leverage the power of the latest and the brightest tools.

Are you up for a challenge?

Please apply through the button below, or drop us a line with your resume, and we'll be in touch shortly.

Outside IL applicants: Must be willing to relocate at your own expense
**Remote applicants will not be considered
***No calls and/or no recruiters, please

Powered by JazzHR
