bioMérieux Inc.

Sr Data Scientist

SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST – SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT


Description:



bioMerieux’s Data Science group is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to help develop solutions for the next generation product concepts that will have a direct impact on the future of medical diagnostics.


The position involves all aspects of feasibility and design work focused on the application of mathematical techniques, data analytics, experiment design, algorithm design and statistical analysis to drive concepts from ideation through feasibility and into development. Algorithm design will involve statistical and machine learning methodologies from design to optimization. Additionally the Data Scientist will be required to support currently launched products, including manufacturing process development, quality analytics, product evolution and change requests


The position will include collaboration and interaction with other scientists and engineers while prototyping, integrating and testing the technology for the next generation of diagnostic products for hospitals and laboratories. Coordination as a project team member with marketing, project management, quality analytics, manufacturing, regulatory and other functional areas will be required.


The Data Scientist is expected to prototype and design to the goals of functionality and operational utility while considering long term architecture, solution universality, practicality, connectivity, and schedule commitments. The position requires the ability to perform critical analysis, work well in teams, and self-manage.


Key Qualifications:
Candidate must be well grounded in fundamentals of applied mathematics, data analytics, statistics.
Performance of statistical analysis to interpret experimental results.
Design experimental methods and plans to generate results that drive critical product design selections
Experience with machine learning.
Implementation of algorithms using global software development tools, methodologies and processes.
Understanding and willingness to self-learn the technologies used in this domain to be up-to-date with the latest developments in data analytics, imaging and machine learning both in academia and in industry.
Aware and experience with the challenges associated with the transition of a prototype into a final product.
Experience with MATLAB, SAS, Python, etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to interact well within a team.
Proficient analytical, problem-solving and debugging skills.
Must be able to perform in a small team environment with minimal supervision.
Enjoy working in areas outside of usual comfort zone and love to learn new technologies.
Ability to perform in a ISO/ FDA regulated environment.
Familiarity with or interest in biology, microbiology and biochemistry
Knowledge and Skills Required for the Position:
M.S. or Ph.D. in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Biomedical, Electrical or Computer Engineering or Computer Science Desired: 3+ years of experience in the development of medical devices, medical diagnostics or other sensor based systems.
Proficient use of Development environments, MS Office Project, Excel, Word; Required.
Proficiency in Matlab, Python or equivalent programming experience. Code samples to be provided upon request; Required
bioMérieux is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. M/F/Vet/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/GINA
