Job Description
We are looking to expand our Data Science team and looking for individuals with a passion for Data! You will collect, clean and interpret data to meet the company's overall purpose of changing how we buy and sell homes!

Position Summary

The Data Scientist uses real estate industry consumer data, statistical and financial concepts, and open source tools to uncover trends, stories and business insights. The role will be responsible to drive data-informed decisions for the business and guide our product direction with analytical insights. Day to day, the role will understand business impact, product decisions; use a combination of statistical modeling and business intuition to uncover insights from our data and build processes to generate robust metrics for teams to track to.

Essential Functions
Use consumer data, statistical and financial concepts, and open source tools to uncover trends, stories and business insights.
Dive deep into Offerpad’s internal and third-party data (SQL Server, Databricks, Power BI, Google Analytics, R) to solve complex, analytical problems.
Have a deep understanding of Machine Learning models and help create performance reporting around those models.
Partner with Finance/Marketing/Product teams to find opportunities and suggest data driven solutions.
Craft statistical/ machine learning models to gain insights from data and communicate results to partners.
Tell stories that describe analytical results and insights in meetings of all sizes with diverse audiences.
Performing ad-hoc analysis using SQL/R and presenting results in a clear manner.
Provide thought leadership across a variety of technical and non-technical audiences to ensure that all levels of the company make decisions with an analytical foundation.
Identify, research, and analyze new data sources to improve model accuracy.
Contributes to market share growth and profitability by recommending changes to products, pricing, risk management.
Become a domain expert in real-estate and Offerpad products & services.
Performs all functions according to established policies, procedures, regulatory and accreditation requirements, as well as applicable professional standards. Provides all internal/external customers of Offerpad with an excellent service experience.

Note: The essential functions are intended to describe the general content of and requirements of this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive statement of duties. Specific tasks or responsibilities will be documented as outlined by the incumbent's immediate manager.

Scope and Complexity
Interacts with all levels of leadership and employees, often relaying sensitive and/or confidential information.

Physical Demands/Environment Factors (Examples Listed)
Requires extensive sitting with periodic standing and walking.
May be required to lift up to 20 pounds.
Requires significant use of personal computer, phone and general office equipment.
Needs adequate visual acuity, ability to grasp and handle objects.
Needs ability to communicate effectively through reading, writing, and speaking in person or on telephone.
May require off-site travel; possible out-of-state travel
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree with 5 years of work experience, involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving.
Deep understanding of statistics (e.g. Hypothesis testing, Regression trees etc.)
Have complete command of SQL, and either Python or R, along with some experience with visualization software like Power BI or libraries in R.
Have extensive experience directly querying multi-terabyte-sized data sets (with Azure Data Warehouse) including clickstream data (like Google Analytics) and raw data from non-standard platforms.
Have practice with terminology, and measurement issues related to experimentation, along with a history of applying advanced analytical approaches to derive insights from the data.
Have a strong written, verbal, and visual communication skills to concisely communicate in a way that provides context, offers insights, and minimizes misinterpretation.
Self-motivated to stay on top of new tools, technologies and concepts
Truth seeking, dispassionate in analysis of data, and able to follow the story and conclusion to where the evidence leads
Must be able to work on multiple projects concurrently, have a bias towards driving actions and results, and maintain a healthy balance between aggressive delivery and analytical rigor
Preferred Qualifications
A Master's degree or higher in a quantitative field (e.g. science, engineering, economics, finance, statistics, or similar) and have 2 years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving.
Previous real estate experience a plus
