Do you have a head for numbers? Like turning real-world problems into mathematical representations and checking to see if you did it right? If you like that, youll love developing algorithms with us! Our customers have some of the most interesting needs and hardest challenges to resolve. Our solutions require integrated models based on large and varied datasets, feeding analytic applications so that we can extract patterns and behaviors obscured within the data to augment the capabilities of human operators. We need both experienced and aspiring data scientists to work on all stages of the data science pipeline, to include applying existing machine learning software across large hyper-parameter trade spaces, developing new machine learning algorithms and evaluating the best the commercial AI/ML industry has to offer to our problem set.

Why Maxar?
We build advanced algorithms to gain analytic insights from a large range of open source and government data.
We enable machine learning systems, automate workflow, and design and develop custom applications for unique national-security mission.
We operate an end-to-end predictive analytic platform unlike any other within the US Government.
We provide training to expand your skills and challenges to develop them.
Our clients missions are vital to national security, so were mission-first always.
Our work environment is relaxed business casual.
At our core we believe and practice social responsibility.
What would you be doing?
Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open source data analytics libraries.
Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer data analytic results.
Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities.
Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements.
Applying data science methods to create and optimize convolutional neural networks that will perform classification, localization and segmentation of various modalities of remotely-sensed imagery.

Minimum Qualifications:
Must be a US citizen with a current/active TS/SCI and be willing and able to obtain a CI Polygraph.
B.S. in Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Science or related field.
8 years of professional experience as a Data Scientist.
Experience with at least one of these languages: R, VBA, Java, C++, SQL, Python.

Desired Qualifications:
Graduate experience working with probabilistic and stochastic statistical analysis or computational intelligence.
Experience conducting model feasibility research and algorithm development for machine learning.
Experience with distributed datasets and experience analyzing both relational and NoSQL data structures.
Experience working in an Agile environment, especially SAFe.
Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer specific data analytics results.
Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities.
Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements.
Experience implementing algorithms related to machine learning.
Knowledge of technical aspects of ISR systems.
Experience conducting model feasibility research and algorithm development for machine learning.
Experience developing and testing models.
Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open-source data analytics libraries.
Experience with Data Analytics.
Exceptional oral and written communications.
Organizational skills and excellent attention to detail.
Development experience in a Linux/Unix/Windows environment.
Capability to work effectively in a geographically distributed development team.
Basic systems administration and installation.
Build-test-deploy frameworks (Jenkins, GoCD, etc.).
Containerization platforms (Docker, OpenShift, CloudFoundry, etc.).
Occasional local travel to government sites for customer meetings and demonstrations.

#cjpost
