We have an opportunity to join the Alliance as the Analytics Manager - Data Mart leading in the Analytics Services Department.

WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR


Reporting to the Analytics Director, you will manage and lead the analytical data management function, including the gathering and assessment of business information needs for enterprise analytics and preparation of system requirements in order to create a single source of truth. Manage and lead the business information solution based Key Performance Indicator (KPI) dashboard reporting, customization, training and related integration with the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW). You will also manage, supervise, mentor and train assigned staff.

ABOUT THE TEAM

Our Analytics teams are skilled, focused, and highly collaborative. We work hard, have fun and take pride in how our work impacts the health outcomes for the communities we serve.

THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL HAVE
Passion and drive to roll up their sleeves and be a hands on manager
Expertise and passion in the design, maintenance and evaluation of comprehensive analytical data marts
Strength in developing data management plans, data dictionaries
Experience and excitement for developing new teams and processes
Strong communication skills and the ability to partner with cross-functional teams
Ability to lead and inspire others, while promoting an environment that supports professional growth, embraces complex challenges and celebrates accomplishments
WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

To read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.

Knowledge of:
Data warehouse and analytical data mart concepts
SQL
Tools and techniques of data analysis and information reporting
Thorough knowledge of information repository issues and concepts
Joint Application Design (JAD) facilitation or other requirements-gathering techniques
Relational database concepts and the creation of queries and reports using SQL and Tableau
Data elements and their relationship to data quality requirements
Ability to:
Develop work plans and workflows and organize and prioritize analytical data mart activities
Interpret and apply complex principles, policies, terms and procedures
Define issues, interpret data, identify solutions, and make recommendations for action
Independently document, summarize and resolve complex issues and projects
Train, mentor, supervise, and evaluate the work of staff
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Science or a related field and seven years of experience performing data analysis and manipulation which included some experience leading or supervising staff; or an equivalent combination of education and experience may be qualifying

OUR BENEFITS
Medical, Dental and Vision Plans
Ample Paid Time Off
11 Paid Holidays per year
401(a) Retirement Plan
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
Robust Health and Wellness Program
EV Charging Stations
And many more
ABOUT US


We are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us.

Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve over 330,000 members in Santa Cruz, Monterey and Merced counties. To learn more about us, click here or check out this video.

At this time the Alliance does not provide any type of sponsorship. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time, ongoing basis without current or future needs for sponsorship.
