About Opendoor:Are you intrigued by the thought of disrupting a trillion dollar industry through technology? At Opendoor, we're on a mission to make it simple to buy and sell homes. The traditional process is broken, with an average home taking over 90 days to sell and costing thousands of dollars. We empower everyone with the freedom to move by making buying and selling a home stress-free and instant. We've built an exceptional team, seen strong growth, served nearly 75,000 customers (with an annual run rate of $5 billion), and raised $1.3 billion in funding. With Covid-19, the world is changing, and real estate is no exception. The coming years present a tremendous opportunity for innovation as we explore new frontiers and scale nationwide.About the Role:As the staff data scientist for pricing, you will partner with Product, Engineering, and Operations to decide which homes we should acquire, how much we should pay for them, and how much we should charge sellers so that our customers have the cash they need to buy their next home and we can run a sustainable business. You will also help us discover the value of our homes so we can resell them on the market quickly and for the right price. By accurately pricing our homes, you can drive massive growth in our business and bottom line.As a Data Scientist you will:* Define metrics to understand the quality of our pricing decisions* Identify opportunities to improve our pricing models and policies* Design experiments to validate causal inferences from observational data* Prototype models to increase the accuracy of our automated and manual decisions* Develop a roadmap to improve our industry-leading home valuation and resale models* Become a domain expert in real estate and market behaviorWe're looking for teammates who have:* 5+ years of experience* Comfort writing SQL queries* Facility with Python or R* Strong written and verbal communication skills* Knowledge of causal inference and Bayesian statisticsBonus points:* You are an expert in operations research, dynamic pricing, or portfolio management* You love delighting customers with simple and low-cost products* You are committed to iteratively driving results and becoming better every day* You are obsessed with customers and making something people want* You are excited to join a radically transparent team and celebrate our successes together* You are propelled forward by working on hard data science problems* You are interested in how to make the best decisions under uncertaintyMore About UsWant to learn more about us and how we are revolutionizing the home buying and selling process? Learn more about us on our website, check out our profile on The Muse to learn more about our culture from our team members, or read our blog posts to hear about the work we are doing.We Offer the Following Benefits and Perks:* Full medical, dental, and vision with optional 70% coverage for dependents* Flexible vacation policy* Commuter Benefit stipend* Generous parental leave* Paid time off to volunteerPlease note that these benefits and perks are available only to Full Time team members and do not apply to contract roles.Opendoor values OpennessOur team celebrates our diverse backgrounds. We believe that being open about who we are and what we do allows us to be better. Individuals seeking employment at Opendoor are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or other protected status under all applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances.
