Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a broad software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Jr. Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software repository containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Candidate will also be responsible for maintaining this repository and its accessibility. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and a strong CS background is highly desired. Good communication skills with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Some experience in scientific programming
Experience programming in a high-level language such as C/C++ on Unix/Linux platforms
Experience programming in high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Familiarity with interfacing C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.
