Encouraging Diversity applicants Required Skills 2 years professional experience as software development engineer, data scientist, or machine learning engineer Proficient in Python, with solid background in data structures and algorithms Professional experience with computer vision knowledge of image classification, object detection resnet, yolo, etc., in Pytorch middot Bachelorrsquos Degree in Econometrics, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Applied Sciences, Statistics or job-related discipline or equivalent experience middot Job-related experience, 7 years, OR Masterrsquos Degree and job-related experience, 5 years, OR Doctorate Position Responsibilities middot Applies machine learning and other analytical modeling methods to develop robust and reliable analytical models, including visualizations, within software development environment. middot Gathers, cleans, transforms, andor reduces data from dissimilar sources from across organization. middot Collaborates with team members and stakeholders to effectively manage the lifecycle of a model, retraining, replacing or sunsetting models when appropriate. middot Shares and collaborates with other data scientists. middot Delivers best-in-class software as part of a software delivery team. Mandatory Skills Python AWS - Glue (ETL) AWS - redshift very strong SQL capabilities Background Experience with the data science lifecycle, including data engineering, feature engineering, model building and evaluation, model deployment. Knowledge of commonly used data science programming languages, packages, and tools, especially Python. Understanding of data sciencemachine learning models and algorithms, not limited to deep learning (CNN, RNN etc), decision trees (e.g. xgboost, random forest), unsupervised techniques (e.g. clustering, anomaly detection), natural language processing and statistical methods. Experience training models in a public cloud environment, using tools such as Jupyter, AWS Sagemaker. Ability to synthesize complex information into clear insights and translate those insights into decisions and actions. Ability to clearly communicate complex technical details and insights to colleagues and stakeholders. middot Knowledge of the mathematical and statistical fields that underpin data science middot Knowledge of systems thinking and decomposition of complex problems. Position Responsibilities middot Applies machine learning and other analytical modeling methods to develop robust and reliable analytical models, including visualizations, within software development environment. middot Gathers, cleans, transforms, andor reduces data from dissimilar sources from across organization. middot Collaborates with team members and stakeholders to effectively manage the lifecycle of a model, retraining, replacing or sunsetting models when appropriate. middot Shares and collaborates with other data scientists. middot Delivers best-in-class software as part of a software delivery team.
