Business Unit: Data Scientist Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 40 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Job Summary In this role, you will be responsible for delivering data-centric business support across the enterprise, with an emphasis on Marketing and Research use cases. You will partner and work closely with various stakeholders across the organization while embedded in a corporate-level advanced analytics team. Your work will contribute directly to the success of various Comcast entertainment and media products, including streaming services, helping to propel the company forward in the digital age. You will be integral to driving data-driven decision-making practices across the company. You will provide expertise in data/analytics, with a focus on initiatives that empower business units to extract greater value from company data assets and deliver insights derived through advanced analytics. You will embrace a business-facing focus, applying innovative approaches to solve complex challenges. This role will be based in New York City and can be worked remotely during the coronavirus timeframe. Core Responsibilities -Deliver data-driven solutions for businesses, complementing existing business teams with additional resources, perspectives, ideas and solutions. -Perform ad-hoc analyses for stakeholders using various datasets across the organization, including: KPI deep dives, marketing analytics, predictive modeling, audience clustering, and affinity analysis. -Use analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, extracting actionable insights using techniques such as data analysis, data mining, optimization tools, and machine learning. -Lead projects from planning stages through execution and delivery, collaborating with business units, agencies, and peers to ensure deliverables align with business needs. -Communicate across the enterprise with various stakeholders and work closely with teammates, both local and remote, on ongoing workstreams and projects -Distill complex data, insights, and analyses into easily digestible visualizations and presentations for various technical and non-technical audiences. -Manage and prioritize incoming requests from various enterprise stakeholders with existing and overlapping projects. -Maintain and develop tools and processes to standardize and automate recurring procedures/tasks. Required Qualifications -B.S. in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or related field -Extensive experience working with data and performing analytics -Experience with AWS -Knowledge of programming languages used for analysis (e.g. SQL, Python, R), software development experience, a plus -Experience with statistical modeling and/or advanced data science techniques -Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Domo) -Strong curiosity, leadership and business acumen - possess strong interpersonal skills with the ability to motivate, collaborate and influence -Ability to deliver on multiple projects and meet tight deadlines -Flexible and adaptable, self-driven, confident and resourceful Additional Qualifications -Background in digital, eCommerce, marketing, media or entertainment a plus -Experience with software development and automation a strong plus Employees at all levels are expected to: - Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job - Own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services - Know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences - Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas - Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers - Drive results and growth - Respect and promote inclusion and diversity - Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
