For more than 30 years, the Virginia Lottery has been building an amazing organization committed to growth and giving back ? and having fun while doing it. We work hard to build authentic relationships with all Virginians by communicating with them in relevant, unique and surprising ways. Operating entirely on revenue from game sales, rather than tax dollars, the Virginia Lottery generates approximately $1.6 million per day for Virginia's K-12 public schools. The Virginia Lottery is currently seeking a Data Scientist to join our Information Technology Services Department. The Data Scientist will provide transactional, operational and analytical data preparation in support of the Lottery's data warehouse and BI systems. The Data Scientist will enrich and optimize the Lottery's existing datasets and data infrastructure for more responsive data deliveries in addressing the growing needs of data analytics to the business. The Data Scientist will provide guidance and subject matter expertise on building predictive models, enterprise data integration, application data integration and reporting needs. This role is a key part of the analytics team and will serve as the primary support for creating models that help to assess existing programs and creating predictive models to drive strategic marketing decisions and maximize customer engagement. The Data Scientist will have experience in designing and building solutions using Azure Cloud Technologies i.e. Azure Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL, Azure Data Lake etc. The Data Scientist will design, build and integrate enterprise data platforms in the following ways: - Design and implement systems that serve the Lottery's business transactions and operational data needs - Design and implement systems that serve the Lottery's analytical, reporting and BI needs - Develop forecasts and predictive models for a variety of programs such as new products, changes to existing products, acquisition marketing campaigns and retention marketing programs - Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture on Azure platform - Develop batch processing solutions by using Data Factory or Azure Databricks - Design for real-time processing by using Stream Analytics or Azure Databrick - Implement Azure Databricks clusters, notebooks, jobs, and autoscaling - Assist with data mining and segmentation strategies for player database activities - Create statistical models and make recommendations to optimize prize structures for existing and future Lottery games The Data Scientist will enrich and optimize the Lottery's existing datasets and data infrastructure by doing the following: - Consolidate redundant data feeds and reduce data processing overlaps - Keep the capacity, performance and technology of the Lottery's critical data infrastructure up to the demand of business - Ensure the performance, stability and integrity of Lottery's database systems and BI systems to continue to meet the needs of business operations and regulatory compliance - Work closely with the Lottery's vendors to ensure the reliable supply of data from external sources - Clearly document and communicate statistical models and evaluation findings to peers and management staff - Lead projects and coordinate assignments with Lottery vendors The Data Scientist will prepare and supply big data to the Lottery's analytical needs by: - Assisting with initial data exploration steps (binning, pivoting, summarizing and finding correlations etc.) - Using statistical practices to analyze current and historical data to make predictions, identify risks, and opportunities enabling better decisions on planned/future events - Viewing and understanding other projects and functional areas in order to consolidate analytical needs and processes The Data Scientist will establish long-t

Minimum Qualifications

The person selected for this position will have: - Bachelor's Degree from an accredited 4-year college or university with major studies in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field - More than 10+ years of experience across multiple data areas of Information Technology including data science, data analysis, data modeling, data integration and IT security ? Extensive 5+ years of experience in providing data architecture solutions for on premises and cloud applications ? Knowledge of and the ability to perform basic statistical analysis such as measures of central tendency, normal distribution, variance, standard deviation, basic tests, correlation, and regression techniques ? Strong experience in cloud computing with Azure ? Ability to develop forecasts and predictive models for a variety of programs such as new products, changes to existing products, acquisition marketing campaigns and retention marketing programs ? Ability to create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture on Azure platform ? Ability to develop batch processing solutions by using Data Factory or Azure Databricks ? Ability to adapt to change ? Ability to think methodically, creatively and independently ? Ability to provide and receive constructive feedback A comparable amount of training and experience may be substituted for the minimum qualifications.

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred qualifications include: ? Proven experience in data modeling, SQL Programming and ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) package design ? Strong experience with Azure Data Lake, ETL, ELT, and Azure Data Factory ? Experience working with large volumes of data; extracting and manipulating large datasets using standard tools such as Python, Hadoop, R, SQL and SAS ? Strong In-depth knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server products including SSIS, SSRS and SSAS

Special Requirements

The selected candidate will be required to pass a background investigation.

SDL2017
