Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Scientist to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory and automate data cleansing. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by the client.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by the client.

Required Skills:

Data analysis and modeling on an independent (i.e., without significant guidance or direction) basis.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 10 years of relevant experience in a related field (International Relations, computer science, mathematics, statistics, political science etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.
