DATA SCIENTIST REMOTE working with occasional travel to Washington,DC can be considered for the right candidate. Duration Long term Position Summary Client is looking for a seasoned Data Scientist to leverage existing data to develop execute predictive models and advanced analytics to help solve complex business problems. The data scientist will use advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional data sets to enable analytical solutions. This person will also apply predictive analytics, machine learning, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and optimize business functions. MUST HAVE SKILLS 3 + years with lsquoRrsquo Depth of knowledge in statistics Hands-on experience building a range of predictive models using artificial intelligence and machine learning. Responsibilities Utilize advanced statistical techniques to create high performing predictive models and creative analyses to address business objectives and client needs. Tests new statistical analysis methods, software and data sources for continual improvement of quantitative solutions. Work with Business SMEs to create models which predict the outcome of key business processes Lead and contribute to data analysis and modeling projects from project or prototype design Gathering and analyzing data, identifying key predictionclassification problems, devising solutions and building prototypes. Follow industry trends in related data analytics processes and businesses. Develop high-performance algorithms for predictive analytics. Testing and implementing these algorithms in scalable, product-ready code. Qualifications Post graduate or PhD with at least 2+ years of data science expertise preferred Advanced applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Strong algorithmic problem solving and software development skills (R, Python, or similar) Demonstrated capability to develop proof-of-concept prototypes for experimenting with novel algorithms Demonstrated experience and accomplishments in the use of data mining, machine learning, and predictive analytics to address real-life problems. Past experience in analyzing large scale data and distributed algorithms Excellent analytical, communication (both verbal and written), interpersonal, and organizational skills. Must be able to communicate effectively and clearly present technical approaches and findings.
