About Us

On the off chance you've thought about insurance, it's likely because you've insured something you love, not because you loved your insurance company. Metromile is out to change that. As an insurtech powered by data science and customer centric-design, we're building a community of drivers who come for the savings and stay for the experience.

With technology at its core, Metromile is reimagining insurance to make it fairer and actually delightful. We're obsessed with savings, service, and features -- street sweeping alerts, monthly mileage summaries, fuel trackers and more -- that engage a customer all along their journey. We're on the forefront of disrupting a $250 billion auto insurance category that has gone unchanged for over 80 years.

Metromile's diverse team combines the best of Silicon Valley technologists with veterans from Fortune 500 insurers and financial services giants. This management structure ensures that the business is focused on growth, customer experience, and technology innovation while also balancing unit economics and profitability. Our customer service, claims, and sales teams are all based in-house in the US.

Named a Glassdoor Best Place to Work two years in a row.

About The Role

Metromile is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to work with partners from across our company to support and grow our business. Your modelling will draw on data from connected vehicles, third-party sources, and production pipelines to predict driving risk and better understand our customers. This understanding of risk and behavior is at the core of our insurance business.

If you are excited by the opportunity to explore diverse data sources and work on impactful projects central to our company's mission, then we'd love to hear from you.

You will
Own end-to-end data science projects from the exploration phase to implementation in production to post-production monitoring
Improve our infrastructure for training and deploying machine learning models
Communicate data science models to a range of stakeholders, incorporating their feedback to ensure our models have the best impacts on the business
Use your models to influence decisions across the business and gain support from executive leadership.
Work with a diverse team of collaborative data scientists who enjoy technical discussions and learning new methodologies.
About You
2+ years experience building and deploying machine learning models in production
Degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, operations research, physics or engineering. Advanced degrees are preferred
Proficiency with SQL for writing efficient queries on large datasets
Proficiency with Python for statistical and numerical modeling
Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business
Bonus Points
Your prior experience was within the fintech, insurtech, or autonomous vehicle space.
Experience with AWS/Spark
What's In It For You
Competitive salary plus equity
Robust benefit options (health, dental, vision, 401K)
Strong culture of communication and support in the current remote environment
Transportation and gym benefits
Remote social events (happy hour, trivia night)
Generous parental leave
Mac equipment and adjustable workstations
Metromile is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
