Cohere Health is simplifying healthcare for patients, their doctors, and all those who are important in a patient's healthcare experience. Our focus is to enable an efficient, transparent patient journey where patient goals are central to decision-making.

We are a mission-driven and fast-growing company obsessed with eliminating the wasteful friction patients and doctors experience, particularly for diagnoses that require expensive procedures or medications. To that end, we build products and services that ensure the appropriate plan of care is understood and expeditiously approved, so that patients and doctors can focus on health, rather than payment or administrative hassles.

This is a great opportunity for an outstanding data science professional to go in-house at a Series A healthcare technology company and learn what it takes to show the value of our products and services. You will work closely with analytics leadership, product and IT to support decision-making, and will dig into a wide range of strategic, product, and operational problems. The work will be fast-paced and project-based, with evolving needs - requiring scrappiness, flexibility, curiosity, and grace under pressure. Your work will enable Cohere to make the right investments in a critical stage for our company.

This role offers the potential to grow at Cohere in data science, or potentially move to other functions as well. You will contribute to healthcare analytics from the economic and quality perspective, help build an a company, as well as wear many hats. Our team values empowerment and is committed to developing our talent.

What you will do:
Collaborate cross-functionally to design appropriate data-use capabilities across a wide breadth of analytical needs
Use your expertise in healthcare data to develop effective models to improve our product
Partner with Engineering to deliver seamless modeling for product implementation
What you will have:


5-7 years model building and analytical experience at company where using ML/ AI were critical to the mission, preferably a healthcare company or allied health organization
Direct experience partnering with Engineering to deliver the right analytical models to Product
Clear understanding of model building, model maintenance and the measures that optimize models for product use
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Proficient in R, SQL,Python and other common analytic/ data tools
Strong knowledge of EMR data, SDoH, Claims, NLP use and other important healthcare related data sources
Proficient in current modeling approaches in machine learning and AI such as decision trees and Med2Vec, Patient2vec and other innovative approaches to analyzing data
Master's degree in STEM, public health, finance, economics, or other related field
We can't wait to learn more about you and meet you at Cohere Health!
