FM:Systems provides workplace management technology and solutions that enable facility and real estate teams to identify, plan, and deliver the ideal workplace for every employee. Our leading web-based Integrated Workspace Management System (IWMS) and real-estate analytics software improves management of space, occupancy, renovations, moves, maintenance, property, assets, agile workspaces, employee experience, smart buildings, and more.

At FM:Systems, we have 3 guiding values around what we believe and how we behave 1) do the right thing, 2) act with urgency, and 3) cultivate a culture of excellence and accountability. We aim to offer our clients an exceptional experience with every interaction, foster innovation, and invest in our people. We also provide a fantastic, casual work environment including a stocked kitchen, flexible time-off, support for volunteer work, company celebrations, excellent employee benefits, and more. If this sounds like a company you would like to work for, apply today!

We have a dynamic team, consisting of data scientists, software developers, QA experts, systems administrators, and sales and support personnel. Our team is located in Boston, US, and Sofia, Bulgaria. We have a large and growing number of customers, all of whom are global companies with significant leased and owned office space portfolios for their operations.

Our data scientists and data engineers work with a talented software development team as well as a growing ecosystem of business partners and customers to build leading edge technologies in big data.

In this role, you will have the opportunity to:
Deliver highly scalable systems for processing large volume of data.
Build and maintain models extracting actionable analytics from data.
Develop system specifications and translate system requirements to task specifications for other data scientists.
Manage time to meet project delivery requirements.
The successful candidate for this role will have the following skills and experience:
A Bachelors degree in computer science, applied math, or statistics from a four-year university with some experience in ETL
Strong proficiency in Python.
Experience with version control platforms like GitHub.
Experience with MySQL or similar databases.
Excellent spoken and written communication skills in English.
Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills.
You get bonus points if you have any of the following experience:
Masters degree in a highly computational field.
Experience with agile development methodologies is a plus.
Familiarity with PySpark
Experience with AWS (ECS, ECR and Lambda).
FM:Systems is an equal opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, ethnicity, gender, age, disability, present, current or prospective military/uniformed service, genetic information, or other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law. We are committed to a diverse workforce. We value all employees talents and support an environment that is inclusive and respectful.

Powered by JazzHR
