Job Description
Data Scientist, Clearance Required – TS/SCI w/Polygraph

Please note, this position requires all candidates to currently possess an active Top-Secret SCI Clearance with a Polygraph. This position is not an opportunity to be sponsored or nominated for a government security clearance.
The Challenge:

We encode mission critical software for our partners who analyze more than 25 petabytes of data a day. We ingest millions of signals confidentially utilizing our sensible solutions that identify and respond to attacks before they are even executed. We incorporate automated tools and cutting-edge technology that saves lives and protects property of everyday people. With our technology we are looking to refine our software to more securely protect, analyze, and increase the number of petabytes we work with.
How We Meet the Challenge:

A combination of utilizing the right people and giving them the tools, resources, support, and freedom to develop effective signal processing algorithms, excellent software, and use strong intuition on what works for a scalable system.
Minimum Qualifications:
A current Top-Secret/SCI government security clearance with polygraph is required.
Demonstrated professional experience using the scripting language Python.
Demonstrated experience with machine learning.
Demonstrated professional experience with analytic methods and tools in: applied mathematics, data modeling or probability and statistics.
Demonstrated experience using advanced Microsoft Excel methods.
Demonstrated professional experience with SQL in Oracle.
Demonstrated experience presenting complex, technical findings.
Demonstrated experience working with diverse data types.
Demonstrated professional experience with version control systems, such as Github.
Demonstrated experience with data science techniques or formal data science training.

Bonus Points:

Demonstrated experience with developing data visualizations.
Demonstrated experience with creative problem solving skills to address procedural and administrative issues within the assigned problem set.
Demonstrated experience with web analytics processing and procedures.
Demonstrated familiarity with Amazon Web Services infrastructure.
Demonstrated familiarity with Amazon Web Services’ native data science capabilities.


As a Data Scientist, You Will:
Use advanced Microsoft Excel methods.
Present complex and technical findings
Work with diverse data types


Work Site: Greater Ft. Meade, MD area.

To Learn More About Our Team and Solutions, Check Out the Following:

Corporate Website: www.ssati.com
GlassDoor Page: https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-SSATI-EI_IE1260475.11,16.htm
Indeed Page: https://www.indeed.com/cmp/Ssati/reviews
LinkedIn Page: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ssati/
Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/ssati2003/
Twitter Page: https://twitter.com/ssati2003?lang=en


At Sensible Solutions and Technologies, Inc. (SSATI), we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our services, and our community. SSATI is honored to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
