Thank you for your interest in joining the Centauri team. Together, we can leverage the next generation of advanced technologies to deliver industry-leading capabilities across land, air, sea, space, and cyberspace. Our goal is to deliver innovative solutions using an agile, mission-first approach to address the most difficult technical challenges facing our customers. The only way that we can tackle these challenges is by recruiting the brightest minds in the industry to join our team.
Description
Centauri is seeking a Data Scientist for Reston, VA.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Designs, implements, and operates data management systems for intelligence needs. Designs how data will be stored, accessed, used, integrated, and managed by different data regimes and digital systems. Works with data users to determine, create, and populate optimal data architectures, structures, and systems. Plans, designs, and optimizes data throughput and query performance. Participates in the selection of backend database technologies (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, HPC, etc.), their configuration and utilization, and the optimization of the full data pipeline infrastructure to support the actual content, volume, ETL, and periodicity of data to support the intended kinds of queries and analysis to match expected responsiveness.

REQUIRED SKILLS:
Demonstrates strong software scripting skills
Demonstrates strong relational database experience
Demonstrates ability to work independently with minimal oversight and direction.
Familiarity with Defense Intelligence Digest product lines
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or Applied Physics and 8 years experience.
Security Requirements: Active TS/SCI Security Clearance, CI Polygraph
Centauri is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other factor protected by law.

Are you a returning applicant?
Previous Applicants:


Email:


Password:
If you do not remember your password click here.
Back to Search Results

New Search
