Data Analyst - Unilever Prestige
Job Code

3949

Location


US - Carson, CA Corporate HQ

Position Type


Regular Full-Time

Apply Now

Data Analyst - Unilever Prestige

Unilever Prestige is a portfolio of high-end beauty brands wholly owned by Unilever Corporate. The companies consist of Dermalogica, Murad, Kate Somerville, Ren, Living Proof, Hourglass, Garancia, and most recently Tatcha. We have an active finance community that thinks collaboratively across the different businesses to balance individual business models with common processes and solutions.

The portfolio is in search of an exceptional and highly capable Data Analyst to help build a central analytics platform for Prestige brands and also perform data analysis. This position will report directly to the CRM Director and work cross-functionally with IT, data, ecommerce, and operations teams from all Prestige brands. The role will be primarily based at Murad in El Segundo, CA.

Responsibilities
Build and maintain data warehouse using Snowflake, sourcing data from a variety of data sources, across all eight Prestige brands
Write data transformation scripts, as necessary, to integrate data across all prestige brands
Interpret data from CDP, eCommerce platforms etc. and build analysis on top of those datasets
Understand, analyze complex data models and tell a story from data
Create informative data visualizations to communicate data insights to business stakeholders
Define KPIs, create reports and dashboards using large data sets
Support and maintain dashboards and data refreshes
Run complex SQL queries to prepare the data for creating predictive models
Build predictive models
Other ad-hoc analysis projects
Qualifications
3+ years of experience in developing Analytics/BI applications and analyzing data
Strong SQL skills. Experience with Microsoft SQL server and Snowflake
Extensive experience and Expert level knowledge in Tableau. Experience with other BI platforms a plus
Extensive experience in writing scripts to extract and transform data. Python, SQL scripts or other ETL tools
Experience with data models and data analytics
Experience in CRM and CDP and familiarity with different tools used
Experience building predictive models. SAS or R skills required
Exceptional verbal, written, and visual communication skills. Attention to detail
Structured approach to problem solving and exceptional analytical skills
Ability to think creatively and to work well both as part of a team and as an individual contributor
Bachelor’s in Computer Science or related field
To be considered for this role, please click on "Apply" to complete your online application. Please know that all applications are reviewed for consideration. A member of the Human Resources team will contact you if your experience and skills are a match for the position.
