Position Overview:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for turning data into knowledge, enabling business decisions.

Specific Duties Include:
Partnering with the user community to create new business intelligence, reporting and data analysis solutions.
Maintaining existing software systems related to business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Identify improvements to existing business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements.
Build and maintain ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and integration processes.
Validate data delivered to user community.
Ensure compliance with Protolabs data and software policies and procedures.
Monitor software systems to ensure reliability and accuracy of information loaded into the databases.
Maintain all documentation related to database objects, source systems, and operations.
Conduct complex, important work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgment.
Minimum Qualifications:
6+ years of experience working in software engineering
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Domo
Experience with PowerBI
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Ability to work on multiple project concurrently
Ability to manage time effectively
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, collaborative environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous leadership experience preferred
Knowledge of document databases including Raven
Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX
Previous experience with Salesforce
Software development in a continuous integration and continuous deployment environment
Proto Labs maintains ITAR-compliant operations in all of our United States based facilities. Due to ITAR regulations, this role is only open to U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire in this role.

Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer
