Job Overview: The Data Scientist is a key member of our cross-functional Product team responsible for discovering new and innovative solutions to the challenges within the built environment. Now, more than ever, building owners and operators rely on Hatch Data to get a birds-eye view of asset performance to help them achieve ambitious goals around sustainable financial, environmental, and social impact. We are actively seeking an exceptional Data Scientist to help us take one of the worlds most extensive data sets for commercial building operations and transform it into amazing products for our customers.

Responsibilities and Duties:
Partner with Product Management, to Investigate high-level questions to discover new relationships between operations and outcomes
Maintain and improve upon the accuracy and utility of existing machine-learning algorithms
Own the long-term Data Science Roadmap, including prototype solutions in "green field" problem spaces
Support ad-hoc data analysis in support of customer success and marketing efforts
Collaborate closely with domain experts in energy and mechanical engineering, as well as with the software engineering team
Coach and mentor others to amplify your impact and continuously demonstrate the value of data science
Experience:
Bachelors degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Math, or related technical field.
Minimum 3+ years experience applying data science techniques to drive product development and decision-making.
Demonstrated track record of solving problems in industry with machine learning
Expertise in statistical methods and experimental design and analysis
Fluent in at least one modern language for data processing (R, Python, and Scala experience ideal).
Comfortable with AWS and distributed data processing systems (e.g., Spark)
Familiarity with energy-efficiency, commercial building domain, regression and baseline techniques, weather normalization, etc. a plus
Experience using APIs to manipulation and move data in and out of systems.
Must possess outstanding written and verbal communication skills in English.
Ability to prioritize development and operational tasks in a dynamic and challenging environment.
About You:
Care about leaving the world better than you found it.
Mission-driven and leads by example with equal parts brain and heart.
Operationally-minded, empathetic, self-starter, driven, and gets things done.
Natural communicator that instills confidence and trust with internal and external stakeholders.
Excited to join a small company, with big company benefits, and upside potential.
Ideally based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
About Us:

Climate change is real. Addressing this is the biggest issue of our time. While moving the world from dirty energy sources to clean ones matters, there is also an enormous opportunity to use existing resources more efficiently. Buildings consume up to 40% of the energy in North America alone. This is a big opportunity to create change. We bring our values to work and every day push to solve these problems at scale.

Our team applies their knowledge of energy systems, mechanical engineering, IoT, machine learning and the built environment, to design cutting edge software that reduces the negative environmental impact of our indoor spaces while improving the bottom line for owners and operators. Our software platform has been proven across more than 400M square feet of commercial real estate with marquee customers, and were doubling down our efforts in the coming months as we prepare to accelerate growth and impact.

This is a unique opportunity to join a company that does well by doing good and is positioned for significant expansion. Youll enjoy comprehensive benefits, competitive salary, and meaningful equity. We offer a flexible work environment and the opportunity to work alongside an incredibly talented, fun, and highly motivated team.

How to Apply:

Does this sound like you? If so, please submit your resume and cover letter and provide any context you think would be helpful as we learn about you. Well be interested in understanding why youre excited about joining us, why this role seems like a perfect fit for your talents, and what success looks like for you, personally, over the next few years.
