The position

Come join one of the fastest-growing companies in the vacation rental space as a Sr. Data Scientist on our Analytics team! In this position, youd be tasked with advancing our capabilities across a variety of functions including guest and owner acquisition, amenity valuation, and dynamic pricing. Were a tight-knit team of Data Scientists and BI professionals that learn together and are constantly thinking about how machine learning, analytics, and visualization can improve every facet of our business.

Our dream applicant has built high-performing machine learning models, is able to identify and advocate for high-impact opportunities, and is hungry to make a difference. This is your opportunity to work alongside and mentor other talented data professionals in an environment that necessitates professional growth and learning.

What youll get to do
Create and deploy machine learning models and algorithms that increase revenue and operational efficiency.
Identify opportunities to use advanced analytics to solve business challenges.
Build feature sets, enriched with external data when applicable.
Maintain model explainability and present new models in a way that builds trust and understanding across stakeholders.
Monitor model performance and identify opportunities for iterative improvement.
Incorporate a test and learn mentality into model development.
Mentor more junior data professionals and identify opportunities to increase team knowledge and velocity.
A little about you
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related quantitative field, Masters or PhD preferred.
Proven track record of your deployed models making a business impact and improving over time.
Programming experience with Python and SQL, ideally in a full-stack machine learning setting.
Software development background to be able to create high-quality, reproducible code.
Ability to work in a collaborative environment with a variety of stakeholders.
Experience implementing and enhancing A/B testing frameworks.
A little about us

Evolve makes vacation rental easy for everyone. Our fresh approach to vacation rental management offers homeowners a better way to generate rental income and provides travelers with the industry's best booking experience.

Thanks to a strong work ethic and an unapologetic passion for hospitality, we now support over 10,000 properties in over 500 markets across North America. We enjoy earning each guest and owner's business - all while having some fun along the way.

Values mean more to Evolve than just bullets on a page. They drive our daily decisions and impact how we work as a hospitality company. Which value sounds the most like you?
Earn It
Build Loyalty One Interaction at a Time
Communicate Often, Honestly & Directly
Embrace Change
Stay Hungry & Humble
Care
Be Efficient
Take Risks
Learn Every Day
Have Some Fun Along the Way
Evolve is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that a diverse work environment is a successful work environment so all qualified candidates will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR
