Please reach me at 916-605-4621shivang.rajpalagreeya.com if available and interested. Locals candidates only. The position will be onsite when the situation allows. During COVID candidate will be working remote must be on site M-F once the site opens. Job Details Manufacturing and Clinical Supply (MCS) within Process Development is searching is for a Data Scientist (CW) to support its multiple digital data programs. MCS is responsible for the end-to-end delivery of products, process knowledge and technology solutions to enable accelerated product commercialization. MCS serves as a launch site to enable speed to market for innovative products and biosimilars. This person will build a wide-range of innovative data and analytics solutions, from descriptive to prescriptive, develop advanced analytical models, integrate data, derive insights, and automate and enhance processes. The ideal candidate enjoys tackling challenges and excels at organizing information from numerous sources to provide well-constructed deliverables. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to Leveraging large data sets to conduct end-to end analytics that will include data gathering, requirements specifications, processing, analytics, ongoing deliverables, and presentations. Interacting cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Preferred Qualifications M.Sc., in Engineering or Computer Sciences Expertise working with large data sets, data mining, and machine learning tools Expertise in Python andor R andor SQL programming languages Understanding of biopharmaceuticals process and related unit operations Understanding of supply chain processes and SAP knowledge Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Independent, self-motivated, organized, able to multi-task in time-sensitive environments, and skilled in communication, facilitation, and collaboration Familiarity with DevOps and software best practices (i.e., version control, continuous integration, test driven development).
