About Us


Launched in 2011, Twitch is a global community that comes together each day to create multiplayer entertainment: unique, live, unpredictable experiences created by the interactions of millions. We bring the joy of co-op to everything, from casual gaming to world-class esports to anime marathons, music, and art streams. Twitch also hosts TwitchCon, where we bring everyone together to celebrate, learn, and grow their personal interests and passions. We're always live at Twitch. Stay up to date on all things Twitch on LinkedIn, Twitter and on our Blog.

About the Role


The Financial Planning and Analysis team partners with all departments at Twitch to guide financial decisions and provide insights. For this role, we are looking for an experienced Data/Business Intelligence Analyst who will oversee data, including repeatable, scaleable and consistent data/dashboard/report building, metrics reviews, channel investments, guidance on success/failure metrics, cost/benefit and ad hoc analysis. You will also manage projects and interact with technical and non-technical staff members throughout the company. Your leadership efforts will have a direct impact on hundreds of stakeholders at Twitch. You will report to our Senior Director of Revenue & Margin Finance.

You Will:
Prioritize and perform in the face of ambiguity: work with partners and mentors to distill the problem, adapt your tools to answer complicated questions, and identify the trade-offs between speed and quality of different approaches
Promote data knowledge and insights: manage communications with your stakeholders and other teams, work with technical and non-technical colleagues to complete data projects and ensure all parties can use the insights to further improve
Create actionable insights from data analysis covering viewer, creator, ad sales, commerce and content deals
Maintain a customer-centric focus: work to be a domain and product expert through data, develop trust among your peers and partners, and ensure that your team has access to data to make decisions
Create analytical frameworks to measure team success: partner with cross-functional teams to establish success metrics, create approaches to track the data and troubleshoot errors, quantify and evaluate the data, then develop a common language for all colleagues to understand these KPIs
Operationalize data processes: provide the team with ad-hoc analysis, automated dashboards, and self-service reporting tools so that everyone gets a good sense of the state of the business
You Have:


A Bachelor's degree and 8+ years of domain experience in a consumer internet business, or in a high-velocity, high-growth product or business unit
Experience building customer insights from transaction data including LTV, CAC, with fluency in data analysis, including time series analysis, cohort analysis, experimentation, data visualization, and defining KPI strategy
Expert SQL skills. Ability to tap into Twitch's data pipeline will be important
Strategic and analytical capabilities
Strong ability to lead projects
Bonus Points
Product analytics experience with signup funnels, engagement metrics, and retention analysis
Technical background and programming experience especially R or Python
Statistics knowledge and hypothesis testing experience
Experience developing dashboards using Tableau
Passion about online communities, games, and Twitch
Perks
Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k)
Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Commuter Benefits
Amazon Employee Discount
Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.)
Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily
Free Snacks & Beverages
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
