About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

What you'll do
You will develop products via innovation in research, methodology and data interpretation to drive our clients' business growth.
You will use your knowledge of research, statistics, and data modeling to create new approaches to market research ways (e.g., segmentation, market mix modelling, customer lifetime value, propensity models, etc.) by combining survey and non-survey data in new ways.
What you need to know

Here are some of the main things you will be expected to do in this role:
60%: Develop and validate new research solutions using the best mix of survey and non-survey data to solve common client business problems especially those related to audience understanding
20%: Create deliverables via PowerPoint that contain visuals that explain complex research methodologies in easy to digest ways and tell a comprehensive story
20%: Standardize methods and processes and collaborate with the research, engineering, and product teams to specify use cases or requirements for automation of repeatedly used quantitative analyses, data visualizations, and statistical tests
Experience designing surveys or discussion guides, sample and analytic plans, and experiments to isolate cause and effect
Have strong visual and written storytelling skills and experience using them to convey insights to clients in a compelling way
Experience with statistical and programming packages such as SPSS, SAS, R, Bayesia, Sawtooth or others and experience with writing Excel macros or other automation
For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

We're an agile, fast growing company and this job description isn't meant to be a complete list of your qualifications of all the things you'll do.

GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.
