Company Description

null
Job Description

At Biogen, the Digital Health Technology team is part of Biogen’s cross functional IT organization that provides scientists with cutting-edge computational informatics and analytics tools and services. The team collaborates closely with multiple business teams from R&D, PO&T and Medical on points of common interest. The team has technical depth, agility and great motivation to enable solving scientifically demanding problems.

The IT Partner/Senior IT Partner is an experienced, motivated individual who will serve as a strategic IT liaison to the business teams, focused on building strong partnerships and delivering strategic and meaningful IT solutions.

The IT Partner/Senior IT Partner will partner with the business to understand their key processes around research, especially those related to importing and generating petabyte scale data, building the next generation of Biogen R&D’s high performance computing and data resources for applications in areas of genetics and genomics, cheminformatics, proteomics, image analysis, devices, wearables and related sources of data, data processing pipelines for target identification, validation, drug discovery, and patient stratification. This lead technical IT Partner will work with a team of Neuroscientists to evaluate and select relevant, cutting edge technologies.

The individual in this role must be focused on business outcomes and will be accountable for project success from initial project business case justification through deployment and operationalization.

Key responsibilities will include:
Take ownership for appropriate stakeholder management of the DQM teams.
Lead through influence and partnership at all levels of the organization. Establish and maintain strong relationships to navigate within a matrixed organization.
Contribute and assist in defining and maintaining the business capability-based IT roadmap for the IT strategy.
Be a trusted proxy in communicating the technology strategy for IT applications and IT operations to the business stakeholders
Utilizing broad business and IT knowledge and expertise in digital health devices to proactively research strategic technological solutions to collect real world evidence and/or clinical trial data from neurodegenerative disease populations.
Develop business cases and define projects that will deliver on the future roadmap and understand Research and Development needs and provide solutions to help determine optimal technology to deploy in clinical trials and/or at hospitals and research centers
Lead and drive successful execution on all aspects of technology projects, including developing scalable and robust digital solutions, analyzing requirements and systems architecture to make recommendations to senior leaders.
Provide oversight (including financial budgets, IT vendor resources) to ensure delivery of agreed upon portfolio of projects Manage multiple vendors to deliver successful outcomes. Collaborate with cross-functional project teams comprising functional, technical, regulatory and quality assurance for digital device execution projects.
Serve as escalation and coordination point of contact for major issues impacting DQM critical business operations.
Qualifications
Good understanding of the Medical Device development process, knowledge of IEC 62304, Medical Device Software – Software Life Cycle processes, including Design Controls, and Quality Systems Regulation.
Good understanding of the contemporary software engineering landscape, including distributed architecture, Agile methods, and mobile technologies.
Experience in neurological disease areas is desirable.
Demonstrable Business Analyst experience.
Project management and leadership experience.
Vendor management experience.
Comfort with ambiguity and a problem-solving aptitude.
Excellent facilitation, communication and presentation skills and ability to communicate highly technical work to a diverse audience.
Experience with data management, setting up cloud infrastructure for data collection is preferred.
Strong forecasting and budgeting experience.
10+ years IT/Industry Experience.
Life sciences industry experience is a plus.
Education :
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field required.
Additional Information

Biogen has one of the most exciting pipelines in the Biotech / Pharmaceutical industry. Drug discovery continues to be transformed by powerful computational sciences and technologies that translate measurements into actionable knowledge about disease, patients and therapeutics. At Biogen, the Digital Health Technology team is part of Biogen’s cross functional IT organization that provides scientists with cutting-edge computational informatics and analytics tools and services.
