About Concerto HealthAI

Concerto HealthAI is the leading provider of precision health clinical and commercial real-world data and AI solutions to the global pharma community and across the broader healthcare landscape. Our mission is to accelerate drug development, clinical trials, and HEOR analytics to dramatically improve patient outcomes.
Concerto HealthAI is part of a select set of companies backed by SymphonyAI Group (SAI) the largest AI-focused investment firm in the world, which was founded and is led by Dr. Romesh Wadhwani, a highly successful serial tech entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist. Dr. Wadhwani has committed $1 billion in capital to build SAI’s portfolio companies into global leaders that deliver extraordinary new value across diverse industries.

Role Summary

Concerto HealthAI is looking for a talented Data Scientist to build advanced AI and Machine Learning solutions as part of our eurekaHealth solution team engaging in projects and programs of high priority. You will be responsible for data exploration, analysis, development of machine learning methods for predictive/descriptive modeling of patient data in the oncology domain using Concerto RWD data. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, stats/math, and ML skills, and ideally, you have a background in life science, biology, or medicine. You will work closely with a cross-functional team of subject matter experts, data scientists, and data and software engineers to assist with client technology delivery. This role reports to the Vice President of Data Science.
Responsibilities
Working with the client teams, internal RWD teams, eurekaHealth solutions team to advance approaches that best utilize Concerto RWD and technologies, while providing leading and high value solutions for Concerto clients.
Understand, define and solve healthcare specific problems and be able to analyze, visualize, interpret, and contextualize results for clients.
Reading and evaluating the medical/machine learning literature and applying it to meet our customers needs.
Design, develop and implement mathematical models, methodologies and data science solutions using Concerto RWD data to address client’s needs.
Delivers on customer projects from data feasibility studies to complex projects.
Design and develop cutting edge methodologies intended for publication and the advancement of healthcare.
Requirements
MD or PhD in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, bioinformatics, computational biology or math.
Strong programming abilities in one high level language (Python, C/ C++, R).
Good understanding of biostatistical and statistical concepts and probability theory.
Experience with biological data and/or healthcare data (Electronic Health Records, claims data).
Experience with mathematical modeling, advanced data science and computational concepts and techniques.
Strong communication, project management and technical leadership skills with an enthusiasm for working in an interdisciplinary environment.
Learn More About Concerto HealthAI

Concerto HealthAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about Concerto HealthAI at www.concertohealthai.com , or follow us on LinkedIn.
