Benson Hill empowers innovators to develop more healthy, tasty and sustainable food by unlocking the natural genetic diversity of plants. Benson Hill's CropOS platform combines machine learning and big data with breeding techniques and plant biology to drastically accelerate and simplify the product development process. This platform allows for cost-effective and more efficient ways for companies to analyze and make improvements in plant genetics. Benson Hill brings a unique and holistic approach to our product and platform development, as we span a broader workflow involving trait and seed development, genome editing, and breeding all the way to creating better ingredients and varieties that tap a strong consumer demand for more flavorful and nutritious fruits and vegetables. More information can be found online at www.bensonhill.com. Follow us on Twitter at @BensonHillInc.

Our Purpose and Core Values

Our Core Values are a set of common principles we share that are fundamental to our company's identity.
Be Bold! We redefine boundaries by providing new solutions to difficult problems. Together we are driven to transform the future and will not allow the fear of failure to prevent us from innovating. We voice our opinions, embrace change, and challenge each other to think creatively.
Be Inspired! We redefine boundaries by providing new solutions to difficult problems. Together we are driven to transform the future and will not allow the fear of failure to prevent us from innovating. We voice our opinions, embrace change, and challenge each other to think creatively.
Be Real! We understand who we are, what we want to achieve, and what it takes to get there. We hold each other accountable through timely, candid, and well-intentioned feedback. Together we engage in honest communication and healthy debate that leads to success through true alignment.
Department Overview

The Data Science & Platform Engineering Department leads the development of Benson Hill's crop design platform, CropOS which combines machine learning and big data with genome editing and plant biology to accelerate and simplify the product development process. The team partners with the Research & Development teams on the development of a portfolio of offerings (commercial, product, or platform related) that meet the needs of Benson Hill's business units.

Position Summary

We are actively seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our rapidly growing Research and Development Department. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and implementing environmental and geospatial models enabling field experimental design and optimization of product performance across testing environments. This person will work closely with Benson Hill data engineers, scientists and project leaders to maximize the impact of Benson Hill's product development programs.

You Will:

(Essential Duties and Responsibilities)
Develop and refine geospatial data analysis, storage, and modeling systems.
Conduct independent analyses of performance and use advanced approaches to identify predictive models in a geospatial framework.
Participate in the design of hypothesis-driven experiments and analyses.
Perform spatial and statistical analysis on experimental outputs and interpret results
Communicate results in written and visual formats to scientists and program leaders.
Identify opportunities for model enhancements and opportunities for new models to create value in the product discovery and testing pipeline.
You Have:

Education
PhD preferred (minimum BS plus 4 years' experience), in applied mathematics, physics, engineering, statistics, ecology, or closely related field with formal training in statistics and experimental design, with demonstrable track record of peer-reviewed publications.
Experience
Demonstrated enthusiasm for data-driven discovery.
Experience with geospatial analyses, modeling, and interactive system development.
Highly developed ability to identify and evaluate predictive models and their utility.
Experience with machine learning and statistical concepts, packages and libraries.
Background and experience analyzing data with Python, R, or Julia.
Expert with at least one scripting language, Python or R preferred.
Ability to work in collaborative team, and the ability to respond positively to critiques of work.
Excellent communication skills, both electronic and in-person.
A track record of producing deliverables and meeting tight release deadlines.
Ability to work autonomously, identify key tasks, and find solutions to challenges.
Experience organizing and planning complex projects
Strong record of personal development and learning new technologies.
Software/Skillset
Strong understanding of scientific concepts, approaches, application, and interpretation.
Demonstrated experience with common machine learning approaches, statistics, geospatial and command line (e.g. R) applications.
Other
Attention to detail
Strong Customer Focus
Collaborative
Ability to focus and work independently with little direction
We have a Total Rewards Package at Benson Hill that consists of more than just your paycheck. Total Rewards at Benson Hill covers Pay (salary and bonus), Health (employer benefit contributions) and Wealth (investments). Some of the perks include:
A Collaborative Environment
A flexible PTO program with a focus on work/life balance
Competitive medical benefits and retirement savings plan
FREE Dental and Vision Coverage
Education reimbursement
PAID parental leave
And more.
