Job Description

Transforming the future of healthcare isn't something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact.

As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities.Here at Change Healthcare, we're using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life.

If you're ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that's committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare.

Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all.

Empower Your Future. Make a Difference.

The Data Scientist analyzes & applies anonymized healthcare information to enable better healthcare outcomes & costs, for Change Healthcare, its customers and other key constituents

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyze anonymized healthcare information to support Change Healthcare and our customers & partners objectives, which include better healthcare outcomes, improved effectiveness and efficiency, enhanced access for those who need care, and strengthened health and wellness for patients and consumers.
Create input for thought leadership projects that shape and advance the responsible use of data to improve healthcare in the US.
Analyze healthcare trends. Understand drivers for health & wellness for both individuals and the health ecosystem at large. Use this understanding to help create predictive models projecting future healthcare conditions, outcomes and economics
Effective collaborator (within CHC and with customers). Success requires effective internal teamwork (IT, legal, account management, executives) and key external constituents
MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum 6 years experience in Data Solutions Field or related area
Advanced SQL expertise with at least 1-2 years' experience working with large datasets (30 million records +)
Expertise extracting large datasets and presenting in Excel or Spotfire
Basic to intermediate understanding of statistics (predictions, statistical significance, normalization, etc.)
Ability to summarize complex insights in plain English (for eventual consumption by the business and/or customers)
Healthcare billing and/or clinical data experience highly desirable (but not necessary)
Ability to take initiative and work independently
CRITICAL SKILLS:
Demonstrates curiosity/determination/iteration/innovation in using data to improve healthcare.
Experience matching/linking multiple datasets to create cohesive, longitudinal analytic datasets.
Ability to interpret abstract concepts to developer compelling insight, while ensuring their statistical validity.
Internal burning desire to succeed, yet a team player
Education:

Bachelor's degree required (ideally with strong concentration in statistics or programming

Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at and the supplemental information at

If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to with 'Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation' as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Click here to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.

Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.

Change Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment at Change Healthcare is based upon your individual merit and qualifications. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, protected veteran status or disability, genetic characteristic, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. We will also make all reasonable accommodations to meet our obligations under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and state disability laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.
