Net2Source is a Global Workforce Solutions Company headquartered at NJ, USA with its branch offices in Asia Pacific Region. We are one of the fastest growing IT Consulting company across the USA and we are hiring " Data Scientist ldquofor our client. We offer a wide gamut of consulting solutions customized to our 450+ clients ranging from Fortune 5001000 to Start-ups across various verticals like Technology, Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Oil Gas, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Utilities, Technology, Manufacturing, the Internet, and Engineering. Data Scientist Alpharetta- GA Contract Position Must Have Bachelorrsquos degree with Six or more years of relevant work experience Extensive training in math, computer science, statistics, physical science, or related fields. Strong experience in data analysis Strong SQL and HQL skills Experience in production model development from end to end. Experience in machine learning and statistical modeling. Experience in computingprogramming skills proficiency in Python, Pyspark, and Linux shell script. Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills. Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities. Experience in leading large-scale data science projects and delivering from end to end. Experience in machine learning and statistical modeling. Experience in computingprogramming skills proficiency in Python, R, and Linux shell script. Experience in data management and data analysis in a relational database and in Hadoop. Experience with Hadoop, Python, R, Spark, C++, Scala, or Java. Experience in SQL and database management. Good to Have A Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Data Science or related field. A Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, or Data Science. Experience in practicing machine learning and data science in business Experience with Deep Learning, NLP, and Chabot technology is a plus About Net2Source, Inc. Net2Source is an employer-of-choice for over 2200+ consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 40 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S. We are one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. and this may be your opportunity to join us! Want to read more about Net2Source?, Visit us at www.net2source.com httpwww.net2source.com Equal Employment Opportunity Commission The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Net2Source Inc. is one of the fastest growing Global Workforce Solutions company with a growth of 100 YoY for last consecutive 3 years with over 2200+ employees globally and 30 locations in US and operations in 20 countries. With an experience of over a decade we offer unmatched workforce solutions to our clients by developing an in-depth understanding of their business needs. We specialize in Contingent hiring, Direct Hires, Statement of Work, Payroll Management, IC Compliance, VMS, RPO and Managed IT Services. Fast Facts about Net2Source Inception in 2007, privately held, Debt free 2200+ employees globally 375+ In- house Team of Sales, Account Management and Recruitment with coast to coast COE. 30 offices in US and 50+ Offices globally Operations in 20 countries (US, Canada, Mexico, APAC, UK, UAE, Europe, , Europe, Latin America, Japan, Australia) Awards and Accolades 2018 ndash Fastest Growing IT Staffing Firm in North America by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 ndash Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America as a 5 times consecutive honoree ndash Inc. 5000 2018 ndash Fastest 50 by NJBiz 2018 ndash Techserve Excellence Award (IT and Engineering Staffing) 2018 ndash Best of the Best Platinum Award by Agile1 2018 ndash 40 Under 40 Award Winner by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 ndash CEO World Gold Award by SVUS 2017 ndash Best of the Best Gold Award by Agile1 Regards James Mccroft Technical Recruiter Net2SourceInc. Tel 201-340-8700 Ext. 427 Direct 201-676-3194 E-mail jamesmnet2source.com mailtojamesmnet2source.com
