Job Introduction


FLEETCOR is seeking a Data Scientist to support the North America Fuel business product, pricing, and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing business data. The position will be located in FLEETCOR’s Atlanta headquarters in Buckhead, GA, being a key member of North America Fuel Revenue Management team.

The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for business model and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. The candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. He/she must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data - based insights and must be comfortable working with a wide range of data types and requests, including financial and non-financial data. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and improving business outcomes.

***Please Note: We are not able to provide relocation or visa assistance/transfer or sponsorship at this time.***

The Ideal Candidate
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Finance or related field required, Master degree preferred;
3-5 years of practical experience with data processing, data mining, statistical analysis and other analytical skills under business environment required.
Extensive experience querying databases and using advanced statistical techniques (R, Python, SLQ, SAS, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets;
Knowledge and experience of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world applications.
Advanced analytical and problem solving skills and ability to explain complex concepts succinctly and effectively
Experience in creating, visualizing and presenting data and insight using Tableau
Excellent oral and written communication skills including ability to present to and influence senior and executive management.
Highly adaptable and comfortable with ambiguity. Ability to breakdown broad objectives in to tactical goals and effectively communicate to team.
Personal Attributes
Creative problem solver: the ability to quickly grasp the business issues of a situation and develop the best solution; find creative ways to solve complex issues among demanding parties and achieve “win-win” resolutions
The ability to deal with ambiguity and adapt easily to rapidly changing business conditions
Comfort working in a dynamic, research-oriented group with several ongoing concurrent projects
Ability to design and strategize as well as execute and implement
Results focused; Accountable, strong sense of ownership
Energetic and positive contributor who can fit into a highly motivated and high performance team.
Unquestionable Independence and Integrity: an individual regarded as having strong principles and adhering firmly to those principles.
Team-Oriented: a collaborative individual who is motivated by working effectively with others and forging consensus
Strong interpersonal skills and relationship management

About the Company


FLEETCOR Technologies (NYSE:FLT) is a leading global provider of commercial payment solutions. The Company helps businesses of all sizes better control, simplify and secure payment of their fuel, toll, lodging and other general payables. With its proprietary payment acceptance networks, FLEETCOR provides affiliated merchants with incremental sales and loyalty. FLEETCOR serves businesses, partners and merchants in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Australasia. For more information, please visit www.FLEETCOR.com.

Founded in 2000 and headquartered in Peachtree Corners, Georgia, FLEETCOR generates more than $2.25 billion in revenue through brands such as Fuelman and Comdata. We employ more than 8,000 valued associates worldwide.

FLEETCOR enjoys global recognition including:
Forbes Global Growth Champion – FLEETCOR is one of the 250 fastest growing companies in the world as determined by Forbes and Statista
Forbes World’s Most Innovative Companies – FLEETCOR has made this prestigious list of leading innovative companies 4 years in a row!
Fortune 1000 Company – FLEETCOR was one of the largest movers in the new rankings of the largest companies in America, rising 92 spots to #896
S&P 500 – In 2018, FLEETCOR joined the S&P stock index comprised of the 500 leading US stocks based on market cap (company value)
FLEETCOR has a culture founded on integrity, collaboration, innovation, execution and people. This offers each employee the opportunity to ‘thrive & grow’ thru career development, volunteer, community and wellness initiatives…allowing each individual to create a balance between professional goals and personal achievement.

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer

If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact your local Human Resources Business Partner and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to.

For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity and pay transparency, please click the following links: EEO and Pay Transparency.

FLEETCOR
