Child Care Aware® of America, our nation’s leading voice for child care, works with more than 450 state and local Child Care Resource and Referral agencies to ensure that families in every local community have access to quality, affordable child care.

Child Care Aware of America is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce. Our mission is to advance a child care system that effectively serves all children and families. Joining our efforts provides a powerful opportunity to make a difference in the lives of families and to advocate for the approximately 1.5 million child care providers in the United States. The child care workforce is 94% women; 40% people of color; and 22% foreign-born. And despite the invaluable service they provide, 36.7 percent of them live below 200% of the federal poverty line. Join CCAoA to help us realize our vision that every family in the United States has access to a high-quality, affordable child care system.

Summary of Position:

The Data Scientist will be responsible for gathering data from a variety of sources, and highlighting key data points to advance the organization’s mission. She/he/they will determine project design, and be essential in identifying solutions to complex data problems that will enhance the team’s ability to access data and new analytical tools. The Data Scientist will ensure that CCAoA’s data is available to internal and external stakeholders and present data driven analyses in partnership with the Research team.

Position Duties and Responsibilities:
Use various modeling and machine learning techniques to creatively solve business problems.
Work with a large & growing child care datasets using descriptive statistics and data visualization tools.
Create insights from existing data and drive the collection of new data through instrumentation.
Communicate methodology and results of advanced analyses using accessible language and intuitive data visualizations.
Create reproducible, documented analyses and models that lend themselves to automation.
Perform other duties or tasks as assigned or required.
Qualification and Experience:
Master's in a quantitative discipline or computer science, or a Bachelor's and 4-6 years related experience required.
2+ years’ experience programming in R and/or Python.
Experience with cloud-based (Google, Amazon or Microsoft) data science tools.
Experience building/deploying ML models in AWS, Azure or Google Cloud.
Strong foundation in statistical analysis and machine learning techniques.
Facility with relational, columnar, and NoSQL database systems.
Experience coping nimbly with imperfect data.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Proven experience in developing machine learning and deep learning systems to solve real world problems.
Passionate about solving difficult problems creatively.
An excellent communicator and listener who helps others understand both problems and solutions.
Someone who knows how to tell a story with their data.
A strong team player who enjoys helping their teammates succeed.
