General Description: The Data Scientist will solve problems and answer questions designed to drive innovation and deliver organizational value. You will synthesize diverse datasets and use programming, machine learning and statistical modeling to meet project goals. You will communicate insights to multiple stakeholders and support the implementation of impactful data science solutions across organization.

Responsibilities:
Research problems. Design, document and execute experiments as projects. Write up concise results and conclusions.
Work with the line of business leaders to identify opportunities for improvements to top line growth or bottom-line cost savings. Learn underlying systems and workflows.
Perform data extraction, cleansing and wrangling on diverse data sets from internal and external sources.
Primarily use Microsoft tools: Python, Azure, Power BI, Excel, SSAS, etc. to develop and test solutions to business problems. Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Communicate results to business leaders clearly and concisely. Provide insights through data visualizations.
Manage project meetings and resolve obstacles and issues with limited direction. Collaborate with fellow analysts to move projects forward quickly.
Mentor fellow team members on data science techniques and code.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field a plus.
4-year degree or equivalent in data-science related field.
3+ years' practical experience with Python, ETL, data processing, SQL and data analytics.
Strong analytical and analysis skills. Familiar with advanced features of Excel and statistical concepts.
Working knowledge of insurance brokerage or sales workflows and systems an asset.
Experience with Microsoft Azure ML and general project-management skills a plus.
Must be able to manage multiple and rapidly changing, high visibility priorities and projects.
Proven ability to manage expectations and outcomes with business leaders.
Job ID:

20373
