At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world. We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask.

Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across multiple application areas, including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience. Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented individuals driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists, engineers, clinicians, computational biologists, and more to make new strides.

We are dedicated to finding the best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference.

About the Role:

The Field Application Manger is a leadership position within the Global Support Team. This role has aspects of "player/Coach" by being the escalation path for their team members while also fulfilling FAS duties temporarily within their region until a replacement has been hired or when training demand outstrips capacity. The activity distribution is approximately 90% management and 10% direct applications support. This role will have direct responsibility for hiring, salary, promotion and focal review, with the review and mentorship of the VP of Global Support and Sales Operations.

What you will be doing:

Leadership:
Participate in the leadership team for support, principally providing feedback on support strategies and planning.
Keep the FAS regional team members appraised of the support strategy and activities.
Accountability for recruitment and screening of candidates for their FAS regions, with additional review activities across the Global Team to ensure team consistency.
Mentor and guide the on-boardng and training of new FAS team members.
Guide the scheduling of FAS members within their regions. Resolve schedule conflicts, and ensure timely customer trainings and on-site support as needed.
Audit and guide timely data capture for reporting purposes.
Travel with and coach FAS team members on training proficiency to make the whole team better.
Support:
Act as an escalation path for issues related to user's technical skills, biochemistry/assay design, experimental design, software and instruments.
Support FAS team members in their presentations at trade shows, seminars and technical symposia. This includes previewing content and evaluating presentation skills and communication clarity of team members.
Create and maintain positive working relationships with customers. Act as an escalation resource for FAS regional team members for difficult situations or customers.
Gather and deliver strategic and competitive customer feedback, communicating customer use cases beyond initial product scope to Marketing and Product Development teams.
To be successful in this role, you must have:
BA/BS with 5 years of experience, MS with 3 years of experience in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Molecular Biology or Genetics considered.
5 years lab experience in molecular biology, biochemistry, genomics or genetics.
3 years of hands-on experience with NGS workflows and data analysis software and/or sorting cytometry and associated analysis software.
Broad knowledge of genomics, biochemistry.
Hands on proficiency with common molecular biology bench techniques.
Ability to work independently and as part of a matrix team towards corporate goals.
Excellent organizational, analytical, and systematic troubleshooting skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills. Outstanding presentation and training skills.
Familiarity with SFDC software. Ability to maintain records for customer sites and provide high level feedback to management.
Clear vision of and commitment to providing outstanding customer service.
Must be willing to travel up to 80%. Ability to manage a large territory.
Multiple language skills are a plus.
Nice to have skills & background:
Ph.D. or equivalent experience preferred
2 years customer facing experience preferred.
Hands on proficiency with common molecular biology bench techniques; cell culture experience preferred.
Single cell laboratory experience is considered a plus.
About 10x Genomics

10x Genomics (NASDAQ: TXG) is building tools for scientific discovery that reveal and address the true complexities of biology and disease. Through a combination of novel microfluidics, chemistry, and bioinformatics, our technology is enabling researchers around the world to more fully understand the mechanisms behind cancer, the immune system, and the fundamentals of biology at the single-cell level. 10x is one of the fastest-growing biotech companies of the decade, growing from $3M in revenue in 2015 to over $200M in 2019, and has backed over 500 scientific publications in the past four years. For more information, visit www.10xgenomics.com.

10x Genomics is headquartered in Pleasanton, with an office by Embarcadero BART in San Francisco.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

#LI-KO1
