Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Position can be located in our Portland, OR offices or Remote from your home office in the U.S.

Your Opportunity


We are the Applied Intelligence Services team. We are a blend of pure engineering (JVM languages) and applied research (Python, Statistical Methods, and Machine Learning).

We are currently working on Proactive Detection - part of our AIOps solution. Our team focuses on detecting and analyzing anomalous behavior. We provide tools to help customers analyze these issues and reduce the mean time to resolution.

Work our team has shipped includes time series dynamic baselines alerting, outlier alerting, NRQL query facet suggestion, Error Profiles, and Proactive Detection.

Our ideal candidate is someone who can strengthen our team with their knowledge and passion of data science and machine learning techniques to build outstanding products that delight our customers.

In addition, we are looking for a mix of proficiencies that will help make our team and product even stronger:
You are excited about collaborating with product managers, product designers and technical support engineers
You have experience working with engineers, product managers, and UX researchers and designers to frame problems within business and product context
You have an attitude and aptitude for learning new technologies
You understand the value of having clear and updated documentation and you have experience maintaining documentation for internal and external customers
You are excited about maintaining a work-life balance that enables you to thrive by using flex time-off, twelve weeks of paid parental leave, and our DataNerds4Good volunteer time off program
What You’ll Do


Our ideal candidate is someone who can help strengthen our team with their statistics and data science skills, and who has a passion for software engineering. In this role you will:
Research, develop, and prototype statistical and data science solutions to model our customers production systems, to detect and help explain unusual behavior
Work collaboratively on a small team of engineers to ship reliable data science and ML solutions at scale
Own our product, from concept to operations. We ship high-quality software and ensure our services are reliable
Your Qualifications


Must-haves:
Applied statistics skills, specifically time series analysis and forecasting.
Knowledge of machine learning techniques and algorithms
Understanding of Computer Science fundamentals
Proficiency with one or more object-oriented programming languages including but not limited to: Java, Python, or C/C++; If you are not already proficient, you should have some basics and be interested in learning Java, Kotlin, and Python, as our products are built with them
Nice-to-haves:
Experience with any of the following:
Scikit-learn, matplotlib
React, TypeScript
Docker, GraphQL
Experience with supporting the products you build 24/7 with DevOps practices
Our Office


Our office is in the center of downtown Portland, situated in a thriving tech community in the Pacific Northwest. We enjoy easy commute access and a plethora of good eats and great coffee. We provide competitive compensation including equity and big-company benefits (medical, dental, etc.)—all while maintaining the energy, agility and fun of a start-up.

About Us


New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is the industry’s largest and most comprehensive cloud-based instrumentation platform built to create more perfect software. The world’s best software and DevOps teams rely on New Relic to move faster, make better decisions and create best-in-class digital experiences. If you run software, you need to run New Relic. We’re proudly trusted by more than 50% of the Fortune 100.

Founded in 2008, we’re a global company focused on building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.

Our Hiring Process


In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers’ means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.

We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/Document/FCO%20Poster%20Set%20All%20Languages%2010%2001%2018.pdf

Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.

New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy

#LI-SP1
