Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
