What do incubators and Spectrum have in common? Well, they’re great for growth, and even better for stability. As an innovative software development and digital marketing company pioneering the field of artificial intelligence, we can offer our newest Data Engineer the best of both words – a high energy, forward-thinking start-up culture, inside of a well-established, profitable, and stable structure of a 3 decade old organization. So, if you’re interested in getting your hands dirty, and leading a small team, all while inciting change into a larger organization with a vision to change the world uses data today, then please read on.

Responsibilities

Beyond working with state of the art technology you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Data Engineer at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat:
Planning query efficient data store schemas with respect to the data requirements of our internal data warehouse
Communicate with data scientists and other software engineers to build proper data pipelines for efficient and cost-effective querying
Develop, construct, test, and maintain architectures with the help and feedback of software engineers
Determine and implement proper data schemas that align with Spectrum’s and Spectrum’s client’s business objectives
Recommend and implement ways to optimize data reliability, efficiency, and quality
Consult and suggest different technologies for our team to test and utilize together
Incorporate the business objectives of key stakeholders in the architecture of our data warehouse
Research new and interesting data acquisition opportunities
Some Characteristics That Define You

We understand that as a Data Engineer for Spectrum, you have many different professional goals and personal interests. As such here are just a few different things that typically define our team members on the Data Science team:
Self-Starter. Building a data warehouse is no simple task. You will need to come in with a self-starter attitude to not only make this data engineering role what you want it to be, but make a stellar and efficient data warehouse while you’re at it.
Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new digital marketing campaigns, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles.
Developer. In the ever changing world of artificial intelligence, it’s not enough just to build models. You bring to the table an eye for data patterns along with a knack for relational database engineering.
Patient. As a data engineer, you know that you work with extremely large data sets on a daily basis. As such we are looking for someone who is not only meticulous, but patient enough to sit and sift through that data in a thorough way.
Creative. Beyond just analyzing data sets, you are an explorer and a puzzle solver. Pulling insights out of your data and understanding how those insights can better shape our tools is something that you live to do.
Student. More so than most industries, the field of data science is always changing and evolving. As such, you are always looking to learn new things and gain new skills.
Required Skills and Experience

On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiencies and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Data Engineer on our team:
A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field
Experience with statistical modeling
1-3 years working experience with Python and/or SAS languages
1-3 years working experience with SQL databases and database querying languages
1-3 years working experience with C#/.NET
Familiarity with Microsoft Azure
Familiarity with Graph database structures
Experience with both RDBMS and TDMS
Experience with data mining and data cleaning
Experience with data visualization and reporting techniques
Written and verbal expression
Benefits

As a Data Engineer at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family:
Comprehensive medical & dental insurance
Retirement planning & company matching
Generous PTO, including sick days & holidays
A state-of-the-art office environment
Nintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket League
Year-round gym memberships
Paid continuing education
Casual dress code
Flexible scheduling
Free-Lunch-Friday
Company sponsored parties and group activities outside of the office
About Us

For the past 25+ years, our mission at Spectrum has always been the same— growth. Whether that be helping our customers find quality new business, developing and challenging our team members, or evolving our products and services with advancements in technology and best practices, we have always been looking towards bettering ourselves for the future. Now as we continue to grow, we find ourselves as not only the nation’s leading digital marketing and software provider for the home services industry, but an innovator and ground-shaker for the world of artificial intelligence as well. From marketing automation software powered by AI, to top notch digital marketing services via those same AI insights, we love what we do and are excited to continue to innovate for the future together.

But don’t just take my word for it. Check out what our team is saying about in real time, and learn why we are a certified Great Place to Work today!
