Job Requisition ID #
20WD40666
Job Title
Senior Data Scientist
Job Description

Senior Data Scientist

Location: San Francisco, CA- United States

Job ID: 20WD40666

Position Overview

Autodesk is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our Data Platform & Insights organization. The organization is chartered with building innovative data products and analytics solutions for Autodesk’s strategy, product, marketing, sales and customer support teams. This critical data scientist role will help us make machine intelligence an integral part of how Autodesk makes decisions and designs and builds its products.

You will work alongside a product development team and apply data mining, analytics and machine learning methods to understanding how customers use, adopt and achieve successful outcomes with our products. The ideal candidate is a strong data scientist who thinks outside the box, is naturally curious, highly collaborative, and has a passion for tackling complex data-centric problems.

Responsibilities

Work on a variety of problems that seek to better understand how customers use their products and what drives deeper adoption and usage of products

Apply your quantitative analysis, data mining and machine learning expertise to building models that make sense of user needs, usage patterns, factors that drive deeper adoption and contribute to subscriber churn

Influence product development, strategy and roadmap prioritization

Design and implement machine learning pipelines that improve Autodesk’s evidence-based decision-making capabilities

Tackle complex problems requiring a creative mindset to find innovative and elegant solutions

Minimum Qualifications
BS/MS/PhD in the fields of: Mathematics, Physical Sciences, Statistics/Analytics, Computer Science, or other relevant fields
Experience working with relational SQL and/or NoSQL databases
Experience working with big data platforms (Hadoop, Spark, Hive)
Fluency with one or more programming language: Python, Java, Scala, etc.
Good understanding of CS fundamentals, e.g. algorithms and data structures
Experience in statistical programming tools such as R, Matlab, SAS, Python data science toolkits, etc.
Experience with data science toolkits like pandas, Jupyter, scikit, TensorFlow, etc.
Familiarity with Statistics concepts and analysis, e.g. hypothesis testing, regression, experimental design, etc.
Familiarity with Machine Learning techniques, e.g. classification, clustering, regularization, optimization, dimension reduction, etc.
Good communication skills and ability to explain complex topics to both technical and non-technical audience as well
At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world. Autodesk is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic. We also consider for employment all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Are you an existing contractor or consultant with Autodesk? Please search for open jobs and apply internally (not on this external site). If you have any questions or require support, contact Autodesk Careers.
