Digital Marketing is a critical part of every consumer journey, but many companies only measure its impact on their digital outcomes. Our focus on enterprise-level optimization at Ovative Group can't be found anywhere else, and our clients are household names that span multiple industries, including retail, healthcare, education, CPG, and hospitality.

The Ovative Group Data Scientist position is an opportunity to take your next career step at a fast-growing company that has the highest standards for talent, fun, and client success. The ideal candidate demonstrates great critical thinking, sophisticated understanding of the data science landscape, familiarity with the marketing ecosystem and phenomenal communication skills. They are excited to play a pivotal role in helping Ovative continue our journey towards measuring and optimizing against the true enterprise impact of marketing dollars, and ultimately unlocking powerful business results for our clients.

Responsibilities of a Data Scientist
Design, develop and deploy predictive analytics solutions (60%)
Build machine learning components of our best-in-class measurement & attribution product, and partner with our Data Engineering group to move those components into production.
Work with internal business teams to create & enhance the technical foundation of product offerings across our entire organization
Execute & communicate client-specific analyses (40%)
Leverage & improve our in-market A/B testing methodology and share key results with internal & external stakeholders.
Drive ad hoc analytics work including hierarchical clustering, trend analysis and related tasks.
Requirements
2-5 years of data science/analytics experience with a clear history of technical project success
Demonstrated ability to understand client needs, identify solutions (and their potential impacts) and present recommendations to internal or external stakeholders.
Expertise in both supervised & unsupervised machine learning techniques, as well as the overall model development cycle
Capability to drive both technical and business aspects of a project, including requirements gathering and stakeholder communication
Fluent in R (tidyverse) or Python (Pandas/Numpy)
Foundational understanding of software development & engineering principles (git, Pull Requests, testing, etc)
Thorough understanding of statistics, including hypothesis testing, parametric & non-parametric distributions, etc
Preferred qualifications: Media Mix Modeling, Bayesian statistics, Stan programming, Prior focus on digital marketing analytics
Benefits of working at Ovative Group

We provide strong, competitive, holistic benefits that understand the importance of your life inside and out of work

Culture:

Culture matters and we've been recognized as a Top Workplace three-years running because of it. We demand trust and transparency from each other. We believe in doing the hard and complicated work others put off. We're open in communication and floor plan. We're flat our interns sit next to VPs, our analysts work closely with senior leaders, and our CEO interacts with every single person daily. Put together, these elements help foster an environment where smart people can support each other in performing to their highest potential.

Compensation and insurance:

We strive to hire and retain the best talent in the Twin Cities. Paying fair, competitive compensation, with a large bonus incentive, and phenomenal health insurance is an important part of this mix. We're rewarded fairly and when the company performs well, we all benefit.

Tangible amenities we enjoy:
Flexible paid vacation policy
401k match program
Free parking and on-site fitness center with locker rooms
Sabbatical program
Charitable giving via our time and a financial match program
Shenanigan's day
Working at Ovative won't be easy, but if you like getting your hands dirty, driving results, and being surrounded by the best talent, it'll be the most rewarding job you'll ever have. If you think you can make us better, we want to hear from you!

SDL2017
