Overview


Envision Physician Services is a multispecialty physician group and practice management company. Established in 1953, our organization provides anesthesia, emergency medicine, hospital medicine, radiology, primary/urgent care, surgical services, and women’s and children’s health services to hospitals and health systems nationwide. Sheridan Healthcare, EmCare, Reimbursement Technologies and Emergency Medical Associates have recently joined forces to form Envision Physician Services. As one organization, we now provide a greater scope of service than any other national physician group. Our collective experience from hundreds of local, customized engagements, culture of continuous lean process improvement, and team of experts in the business of healthcare enable us to better solve complex problems and consistently give healthcare organizations confidence in our execution. Our combined organization serves more than 780 healthcare facilities in 48 states and the District of Columbia.

If you are looking for a stable, fast-paced, growing company in the healthcare industry that is committed to innovation, excellence and integrity, then this may be a great next step in the advancement of your career.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist located in Nashville, TN.

The Data Scientist focuses on understanding internal and external stakeholder’s strategic business objectives, relating those objectives to measurable indicators, and working with other members of the team to deliver analytic products and services, creating insights and strategies to promote continuous performance improvements for the enterprise.

Responsibilities
Solve key business challenges through leading edge data analytics, predictive modeling and customer insights.
Deliver data and insights to business partners enabling the best decisions possible to drive revenue growth, care delivery, and patient and physician outcomes and satisfaction.
Understand use cases with business stakeholders across the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging internal and external data to drive business solutions.
Develop and execute predictive and prescriptive modeling projects prompted by business needs.
Build unstructured data applications including NLP, pattern sensing and classification and data-mining algorithms.
Prepare and present visualizations and stories that make it easy for everyone to understand, trust, and make decisions with the results.
Coordinate with cross-functional teams to implement models into production and monitor outcomes.
Use automation tools to validate and continually prove the effectiveness of predictive and prescriptive models.
Maintain cutting edge knowledge of the Data Science field by researching new techniques and best practices within the industry.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or Computer Science from an accredited university or college. Minimum three (3) years of cloud and big data technologies work experience. Healthcare experience preferred.

Computer Skills:

Knowledge and experience with the following:
New and emerging data and analytics technologies (i.e. Hadoop, Spark, Elastic, AWS, etc.)
Cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud
Unstructured data (such as text, tensors, or embedding objects)
Machine learning techniques including clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks
Big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandr
AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
Analytic tools analytic tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, Alteryx, etc.
Message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores
Mathematical Skills:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, decimals and percentages.

Language Skills:

Ability to understand, read, write and speak English. Ability to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures or governmental regulations. Ability to successfully write business correspondence. Ability to effectively present information, respond to questions and professionally interact with managers, employees, clients, vendors and the general public. An ability to communicate complex and technical issues to diverse audiences, orally and in writing, in an easily-understood and actionable manner.

Reasoning Ability:

Ability to recognize and define problems, collect data, establish facts, draw valid conclusions and correct errors. Ability to make decisions weighing relative costs and benefits of potential actions. Ability to understand and interpret basic financial data. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions in a variety of forms and deal with abstract and concrete variables.

Other Qualifications:

Must be able to handle multiple, simultaneous tasks effectively and efficiently while maintaining a professional, courteous manner. Must be able to work well with and influence others. Strong verbal and written communication skills required. Must be detail oriented and organized. High integrity, including maintenance of confidential information. Must be able to exercise good judgment and positively influence and lead others, including handling confrontations with poise and efficiency. Based on business need, the ability to work a flexible schedule, including some evenings and weekends as approved in advance.

We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes full Medical, Dental and Vision benefits effective on your first day of employment. A company matching 401 K, tuition reimbursement, company paid Life Insurance and Long-term Disability, as well as generous PTO and Paid Holidays

If you are ready to join an exciting, progressive company and have a strong work ethic, join our team of experts! We offer a highly competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package.

Envision Physician Services uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visitwww.dhs.gov/E-Verify

Envision Physician Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
