US Citizenship Required and (TS/SCI with FSP or CI) Required

Job Description:
Excited about data? Take action with it.

As a Phoenix Data Scientist, you'll be part of a team with access to tons of real mission and that takes action on it. You will not be simply designing algorithms or analyzing theoretical use cases. You'll be using languages like R, Python and Scala to glean actionable insights and build tangible capabilities.

On a typical day as a Phoenix Data Scientist, you'll collaborate with both engineers and mission SMEs (e.g. Cybersecurity or SIGINT analysts) to process mass amounts of data. You'll implement (not just design) neural networks, Bayesian models and other Machine Learning techniques to address mission needs.

Make a difference today.
Skills Required:
Python or Scala
Experience in a Linux environment
Comfortable with very large data sets
Skills Preferred:
R, Rstudio, Shiny
Apache Spark
Machine Learning
Neural Networks
Artificial Intelligence
Predictive Modeling
Qualifications:
US Citizenship Required
Security Clearance (TS/SCI) Required
Some positions require FSP
Bachelors Degree in Math, Science or Engineering

Benefits Offered:
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance - 100% Company Paid Premiums
STD, LTD, and Life Insurance - 100% Company paid
401K Automatic 10% company contribution; no matching required
PTO - 4 weeks/year
Holidays - 10 paid/year
Birthdays off with pay
Referral Bonuses Upfront AND Annually Recurring
Open Source Bonuses Contribute to our Github projects
Professional Development Paid training, Certifications and Enrichment
ABOUT PHOENIX OPERATIONS GROUP:
Phoenix Operations Group is a high-end engineering services company dedicated to protecting and advancing our national cyber resources. As a small start-up operating out of the Baltimore/Washington DC area, we rely on innovation to continually advance our employees' skills and provide game-changing solutions to our customers.

Our technical competencies include Big Data analytics (batch and streaming), Cloud Computing infrastructure, multi-INT visualization, and enterprise architectures. We support operational missions (All-Source, Financial, CND) and serve as Product Owners for our open-source research initiatives.

Please visit us at http://www.phoenix-opsgroup.com for more information.

Phoenix Operations Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Phoenix Operations Group does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
