Role Overview:

Looking for data scientists that will help us discover and leverage digital retail data to help our clients drive top line sales and add meaningful value to their businesses. Primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated into our various platforms. In addition, applying advanced machine learning techniques where appropriately to improve performance of the Decision Science solutions.

Key Accountabilities:
Own data science projects through full cycle implementation
Perform analysis to predict outcomes based on business questions/problems
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis including normalization, standardization, PCA, correlation, data wrangling, etc.
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods including but not limited to K-means, kNN, Neural Networks, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Logistic Regression, Linear/Multiple Regression, etc
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Market Mix Models
Quantify what drove sales changes looking at metrics such as Average Selling Price, Out of Stock, Coupons, Discounts, Media attributed clicks, etc.
Utilize results to help our clients make better investment choices to drive incremental sales
Integrate models into our internal dashboard to visualize and make output of models easily accessible
Media Analytics
Participate in media innovation groups to test and learn new ways of setting up and running media campaigns on Amazon (AMS, AAP), and other online retailers including but not limited to Instacart, Walmart, Target, Kroger, Shipt, etc.
Develop and test models to move from manual and rule-based campaign management to programmatic campaign management
Hypothesis Testing
Perform hypothesis testing to better understand data sets and comparison of data sets.
The following tests might include but are not limited to Normality Testing, T-Test, Chi-Square Test, ANOVA, HOV, etc.
Coach team members less experience in the field of ML
Skills, Experience, Qualifications Required:
We’re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Experience with programmatic media, Google ads, Facebook Advertising, etc. is a plus
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. Excellence in at least R or Python is highly desirable
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, Tableau, etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams
What we offer:
Our benefits package incorporates what we’re passionate about – unlocking your future, overall well-being, and sustainability – whilst giving you control over your benefits.
Unlimited Paid Time Off
401K – Saving Incentive plan
Medical and Dental Insurance plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
Vision benefits
Great learning and development opportunities
Life Assurance and Disability insurance
Option to opt into the Ascential Shares Scheme
About Flywheel

Flywheel Digital is a diverse collection of practitioners who have solved the most challenging problems for numerous Fortune 500 companies on Amazon. We love rolling up our sleeves to figure out the root cause of issues and implement structural fixes to get and keep our client's business on track. Our team of business managers, search managers, analysts, and software developers work together to provide industry-leading support to the best brands on Amazon. Flywheel are headquartered in Baltimore in the United States and have recently set up a European hub in London. In 2018 Flywheel was acquired by Ascential PLC.

Want more info?

Find out more on what our people say:

Ascential YouTube Channel

If we inspire you, why not join and inspire us?
