C.I. Polygraph
ISYS Technologies delivers emerging technology solutions through our diverse and talented employees who are dedicated to our customers’ success. We empower our teams, contribute to our country and operate responsibly. We are a reputable award-winning WOSB providing Engineering and Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) services to the Federal government. Headquartered in Colorado, ISYS serves key national customers throughout the United States with a presence in more than 16 states.

Functional Responsibilities:
ISYS Technologies is seeking a Data Scientist

Clearance:
TS/SCI with CI Poly

Experience Requirements:
Senior skill level
5+ (Senior) years of related experience
Working knowledge of individual, organizational, technological, or transnational issues of national security concern
Prior experience with the IC and methodological experience in relationships and discovery, situational awareness, or systems modeling
Working knowledge of appropriate analytic methods and methodological tools in 2 (Senior) of a. Applied mathematics b. Computer programming c. Visualization
Working knowledge of Python and some of SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C/C++, Git, Bash, Tableau, ArcGIS, Unix commands
Working knowledge of research designs, collection methods, capabilities, and tasking process
Familiarity with project management concepts and principles
Intellectual curiosity; creativity and innovation to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to complex problems
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Ability to leverage multiple data management tools to organize relevant information and make decisions
Ability to develop comprehensive software applications, as needed
Ability to translate complex, technical findings into an easily understood narrative in graphical, verbal, or written form
Ability to multitask and change focus quickly as demands change
Ability work collaboratively and effectively in a team environment
Ability to establish and maintain internal and external professional networks including subject matter experts, collectors, and decision makers that are necessary to carry out tasks or projects
Essential Requirements:
US Citizenship is required.
ISYS Technologies is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected Veteran status, or disability status.
Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job with or without reasonable accommodation.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee will regularly sit, walk, stand and climb stairs and steps. May require walking long distance from parking to work station. Occasionally, movement that requires twisting at the neck and/or trunk more than the average person, squatting/ stooping/kneeling, reaching above the head, and forward motion will be required. The employee will continuously be required to repeat the same hand, arm, or finger motion many times. Manual and finger dexterity are essential to this position. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance, depth perception and telling differences among colors. The employee must be able to communicate through speech with clients and public. Hearing requirements include conversation in both quiet and noisy environments. Lifting may require floor to waist, waist to shoulder, or shoulder to overhead movement of up to 20 pounds. This position demands tolerance for various levels of mental stress.
ISYS Technologies is an Engineering and Information Technology Company focused on providing Services to the Federal and State Government. ISYS offers a competitive compensation program and comprehensive benefits package to our employees.
