Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.
Job Description:
Novetta is currently seeking an experienced TS SCI Data Scientists to fill an immediate opening located in Fort Belvoir, VA. The selected candidate should have extensive experience in a relative field such as quantitative methods, statistics, or analytic methodologies.
Basic Qualifications:
Automation: Experience automating data movement from point of ingest to serve the application vice manual load across the entire data pipeline.
Security: Require PKI level access to the application, and force filtering of available data based upon user PKIs.
Scaling: Experience scaling applications and databases in a containerized format.
Discovery: The selected candidate should be able to take-in data and provide holistic picture of the identity and relationships of each service member within the database.
Conditioning: Candidate should be able to use automated processes, and join datasets in a coherent manner.
Desired Skills:
Streaming device metadata understanding: understand how to log and capture streaming device metadata
Modeling familiarity: ability to understand how to optimize datasets for use in computational models.
Network & Transport understanding: Should have an awareness of network architecture and ensuring low-latency database hookups and calls.
Graph Indexing: ability to develop logical connections between disparate data via indexing in an efficient manner, and building/understanding graph algorithms to maximize value of retained data.
AWS familiarity: ability to use and manage AWS instances as well as coding lambda functions (etc) to minimize expenditure while maximizing throughput.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI security clearance required.
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.
Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.
Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:
Integrity
We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.
Customer Success
We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.
Employee Focus
We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.
Innovation
We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.
Excellence in Execution
We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.
Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details, or to submit a referral:

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
