Criterion Systems seeks a Data Scientist to support our McLean, VA customer. Responsibilities include working directly with the Customer and other stakeholders to establish working data sets, configurations, and profiles to support metrics analysis. In addition,you will also be responsible for design and implementation of advanced design configurations for complex datasets. As part of your task, you will compile data analysis and reporting needs using deployed tools, and collaborate closely with the Customer and other stakeholders to stay current/abreast of changes with current enterprise metadata collection tools.

Demonstrated experience using the scripting language, Python.
Demonstrated experience with analytic methods and methodological tools in one or more of the following areas: applied mathematics, probability and statistics, and data modeling.
Demonstrated experience using Microsoft Excel for data manipulation, using formulas, look ups, pivot tables.
Demonstrated experience with SQL in Oracle.
Demonstrated experience translating complex, technical findings into a narrative (i.e. tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form).
Demonstrated experience working with diverse data types.
Demonstrated experience with version control systems, such as GitHub.
Demonstrated knowledge or experience with data science techniques or formal data science training.
Must have an active TS/ISSA clearance walking in the door - No Exceptions.
US Citizenship required.

Demonstrated experience with developing data visualizations.
Demonstrated experience with creative problem solving skills to address procedural and administrative issues within the assigned problem set.
Demonstrated experience with web analytics processing and procedures.
Demonstrated familiarity with Amazon Web Services infrastructure and its native data science capabilities.
Criterion Systems, Inc. is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination at all levels of our organization. We believe in treating all applicants and employees fairly and make employment decisions without regard to any individual’s protected status: race, ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, creed, sex/gender, gender identify/gender expression, sexual orientation, physical and mental disability, marital/parental status, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, and related medical conditions), age, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit https://careers-criterion-sys.icims.com/.
