Summary

We’re looking for a data scientist to drive our data science and analytics group forward! You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists and analysts looking to make a difference to the company by designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities from the ground up!
As a data scientist, you’ll work collaboratively with our business, operations, analytics, and IT teams. You’ll be responsible for analyzing our data and executing projects that will inform our business strategy and embed into our data products.

Our ideal candidate is excited to join our fast-paced culture and is excited to contribute to our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Dig into our data to find leverage in our business. This includes data wrangling, data cleaning, and exploratory analysis
Execute new projects and develop predictive models that inform our data products and / or business strategy.
Work cross functionally with different stakeholders across the business and join meetings to learn about other parts of the company
Act as a subject matter expert with all things data
What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
2 years of experience in a data science role, building predictive algorithms and data products ideally related to marketing, business operations, or customer retention
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms such as decision forests, logistic regression, k-means clustering, etc.
Ability to communicate findings clearly and deep understanding of your current business
Excellent technical ability, including proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Experience with big data platform (i.e. Hadoop)
Intensely curious – always asking questions and not being OK with the status quo. Obsessed with making things better and more efficient.
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective and follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data.
Strong organizational skills including time management
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
BS/MS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets
