Description
Are you passionate about customer success?

Caterpillar provides services to our customers far beyond the initial equipment sale. We leverage connected equipment and our decades of application expertise to enhance customer performance. Caterpillar's Global Aftermarket Services Division (GASD) exists to support enterprise efforts to deliver value-added services to customers. By enhancing customer value, Caterpillar and our dealers create the opportunity to profitably grow our businesses while reducing the impact of market cycles.
Services is where we are investing our time, talent and money because they drive value for our customers, our company and our dealers. If you have a passion for helping customers succeed and want to be part of growing services, now is a great time to join GASD.
JOB PURPOSE:
The Insight Group is Hiring! We need a Business Data Analyst! Will you embrace that challenge?

The Insight Group mission is to deliver powerful insights to our key internal customers: GASD Sales & Services departments and Enterprise Key customers in order to facilitate strategic decisions.

JOB DUTIES:
At the Interface of Business, Analytics and Data engineering, the Business Data Analyst is a key player to connect these three worlds together.

The Business Data Analyst main mission is to answer strategic business questions from internal customers using various datasets, digging into the data lake, creating meaningful presentations and charts to drive fact-based strategic decisions.

Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:
1. Insights creation to drive various groups to make data-driven decisions: this will include all Aftermarket data lake and beyond
2. Analytics support of key strategic projects
3. Key customer support and quick insight deliveries on time
4. Gain extensive knowledge of the aftermarket data lake and business knowledge in order to answer business question of our key internal customers
5. Coordination with Data Engineering & BI Team to productionize insights to the industry standards
6. Analytics tools users support and training
7. Thorough work documentation according to the team standards
The Business Data Analyst demonstrates very good communication skills, being able to explain conclusions to customers with limited knowledge and experience with data but at the same being able to talk with Data Engineers on some technical details.

Additionally, he or she should also exhibit strong planning and organization, proactivity, and a comprehensive knowledge of Caterpillar Inc., its products and services; its internal systems, processes, and procedures; and the external environment in which it competes.

If you:
1. Like working in a challenging yet rewarding analytical international environment
2. Truly believe that data can be translated into valuable and monetized insights
3. Like helping internal customers beyond initial requirements
4. Want to grow and acquire new skills

Do not hesitate to apply!

Qualifications
Basic Requirements:
1. Bachelor degree
2. 2+ years of Excel Advanced usage (Expert level – Pivot tables, Macros)
3. 2+ years of SQL knowledge and database
4. 2+ years of Powerpoint/ Visualization tools
5. 3+ years in business analytics based roles within a business unit or dealer exposure

Top Candidates Will Also Have:
1. Track record of getting things done
2. Fast learner
3. Excellent analytical skills: ability to interpret data to solve business issues & vulgarize results for a large and diverse audience
4. Ability to manipulate data and create meaningful charts (visualization) which are understandable to the Business
5. Excellent Excel & PowerPoint skills
6. Willingness to do the extra mile to satisfy customers
7. Ability to ask the right questions when customers are not sure about their needs and wanted outcomes
8. Ability to translate business requirements to a Data Engineer
9. Ability to dig into a data lake and found answers for customers
10. Ability to work independently and reach out in a timely and relevant manner
11. Good communication & presentation skills
12. Ability to influence other groups and teams
13. Aftermarket understanding
14. Basic programming skills – SQL basic level
15. Ability to be autonomous in a database environment
16. Ability to manage project from A to Z in an independent manner and to prioritize tasks
17. Ability to validate thoroughly results while delivering in time
18. Alteryx, Tableau, Excel & Powerpoint expert level - any data visualization software
19. SQL advanced knowledge, basic programming skills in any language
20. Prime Product knowledge, Component Product knowledge, Dealer network knowledge
21. Project management – Agile methodology
22. External experience as an Analyst for a Consulting company
23. 2-6 years experience with Caterpillar, working with a different unit or working with different products, processes or systems is desirable.
24. Professional English, Any other European language – French/ Spanish

Additional Information:

Relocation assistance is not available for this position
Travel requirement is 10% or less

This employer is not currently hiring foreign national applicants that require or will require sponsorship tied to a specific employer, such as H, L, TN, F, J, E, O. As a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website www.Caterpillar.com/careers.

EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals - including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities - are encouraged to apply.
]]>
