Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

The Petcare Segment consists of five Divisions: Pet Nutrition, Royal Canin, Mars Veterinary Health N. America, Mars Veterinary Health International & Diagnostics, Kinship. Under this new organization of Petcare Product and Service brands, we launched our Strategy in 2018 with an objective to “Create a Better World for Pets by extending global leadership in Nutrition, Health and Services powered by Data”.

With the breadth and scale of our Petcare businesses we have unique and unrivalled data assets. The potential to create benefits for Pets and sustainable competitive advantage is huge and we need to seize this opportunity now. Our data assets consist of Veterinary data including appointment and invoice details as well as the medical histories and diagnostic details this provides. We have breed and disease marker data from our DNA diagnostics business (Wisdom Health), Location and Activity Tracking data from our Whistle business. From our nutrition businesses we have sales data, some consumer data as well as valuable information about retailers, Veterinarians, Breeders and Shelters. We also have third party data providing us with product purchasing insights and the potential to develop deeper and broader views into Petcare shopping through collaboration and D2C engagement. We began our work to leverage these more strategically to power our ecosystem in 2018 and there is a core team at the Petcare level incubating and guiding these efforts.

Role Purpose:

To deliver on this ambition of a Powered by Data strategy we need talent with expertise and experience of data science and advanced analytics to deliver the multiple initiatives and join the change in data and pet- and pet-centric thinking across the entire Mars Petcare business
The purpose of this role is to join the data science function in the US and to deliver the Powered By Data project across Mars Petcare divisions using the ecosystem of data available.

We are searching for an experienced Analytics professional to join the US analytics and data science function; to help deliver the ecosystem analytics roadmap across all divisions in the US; working closely with the division stakeholders in managing and delivering projects; working with global teams to identify and implement efficient delivery of the vision; and, to articulate the strategic opportunities of a pet-centric analytics driven strategy.

The primary responsibilities are:
Apply data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Use machine learning techniques, visualizations, & statistical analysis to gain insight into various data sets – some readily available, and some you create and curate yourself
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and Pet/Pet Owner behavior
What we are looking for:
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Rich experience in working with data and deliver business-changing analytics, data science and marketing personalization
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
Superior planning, project management and organizational orchestration skills
Also desirable:
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. Azure, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how models and systems work to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
