Position Description:

Want to make a difference in our world. Mathematica applies expertise at the intersection of data, methods, policy, and practice to improve well-being around the world. We collaborate closely with public- and private-sector partners to translate big questions into deep insights that improve programs, refine strategies, and enhance understanding. Our work yields actionable information to guide decisions in wide-ranging policy areas, from health, education, early childhood, and family support to nutrition, employment, disability, and international development.

We are looking for aData Scientist in our Washington DC office. Data scientists lead data processing and analysis tasks, such as monitoring data quality, developing documentation, applying statistical and data science methods, and creating data visualizations. Data scientists are expected to work on multi-disciplinary teams, overseeing and mentoring junior data scientists. The work of our data scientists supports our company's core offerings in program evaluation and data analytics, which yield crucial evidence and information for policy and decision makers.

Data scientists contribute throughout the course of a project on tasks such as the following:
Leading multidisciplinary teams to answer research questions or build solutions that involve linking health or healthcare data (e.g., Medicare claims or HCUP) to other administrative data (e.g., Hospital Compare files)
Designing, planning, and overseeing the data science workflow on tasks and projects, involving descriptive statistics, machine learning or statistical analysis, data visualizations, and diagnostics using programming languages such as R or Python
Communicating results to collaborative project teams using data visualizations and presentations using tools such as Markdown (e.g., R Markdown), notebooks (e.g., Jupyter or Databricks), or interactive visualizations (e.g., R Shiny or Dash).
Developing and implementing systems to ingest, process, and manage datasets
Developing and maintaining documentation using Atlassian Confluence and Jira
Implementing quality assurance practices such as version control and testing
Leading or supporting proposal sections or applications

Position Requirements:
Demonstrated enthusiasm for applying data science and statistics to social impact projects in academic, extra-curricular, and/or professional settings
An excellent academic record, including courses in subjects such as statistics, data science, math, computer science, and/or social science, and the following credentials:
PhD, or 3+ years of experience in a social policy field post Masters or immersive bootcamp (e.g., Metis)
Mastery of R or Python to manipulate data, conduct analyses, and create data visualizations
Ability and desire to work independently as part of remote, interdisciplinary teams
Ability and desire to mentor junior data scientists and contribute to Mathematicas growing health data science community of 50+ staff
Ability to version code using Git
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Nice-to-have Skills:

Experience with reproducible research principles, interactive visualizations, tidyverse, AWS, Google Cloud Platform, R Shiny, R Markdown, pandas, healthcare claims and administrative data (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid, electronic health records, all-payer claims databases, HCUP), and/or scikit-learn.

Please submit a cover letter, resume, and salary expectations. You will be asked to attach these materials during the online application process. Please click the "Apply Now" icon after the Position Description to attach your documents. Letter of recommendations not expected or required.

Mathematica offers our employees competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, as well as the advantages of being 100 percent employee-owned. As an employee stock owner, you will experience financial benefits of ESOP holdings that have increased in tandem with the companys growth and financial strength. You will also be part of an independent, employee-owned firm that is able to define and further our mission, enhance our quality and accountability, and steadily grow our financial strength.

Various federal agencies with whom we contract require that staff successfully undergo a background investigation or security clearance as a condition of working on the project. If you are assigned to such a project, you will be required to obtain the requisite security clearance.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
