Read what people are saying about working here. 

$4,372 - $10,478 a month

Part-time

(Job #19-07) Analyst/Programmer-12-Career, Data Scientist, $4,372-10,478/month. Appointments are typically made at the beginning of the salary range. This is a full-time, 12-month pay plan, exempt, permanent position with a one-year probationary period in the Office of Institutional Effectiveness. This position comes with an extensive benefits package that includes comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage, CalPERS retirement, Fee Waiver eligibility (reduced tuition on most CSU system classes), life insurance, and voluntary pre-tax health and dependent care reimbursement accounts. Additional benefits information can be found at https://hraps.humboldt.edu/employee-benefits.

Position Summary: The Office of Institutional Effectiveness (OIE) is responsible for the official collection, analysis, and reporting of institutional data on topics such as enrollment, retention and graduation rates and time to degree, faculty and staff characteristics, instructional and programmatic costs and productivity, financial peer comparisons, and other data for the purpose of providing accurate information to support transparent, evidence-based planning and decision making and a culture of assessment. Reporting to the Associate Vice President for Institutional Effectiveness, the Data Scientist collects, maintains, and analyzes the data needed to support evidence-based decision making by University administrators. This job utilizes broad knowledge of database structures, higher education data, and University practices. It requires the ability to create computer programs, synthesize data from a variety of sources, create and maintain relational and dimensional databases, and troubleshoot a variety of complex problems. The incumbent must be able to work independently as well as collaborate with other OIE staff and data knowledge experts from around campus.

Duties: The Office of Institutional Effectiveness at Humboldt State University seeks a dynamic, collaborative, and organized individual to help fulfill its agenda. The duties of this position include, but are not limited to:

Responsible for the continued maintenance, development, and expansion of the Office’s Strategic Data Repository (SDR) including creating the data structures and programming tools needed to extract, translate, load, and retrieve information

-Create and maintain an ETL process, data extracts, and web reporting and associated statistical analyses, including short- and long-term enrollment projections

Summarize and present data from the SDR and build models that project and interpret University data

Work with other OIE staff and offices around campus to identify and extract data needed to support their efforts to make data-driven decisions

Minimum Qualifications: (1) A basic foundation of knowledge and skills in technical information systems and application program packages, including a working knowledge of common software application packages, equipment platforms, reference database systems and sources, and training methods and a basic understanding of networks, data communication, and multimedia systems. This basic foundation may be obtained through EITHER a bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, educational technology, communications, or related fields, OR similar certified coursework in applicable fields of study. Ability to (2) demonstrate competence in independently applying technical judgment to standard and nonstandard applications and systems, solving a wide range of problems and developing practicable and thorough solutions, and (3) effective communication and listening skills.

Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Working knowledge of:

Relational and dimensional database models

Oracle SQL+, PL/SQL

Skills:

Manipulating data from a variety of sources

Troubleshooting a variety of technical problems

Ability to:

Operate Windows and UNIX operating systems

Design data structures to maximize efficiency and flexibility

Develop and maintain systems in a combined PC/Unix environment that includes MS Access, Excel, Oracle, shell scripting, and web publishing and knowledge of Oracle SQL+, PL/SQL

Master new computer languages and systems

Develop statistical models to study enrollment trends and create projections predicting future enrollment

Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, including technical documentation

Provide summaries and descriptions of analyses tailored for a non-statistical audience

Demonstrate a passion for public, higher education and its mission

Support and demonstrate a commitment to diversity and inclusion

Be wholly committed to student success

Establish and maintain effective working relationships with staff, faculty and students from diverse backgrounds.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with University business practices, including recruiting, admissions, registration, financial aid, student support, human resources, and finance

Obtained advanced degree or one in progress which includes studies in Mathematics or Statistics

Application Procedure: To apply, qualified candidates must electronically submit the following materials via Interfolio (link below):

Letter of Interest

Resume or Curriculum Vitae

Contact information for at least three professional references

HSU Employment History Form (HSU Employment History Form: https://forms.humboldt.edu/employment-history-form)

CLICK HERE TO APPLY NOW: http://apply.interfolio.com/60257

(NOTE: Download the HSU Employment History Form and save it as a PDF file prior to filling it out. If the form is filled out on line (accessed via a web browser), content WILL NOT be saved).

Application Deadline: The deadline to submit application materials is 11:59 p.m. on Thursday, February 21, 2019. To be notified in the event this recruitment re-opens for a subsequent review of applications, send an email to careers@humboldt.edu that includes the job number (19-07) and applicant’s last name in the subject line of the message.

HSU is committed to enriching its educational environment and its culture through the diversity of its staff, faculty, and administration. Persons with interest and experience in helping organizations set and achieve goals relative to diversity and inclusion are especially encouraged to apply.

It is the responsibility of the applicant to provide complete and accurate employment information. Incorrect or improperly completed applications will not be considered for vacancies. Any reference in this announcement to required periods of experience or education is full-time activity. Part-time experience or education-or activities only part of which are qualifying-will receive proportionate credit. In accordance with applicable Collective Bargaining Agreements, preference may be given to the campus applicants covered by these agreements. However, positions are open to all interested applicants, both on and off campus.

Evidence of required degree(s), certification(s), or license(s) is required prior to the appointment date. A background check (including a criminal records check, employment verification, and education verification) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Certain positions may also require a credit check, motor vehicle report, and/or fingerprinting through Live Scan service. Adverse findings from a background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.

Humboldt State University is committed to achieving the goals of equal opportunity and endeavors to employ faculty and staff of the highest quality reflecting the ethnic and cultural diversity of the state. Additional information about Humboldt State University can be found at www.humboldt.edu.

Humboldt State University is a Title IX/Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected status.

Compliance with the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act (CANRA) and CSU Executive Order 1083 Revised July 21, 2017 (EO 1083) is a condition of employment. CSU employees in positions with duties that involve regular contact with children or positions which supervise such employees are designated as Mandated Reporters under CANRA and are required to comply with the requirements set forth in EO 1083. Upon appointment to this position, the successful candidate(s) will be notified of and required to acknowledge their CANRA reporting status.

Additionally, all CSU staff and faculty receive training annually on their obligations in responding to and reporting incidents of sexual harassment and sexual violence. You will be notified by email when you are required to take this mandated training.
 The California State University offers unlimited opportunities to help students fulfill their personal and professional goals. 

At our...
