About us

HDAI is an entrepreneurial company developing and commercializing proprietary quantitative solutions to capture, integrate and interpret healthcare data to improve decisions and outcomes. We specialize in transforming this data into actionable information for clients across a broad array of industries and applications. HDAI is located in Dedham, MA near the Commuter Rail (25 minutes from Back Bay and South Station) and I-95/128.

Job Description

The Data Scientist will be responsible for analytical research utilizing multiple sources of healthcare data to enable the design and development of data-driven analysis and evaluation of predictive models. Given a research question, the Data Scientist will formulate and execute an approach to derive results utilizing data mining, mathematical analytics and statistically modeling as appropriate. Typical questions to be addressed include predicting outcomes for individual subjects (e.g., survival curves, probabilities of future outcomes), analyzing an impact of an intervention, estimating relative risks of predictive variables, and estimating costs associated with health care. The Data Scientist may also present the key analytic findings to our team or collaborators and may support publications of results.

This full-time position reports to the Chief Scientist/VP of Research. Minimal travel is anticipated.

Specific daily duties

Conduct Outcomes Research on large datasets from managed care and other populations.

Write code, extract data, build datasets for analysis, conduct statistical analyses, create predictive models, tabulate/annotate results, summarize findings.

Based on results of one’s work, refine the analytical approach and iterate analyses as needed to adequately address hypotheses or questions posed to the data.

Prepare results for presentations, collaborators or publication (as needed).

other responsibilities

Provide support to project leaders regarding study design and approaches for analyzing or modeling data as needed.

Support other research, software coding, IP development and marketing projects as required.

Compensation

Competitive base salary; bonus and equity opportunity

Required Expertise

5+ years of experience conducting analytical/outcomes research

Expertise in at least one statistical software package (SAS, R, SPSS)

Extensive knowledge of statistical and mathematical modeling techniques

Working expertise with relational datasets and database management software (e.g., SQL)

Strong command of verbal and written English

Outstanding critical thinking and attention to detail

Time management skills to complete work within allocated time frames

preferred Expertise

Candidates with familiarity with clinical and medical terminology are highly preferred

Familiarity with actuarial tables and cost modeling preferred

Familiarity with administrative claims or other patient level data

Working knowledge of Software coding (Matlab, C, C++ or C#, Python, R)

Familiarity of using Microsoft Applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Familiarity of Artificial Intelligence (AI) approaches to data mining and analysis of Big Data

Preferred Education

Bachelor’s Degree (minimum) in the field of Statistics, Mathematics, Financial Modeling, or Engineering or related field.

EO Statement

HDAI is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

Send resume to

Katelyn Bianculli - katelyn.bianculli@HDA-Institute.com.
