UserTesting enables companies to put their customers at the center of every business decision by leveraging the power of human insights. The most advanced on-demand customer insights platform, UserTesting enables product managers, UX researchers and designers, marketers, and digital executives to connect with their exact target customer in a matter of hours and uncover actionable insights that drive ROI. More than 35,000 companies have adopted UserTesting to make smarter business decisions throughout the design and development of their digital experiences as well as in their marketing messaging and competitive positioning.

Job Description

In this player-coach role as Lead Data Scientist , you will take a leadership position on our growing team of quantitative and qualitative researchers using a vast array of techniques for exploring the product experience and helping teams make fast decisions to deliver customer value. In addition to mentoring and supporting a team of Data Scientists, you will apply statistical models and analytics to inform product tactics and strategy. Integral to the role is your curiosity, deep analytic instinct, and your ability to design, create, implement, synthesize, and communicate quantitative research using a variety of data, and to bring along teammates doing the same. You'll have an opportunity to interact directly with our Product, Design, and Business leadership teams to surface critical topics, identify innovative practices, and develop high-impact solutions that advance the state-of-the-art in User Experience research.

Responsibilities

Mentor and coach a growing team of Data Scientist, either directly as a people manager or as a lead growing into a management position

Lead the development of metrics and KPIs across all UserTesting products

Drive a culture of data-informed decision making across the product team, enabling our product team to move quickly and confidently in development

Actively maintain close relationship with other product leaders in User Experience Research Product, Design, Engineering, Marketing and Customer Success

Prioritize quantitative research projects and statistical modeling to inform new product directions and strategy

Invest in data infrastructure to enable Data Science at scale

Communicate analyses and results to Product and company leadership

Qualifications

Strong working knowledge of research methodology and statistical techniques including experimentation, statistical inference, and machine learning

Experience performing advanced data analytics in a business, academic, or related context (e.g., high-tech, market research, management consulting, operations research, finance, etc.)

Ability to explain value of different analytic methods, and the output of data analyses, to non-technical audiences, including executives and managers

Big picture perspective and a healthy obsession with detail

Deep curiosity and love of problem solving

5 years of experience as a high-performing Data Scientist on a product team, including mentorship of more junior team members. Formal management experience preferred

Bachelor's degree in quantitative field, advanced degree preferred

Significant coding experience with data/statistical packages (eg. SQL/Hive, R, Python (Pandas + Statsmodels + Scikit-learn), Pig, Julia, D3.js)

Research or expertise in one or more of the following: User Experience Research, Natural Language Processing, Hierarchical/Multilevel Regression, Data Visualization, Deep Learning, Social Network Analysis, etc.

Additional Information

Besides a great work environment and the opportunity to change the world, we offer competitive salary, benefits, plenty of perks, as well as stock options. We value diversity, and we’re proud to be an inclusive, equal opportunity workplace.
