About our organization

ORTEC is one of the largest providers of advanced planning and optimization software solutions and consulting services. Our solutions result in optimized Supply Chains through fleet routing and dispatch, vehicle and pallet loading, workforce scheduling, delivery forecasting and network planning. We make our customer’s business more efficient, more predictable and more effective. Turning complex challenges into easy-to-use solutions.

ORTEC is an ambitious organization. Since our founding in 1981, we have grown to employ over 800 people at locations on all continents around the globe. The Headquarters of ORTEC is located in Zoetermeer, the Netherlands. Most of our R&D and software development takes place there. Our solutions are sold and implemented through local satellite offices. ORTEC US sells and implements to a customer base of Fortune 100 companies throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.

ORTEC US has been designated as the growth business unit within our global organization. Within the US market the value of ORTEC solutions is most prominent, so there is enormous growth potential. ORTEC US is currently hiring new consultants to enable this growth.

About our people

ORTEC employees usually have a Master or Bachelor degree, a strongly developed talent for analytical thinking and the drive to identify and solve complex problems. The atmosphere is open and informal driven to promote collaboration throughout the organizational structure. This provides significant ownership and responsibility early on in your career.

ORTEC employees are recognized as the driving force behind our organizational success. ORTEC offers a pleasant and challenging work environment where employees are enabled and stimulated to drive their personal development. We believe it is important that our employees get the opportunity to bring out the best in themselves while maintaining a good work-life balance. ORTEC is convinced that our growth can only be achieved through happy employees.

Why ORTEC?

As an ORTEC employee you can make a difference. You get a chance to optimize the business processes of our customers, amongst which are some of the largest companies in the world. You will work in an international environment with inspiring, smart and enthusiastic colleagues. There are ample opportunities for personal development and to grow in a direction that fits your ambitions. We will offer challenging projects that give you the hands-on experience which is so important, especially in the early stages of your career.

About the role

As a Data Scientist, you play an important role in supporting our customer becoming more data driven. You will be part of the Data Driven Logistics team, focusing on Operations and Supply Chain Analytics. As a 2

Data Scientist, you will be responsible for finding creative solutions to challenges faced by our customers. These solutions will be found by introducing data science concepts and using data analytics tools and technologies. You will engage with clients to fully understand their business constraints and process flows to make sure the solution that is provided to them will be implemented into their business successfully. It is truly a multi-disciplinary role where you will perform tasks like:

Translating business needs into analytics solutions

Data gathering, preprocessing and visualization

Exploratory data analysis, scenario analysis

Developing the data analytics model

Operationalization of the data science solution

Provide training and assistance

You will work from our office in Atlanta Georgia. Travel needs depend on the project, customer visits are common.

About the profile

The preferred background (Master or Bachelor degree) is a study in a field related to Business Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations research or Industrial engineering. Successful data scientists display a combination of both technical and personal skills.

Technical skillset:

Strong analytic skills, with up-to-date knowledge of Machine Learning and AI.

Experience with programming, preferably in R and/or Python.

Experience with visualization tooling like Spotfire, Tableau, PowerBI.

Database experience, RDBMS (SQL), and experience with cloud computing platforms like Microsoft Azure.

Technical mathematical modelling skills.

General understanding of supply chain logistics.

An academic, structured way of analyzing and solving problems.

Personal skillset:

Results oriented, able to identify goals, set priorities and resolve issues at an early stage.

Must have the ability to prioritize and complete multiple jobs simultaneously.

Excellent customer service and communication skills, both verbal and written.

Able to present results clearly to our customers.

Positive and pro-active attitude, hands on mentality.

Organized and detail-oriented.

Team player and can work with people from different backgrounds i.e. country, culture, and education.

Growth opportunity

We offer a tailor-made growth path for the right candidates. Your development will be monitored and reviewed multiple times a year, so you can grow into a position that matches your ambition. Due to our current growth potential and our impressive track record, there are many opportunities for the taking. In the end, your success is our success.

Will you join our team? For more information, or to apply send a message to travis.stroud@ortec.com
