Data Scientist III, Advanced Analytics

Raytheon IDS Information Technology

Digital Technology & Innovation

Andover, MA

Are you passionate about data, applied statistics, machine learning, programming and visualization? Do you enjoy working in collaborative and high energy environments? Are you the type of person that enjoys continuous learning and developing data experiments and products in your own time related to the areas you care about?

We seek an entrepreneurial data scientist capable of working across functional and business areas with minimal supervision in order to support the application of data science methods and statistical techniques to data for internal use at Raytheon. You will develop and execute analytics products for internal business users. Solutions will span manufacturing, engineering, business development, supply chain, and quality control functions.

At Raytheon, we work together as one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place. Our innovation spans all domains: from land and sea to air, space and cyberspace. We’re inspired by a noble mission that’s shared by Raytheon employees around the globe and an inclusive culture that empowers employees and celebrates their contributions.

Once the selected applicant completes an initial transitional period for training and indoctrination, a "remote working schedule" will be an option for the selected applicant.

Please note that capped budget relocation will be available to the selected applicant if they are eligible per company policy. The budget amount will be discussed at the appropriate time.

Please note that the selected applicant will most likely be required to apply for and obtain a US Govt. Secret Security Clearance after starting in this role. This will allow the incumbent the necessary access to future US government classified projects. Except in rare cases, only US Citizens are eligible to obtain US Security Clearances.

Required Skills:

Meet with business stakeholders to identify and develop requirements for strategic use cases and research and development opportunities

Collaborate with data owners and technology teams to source data sets required for analyses

Apply quantitative techniques (normalization, applied statistics) to cleanse and explore large, complex data sets in preparation for further analysis

Apply data reduction, feature selection, and feature engineering techniques

Develop and implement hypothesis tests

Develop, validate, and operationalize appropriate mathematical and statistical algorithms and models, including implementation on large data sets in development and production environments

Demonstrated use of Python and one or more statistical programming languages, such as R

Familiarity with Anaconda distribution and multiple libraries including NumPy, pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, TensorFlow and others

Review, enhance, and execute operationalized algorithms and models

Develop data products for and communicate analytic insights to internal and external stakeholders

Effectively communicate statistical/mathematical techniques to non-technical audiences and senior leadership

Create repeatable processes and scalable data products in collaboration with the advanced analytics team

Stay current with new data science methods, technologies, industry trends and open source packages

Ability to obtain US Dept. of Defense Secret Security Clearance, except in rare cases, only US Citizens are eligible to obtain US Security Clearances.

Desired Skills:

Familiarity with self-service data preparation and workflow management tools such as Alteryx, Informatica, Databricks or Dataiku

Experience with data visualization applications such as Tableau, Dash, Plotly, Microsoft PowerBI, Qlik, Looker, SAP Lumira, etc.

Experience with front-end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React) and JavaScript visualization libraries such as D3

Experience with NoSQL and Apache stack data environments

Familiarity deploying machine learning models in public cloud services such as AWS or Azure

Demonstrated experience as a self-starter with strong analytics, critical thinking, and problem solving skills

Excellent communication skills, with ability to process and present complex information in a concise and compelling manner to non-technical audiences

Ability and eagerness to learn, educate and mentor others

Experience in diverse domains (manufacturing operations, supply chain, finance, engineering, information technology, business development, quality control)

Required Education (including Major):

Bachelor’s or higher degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, Mathematics or a quantitative degree in other social science or hard science fields

This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization and a US Dept of Defense Security Clearance. 145752

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
