Boston | Technology

meQuilibrium impacts the potential and performance of employees through the power of resilience. Our company culture offers a positive, team-based, fast-paced environment that’s grounded in the very values it teaches. We believe in supporting creative, entrepreneurial spirits with a healthy approach to work-life balance—and we’re looking for people like you.

meQuilibrium is seeking Data Scientist to join our exciting and fast-paced company in Boston. As a Data Scientist, you will be focused on solving business problems by advanced mathematical modeling to predict outcomes around efficacy (how are users improving) and engagement.

meQuilibrium is a startup environment with a flat structure: you will interface directly with stakeholders across different disciplines. Essential for your success are proactive communications, flexibility, and creative thinking and problem-solving.

Career level:

Proven track record in developing mathematical models to predict business outcomes and determine cause and effect relationships

Experience with applying machine learning techniques at scale and their tuning parameters (Neural Networks, Random Forest, Bayesian Models, K-Means Clustering)

5 years of experience applying Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, and Data Mining

Experience in SQL, Jupyter Notebooks, and expert level Python

Candidate must be organized, driven, and exhibit critical thinking skills

Preferred Experience and Skills:

An M.S., P.H.D., or equivalent experience in a related discipline (Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Finance or C.S.)

Knowledge of healthcare space

Driverless h2o or other autoML experience

Position Responsibilities:

Develop an expert understanding of meQuilibrium’s data architecture

Organize large amounts of data from multiple data sources and build predictive and machine learning models from these data sets

Develop and deploy recommendation systems focusing on engagement and efficacy outcomes

Assist as needed in ETL pipeline scaling, analysis and reporting to support machine learning initiatives

meQuilibrium is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, skills, and experiences within our workforce.

Interested in this Position?

jobs@mequilibrium.com
