Our mission:

As the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.

The team:

We are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. Every month, over 250 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. With engineering hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.

The base salary range below represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards include quarterly bonuses, Long Term Incentive Plan units, an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.

Austin Base Salary Range: 130,000 - 162,000 USD

Your job:

One of our core principles is a dedication to data-driven decision-making. To do that well, we need data scientists with a strong product sensibility to work alongside our product managers and technical leads.

Our Product Science team is a part of the Indeed Data Science group. While machine learning is one tool in our toolbox, Product Scientists use a variety of skills with the goal of driving business impact using whatever tools necessary.

Responsibilities

Help people get jobs!

Use quantitative analysis, data mining, and machine learning techniques to understand how hundreds of millions of jobseekers and employers are interacting on Indeed, and how those interactions are reflected in our data.

Work alongside product managers and engineering teams to help guide tactical and strategic product decisions.

Design and use statistically sound methodologies for evaluating hundreds of tests on thousands of web pages across dozens of business-relevant metrics.

Work alongside other data scientists and software engineers to expand Indeed's catalog of tools, techniques, and best practices for manipulating and interpreting terabytes of product data.

Share your work to a diverse audience across a variety of media. Help us promote and practice transparency by highlighting failures that we learn from as much as successes.

Work across a wide range of related areas- data extraction and cleansing, feature engineering, machine learning, exploratory analysis, data quality analysis, experimental analysis.

About you:

Requirements

BS in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or a closely related quantitative field.

7+ years of professional industry experience in Data Science, Business Analytics, or Data Analysis

Experience coding in Python, R or another advanced data programming language

Strong communication and collaboration skills

Ability to write and present results to both technical and non-technical audiences

Driven to help their teammates and Indeed’s products

Experience designing and conducting complex projects

What we’d love to see (but isn’t required):

Master’s or PhD., with advanced coursework in statistics, machine learning, programming, or related skills

Relevant experience (including internships and/or research) in Business Analytics, Data Analysis, Product Management, Data Science, or related fields

In-depth knowledge and experience within consumer behavior, the consumer marketplace, and/or eCommerce fields

Experience building and/or pulling data using SQL

Production experience with machine learning and other advanced statistical methods

Deep understanding of designing and implementing A/B tests, and advanced extensions

Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs.

View our bounty of perks: [1] http://indeedhi.re/IndeedBenefits

View Indeed's Applicant Privacy Terms: [2] https://www.indeed.com/legal/applicant-privacy
