Job Details

Description

The Data Scientist position will assist all areas of the Minneapolis Health and Life practice using predictive modeling and other powerful analyses to support any of our clients’ needs and industry-leading research.

Independent for over 70 years, Milliman delivers market-leading services and solutions to clients worldwide. Today, we are helping companies take on some of the world’s most critical and complex issues, including retirement funding and healthcare financing, risk management and regulatory compliance, data analytics, and business transformation.

Through a team of professionals ranging from actuaries to clinicians, technology specialists to plan administrators, we offer unparalleled expertise in employee benefits, investment consulting, healthcare, life insurance and financial services, and property and casualty insurance.

Who We Are

The Minneapolis Health and Life practice is composed of healthcare and long-term care insurance professionals who provide our clients with industry-leading consulting services. We also develop and maintain innovative products that complement our consulting services. We are an expanding group with experience leading the way in industries that continuously change and evolve. Our office encourages an open and collaborative work environment to help our professionals grow and thrive. Our practice fosters an entrepreneurial spirit by investing in research projects proposed by our professionals.

The Department/Team

The predictive analytics and machine learning team is an emerging group involved in work that supports all areas of the practice. The analytics and techniques used are cutting-edge while providing clients with accurate and easily interpreted business results. Employees balance working independently and collaborating with other team members on a variety of projects concurrently. Data scientists and subject matter experts work closely together to ensure solutions are both statistically rigorous and solving the correct problem for the client. The team is driven to continuously learn and apply emerging techniques and tools where appropriate to solve the challenging problems our clients bring us to solve.

Role

You will:

Process data for predictive models and visualization,

Develop analytics strategy and deliver data science solutions to support our clients’ needs,

Research and apply new machine learning and data visualization techniques that add value to the solutions we provide our clients,

Develop tools and code to be used by others with limited programing experience,

Create models for analyzing and predicting various risks,

Evaluate candidate models based on predictive power, ease of implementation, etc., and

Assist in marketing efforts to grow the business.

Qualifications

Required:

Master’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, computer science, actuarial science or other quantitative field,

Fluency in R, Python, and/or SAS,

Demonstrated ability to summarize, explore, and manipulate large data sets,

Able to employ a variety of supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods,

2 or more years of prior applicable work experience, and

GPA 3.5+.

Desired:

Excellent communication skills,

Curiosity and self-direction,

Experience with healthcare or health data,

Experience with state management and version control tools such as Docker and Github,

Knowledge of large-scale machine learning tools, and

Experience with cloud computing.

Milliman Benefits

At Milliman, we focus on creating an environment that recognizes – and meets – the personal and professional needs of the individual. We offer a competitive benefits package, which includes:

Medical, dental and vision coverage for employees and their families, including eligible domestic partners.

A 401(k) plan with matching program

Paid Parental Leave up to 12 weeks

Profit sharing as a discretionary contribution to employees’ retirement accounts

Paid Time Off (PTO) starts accruing on the first day of work and can be used for any reason.

Adoption assistance

Milliman covers 100% of the premiums for life insurance, AD&D, and both short term and long term disability coverage

Flexible spending accounts allow employees to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for dependent care, transportation and applicable medical needs

Sponsorship/Location

Applicants must be presently authorized to work in the United States. Minneapolis Health and Life practice will not sponsor applicants for this position for the following work visas/statuses: F-1 STEM OPT, H-1B, J-1, TN, O-1, L-1, or E-1/2.

This position will be based out of the Milliman office in Minneapolis, MN. Applicants must be willing to work onsite in the Milliman office.

Milliman is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Milliman is fully committed to the maximum utilization of all human resources and the goals of Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We recruit, hire, train, promote, and consider qualified applicants for employment, in all job titles without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, creed, familial status, genetic information, marital status, national origin, political ideology, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as an individual with a disability, or veteran status, including qualified disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans; and shall not discriminate against any individual, or any other characteristic protected by law. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

Qualifications

Education

Required

Masters or better in Mathematics or related field.

Experience

Required

2 years: 2 or more years of applicable work experience

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
