Overview

Position Summary: Data Scientist

Affordable Care, LLC (“ACI”) was founded in 1975 and today is America’s largest dental support organization focused on tooth replacement services, with over 320 affiliated practices in 40 states. Headquartered in Morrisville, North Carolina and doing business under the retail names Affordable Dentures and Affordable Dentures & Implants, the company’s affiliated practices offer a range of tooth replacement services including dentures, dental implants and tooth extractions. The company’s unique, highly-focused business model enables dentists to provide high-quality, low-price dental prostheses to over 400,000 patients annually.

Each practice is individually owned and operated by a licensed dentist to provide dentures and dental implants delivered with the highest levels of professionalism and care. Affordable Care is differentiated in the marketplace by offering same-day service for dentures and tooth replacement. Every practice has its own on-site dental lab, which adds convenience and value for patients. More than six million patients have received services from an Affordable Care-affiliated practice.

Affordable Care was acquired by Berkshire Partners (“Berkshire”) in October 2015

Key Responsibilities:

Research and develop methods for measuring and analyzing marketing spend effectiveness

Research new ways for modeling customer behavior

Work with Senior Director of Enterprise Analytics to design experiments to answer targeted questions

Formulate a roadmap of project activity that leads to measurable improvement in business performance metrics/key performance indicators over time.

Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.

Work with Senior Director of Enterprise Analytics to architect, develop and automate analytics solutions

Help formulate business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through displays of quantitative information

Develop comprehensive understanding of Tailored Brands data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products and sales activity

Creatively explore how to use data to continually add value and translate ad hoc questions into flexible methodologies that scale to answer broad problems across the organization

Skills/Abilities/Experience & Qualifications:

MS or PhD in Statistics or related (e.g., Mathematics, Physics, Ops Research).

Relevant work experience including statistical software (R, S-Plus, SAS, or similar), databases (Terradata or similar) and scripting languages (such as Python).

Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques

Experience articulating business questions, pulling from datasets and using statistics to arrive at an answer. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.

Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends, and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.

Demonstrated problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment. Effective written and verbal communication skills.

Work Environment, Physical & Mental Demands

Ability to work at least 40 hours per week from the Company’s Morrisville, NC corporate office with flexibility based on project needs

Exerts up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount frequently to move objects.
