Spotify is seeking an exceptional Data Scientist to join its Licensing Finance team. In this role, you will leverage analytical, statistical, and programming skills to bring a “data-first” approach in helping Spotify navigate the complex financial landscape that encompasses music licensing. You will build and evolve predictive models that forecast Spotify’s royalty payments to music rightsholders, and build analytical tools that assist our global licensing teams in structuring financial terms that are sustainable for the business. By turning large datasets from all corners of the company into actionable insights, this role will contribute to the enhancement of decision-making within Spotify’s licensing strategy as well as the company’s overall financial planning and forecasting process.

The ideal candidate for this position possesses a strong technical background and is a natural communicator who is able to explain complex statistical frameworks and models to both business and engineering teams. This role is based in NYC and will report into the Analytics Manager on the Licensing Finance team. There will be occasional travel to our headquarters in Stockholm and other regional offices.

What you’ll do:

Create financial analysis, business insight, and visualization tools to support our global licensing teams with the negotiation of Spotify’s music licensing deals.

Develop and implement scalable frameworks and solutions for forecasting Spotify’s royalty payments to rightsholders and analyzing our deal economics across various consumer offerings and geographies.

Play a critical role in enhancing the FP&A planning and forecasting process by automating model runs as well as analysis on financial results and forecasting accuracy.

Support ad-hoc business analysis by collecting and defining technical requirements from a broad range of stakeholders spanning our Licensing, Legal, FP&A, Accounting, and Engineering teams, and working either independently or cross-functionally to construct solutions.

Who You Are:

Minimum 3 (5+ preferred) years of relevant experience, particularly in building forecast models and analytical tools from large data sets using Python, SQL, and/or R.

Experience turning manual team processes into scalable, automated solutions.

Experience distilling complex systems and frameworks into well-synthesized narratives and recommendations for diverse audiences.

Knowledge of Pandas and Google BigQuery is a plus.

The ability to stay proactive, organized, and dynamic in a rapidly changing environment.

An outgoing, entrepreneurial, and collaborative personality with the ability to develop strong cross-functional relationships.
