Job Description

Data & Analysis – Data Scientist

Digitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life.

The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients.

Digitas’ Data Science practice sits within our DNA (Data & Analysis) capability, and develops industry-leading analytical solutions for clients across industries, channels and business functions. We apply a bespoke and cutting-edge arsenal of statistical, analytical and computing techniques to complex data problems at scale, with an emphasis on game-changing—and measureable—business impact. We work in close collaboration with colleagues across all agency disciplines to develop truly innovative, highly effective, data-powered solutions for our clients.

To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Data Scientist – an intellectually curious and creative problem solver who is willing to tackle the familiar and unfamiliar of all things data, including methods, technologies and applications. Sound like you? Read on.

What you’ll do:

Our Data Scientists deliver analytic solutions across a wide variety of client applications. We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems and customer data pipelines; we synthesize results and translate findings into compelling stories that resonate with clients.

As a Data Scientist, you’ll address complex marketing and business challenges—from cross-channel media and customer experience optimization to segmentation, targeting and business strategy—by accessing, integrating, manipulating, mining and modeling a wide array of data sources.

Day-to-day, your role includes:

Translating marketing and business questions into data queries.

Using distributed computing systems to access and manipulate big data sources.

Conducting exploratory analysis to identify relevant insights and useful transformations.

Applying quantitative techniques to uncover latent patterns in the data.

Interpreting data, analytical results and visuals to generate conclusions and recommendations.

Testing scalable data pipelines or models for real-time applications.

Ensuring that analytic tasks and results meet established objectives and timelines.

Sharing knowledge and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our Data Science practice.

We’re looking for relevant academic, research or work experience, which typically includes:

A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, data science, computer science, engineering, marketing or social science methods.

Hands-on experience analyzing data for patterns and insights.

Hands-on experience running basic statistical or machine learning procedures, such as descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, supervised or unsupervised learning.

Hands-on experience with Python or R. Familiarity with SQL, Linux, and/or distributed computing systems such as Hadoop or AWS preferred.

Demonstrated interest in marketing analytic applications.

Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment with flat structure.

Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you.

Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualifications

null

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
