Come see what's cookin' at HelloFresh!

At HelloFresh, we want to revolutionize the way we eat by making it more convenient and exciting to cook meals from scratch. We have offices all over the world and we deliver delicious meals to millions of people.

We are the industry leader in meal-kit subscription services and we're growing all the time. We have distinct meal-kit services that cater to everyone with the most menu variety in the market, which allows us to reach an incredibly wide population of people.

The HelloFresh team is diverse, high-performing, and international, and our work environment is an inspiring space where you can thrive as a result.

Job Description:

We're hiring a Data Scientist to join our Supply Chain Analytics Team here at HelloFresh. In this exciting role, you will develop cutting edge insights using a wealth of data about our suppliers, ingredients, operations, and customers to improve the customer experience, drive operational efficiencies and build new supply chain capabilities. To succeed in this role, you'll need to have a genuine interest in using data and analytic techniques to solve real business challenges, and a keen interest to make a big impact on a fast-growing organization.

You will...

Develop and implement time series forecast models to enable efficient supply chain planning and execution

Build predictive models aimed at delivering actionable insights and driving decision making

Collaborate across operational functions (e.g. supply chain planning, logistics, procurement, production, etc) to identify and prioritize projects

Communicate results and recommendations to stakeholders in a business oriented manner with clear guidelines for implementation

Work with complex datasets across various platforms to perform descriptive, prescriptive, predictive, and exploratory analyses

You are...

Results-oriented - You love transforming data into meaningful outcomes

Gritty - When you encounter obstacles you find solutions, not excuses

Intellectually curious – You love to understand why things are the way they are, how things work, and challenge the status quo

A team player – You favor team victories over individual success

A structured problem solver – You possess strong organizational skills and consistently demonstrate a methodical approach to all your work

Agile – You thrive in fast-paced and dynamic environments and are comfortable working autonomously

A critical thinker – You use logic to identify opportunities, evaluate alternatives, and synthesize and present critical information to solve complex problems

At a minimum, you have...

Degree in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, or Engineering

2+ years' experience delivering analytical solutions to complex problems

Experience in time series forecasting

Fluency in common tools such as SQL, Python, and R

About the team...

The Supply Chain Analytics team is focused on unlocking the value of data within HelloFresh operations. We are a diverse team of data-oriented doers who love to take on new challenges, always be learning, and improve decision-making. And we love to have fun together along the way!

You'll get…

Competitive Salary & 401k company match that vests immediately upon participation

Generous parental leave of 16 weeks & PTO policy

$0 monthly premium and other flexible health plans effective first day of employment

75% discount on your subscription to HelloFresh (as well as other product initiatives)

Snacks, cold brew on tap & monthly catered lunches

Company sponsored outings & Employee Resource Groups

Collaborative, dynamic work environment within a fast-paced, mission-driven company

It is the policy of HelloFresh not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or because he or she is a protected veteran.
