Responsibilities

ATPCO is building the infrastructure and systems to support the next iteration of revenue management capabilities in a continuous/dynamic pricing world. This role will work within the ATPCO R&D team to help develop compelling real-world models to support the new capabilities and data points required to deliver this strategy.

The Strategy division defines and enables the long-term vision of the ATPCO product portfolio, creates and defines industry processes and standards to help achieve the future of ATPCO.

As a Data Scientist you will identify trends, patterns and value in data that would benefit internal initiatives and provide products or tools of value to our customers. You will work across functions to develop, maintain and revise views of data looking for valuable information that would support airline fare management analyses. You will work with the R&D team to solve complex business problems that require an operations research approach of large-scale data modeling and regression analysis.

The ideal candidate:

Experience in airline inventory/yield management or revenue management

Bachelor’s degree in mathematics or similar work experience

Has expert knowledge of analytic business optimization

Extensive experience in statistical modeling, experimental design, sampling, clustering, predictive modeling or other related techniques

Strong ROI optimization, dashboard design, metric selection and definition experience

Has extensive experience using data analysis tools to analyze and present data in a compelling manner

About ATPCO:

When it comes to data and content, ATPCO is the powerhouse of the airline industry, with the world's largest air price content repository. Our strength has always been in distributing that content throughout the air travel ecosystem. We lead the industry into the future by delivering all air price content via New Distribution Capability (NDC) APIs.

ATPCO is the airline industry’s trusted partner in driving innovation, reducing complexity, and delivering network economics to the entire distribution ecosystem through standards, technology, and effective governance. Our Vision is to fuel the future of air travel, leading the industry into the next generation of distribution, by empowering smart connection of all content through all channels
