Sr. Data Scientist - 42766

Data Science - USA Oldsmar, Florida

Sr Data Scientist

Nielsen is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view available of consumers and markets worldwide. Nielsen has unique measurement technologies, assets, and data that make it one of the most interesting and challenging places for a data scientist to work.

Job Responsibilities

Independently write custom Python and SQL code.

Learn and become an expert in National TV Nielsen knowledge, with a focus on weighting, computations, and enhanced methodologies.

Support analyses for Data Science teams including custom requests, client inquiries, impact of changing methodologies, and standards and best practices.

Learn and become an expert in how big data flows through Nielsen systems in order to create reliable data views that will feed into client inquiry processes.

Work with cross-functional teams to implement and validate enhanced audience measurement methodologies.

Collaboratively create and manage projects from beginning to end; including developing analytical plan, running analyses, and summarizing results while effectively managing expectations with key stakeholders.

Respond to client inquiries: Examine analysis specifications for completeness, determine how to execute the analysis with available data, modify specifications as needed, provide an estimated delivery date, and accurately deliver analyses on time with a summary of the key insights.

Provide oversight and consultation to Data Scientists and Analysts.

Required Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Statistics, Social Science, Operation Research, Mathematics, or Computer Science with outstanding analytical expertise.

2 to 3 years of experience with one or more of the following: python programming, data manipulation, data integration, weighting, sampling, survey or market research, trend or pattern recognition, statistics, data aggregation techniques, automation, or quality assurance.

Must be proficient with Python, Spark, or Scala to develop sharable software with the appropriate technical documentation.

Must be proficient in R, SQL, and large-scale databases.

Detect and address quality escapes.

Pro-actively gather information, as needed, to work independently as well as in a team environment

Excellent clear and concise communications skills and have proactive communication with internal/external teams including presentation skills for business setting and technical report writing

Strong interpersonal skills, ability to effectively influence, negotiate and communicate within and across various levels in the organization

Able to work independently

Extremely strong organizational skill

Key tasks include – but are not limited to – data integration, automation, examining large volumes of data, identifying trends and being able to understand the methodology to be able to explain said trends, and identifying methodological and process improvements. Other project areas may include representation/sampling, bias reduction, and indirect estimation.

ABOUT NIELSEN

We’re in tune with what the world is watching, buying, and everything in between. If you can think of it, we’re measuring it. We sift through the small stuff and piece together big pictures to provide a comprehensive understanding of what’s happening now and what’s coming next for our clients. Today’s data is tomorrow’s marketplace revelation.

We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 100 countries. From global industry leaders to small businesses, consumer goods to media companies, we work with them all. We’re bringing in data 24/7 and the possibilities are endless. See what’s next with us at Nielsen: careers.nielsen.com

Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.

Job Type: Regular

Primary Location : Oldsmar , Florida

Secondary Locations: , , ,

Travel: Yes, 5% of the Time
