Gro Intelligence is building the world's largest agricultural data platform, allowing anyone to discover, analyze and predict everything that's happening in global agricultural markets. We are a fast-growing, mission-driven data and analytics company creating a more connected and productive global agricultural industry. Our diverse team of technologists, scientists, and business professionals share a passion for building software that impacts everyone in the world on a most basic level.

Gro allows users to make better decisions by quickly understanding and predicting factors that affect the availability and prices of agricultural products. We do this by standardizing huge volumes of structured and unstructured data, and transforming it into actionable knowledge for large corporate agribusinesses, financial institutions, consulting firms, and nonprofit organizations.

With offices in both New York and Nairobi, and the financial backing of prominent investors including TPG Growth and Data Collective, we are rapidly building out our team of highly motivated, intellectually curious people. Successful candidates have versatile talents and are excited to work in a fast-paced, demanding, and constantly evolving entrepreneurial environment.

What You’ll Do:

Develop original computational models to predict agricultural and environmental performance and conditions using geospatial, weather, crop, trade, and pricing data.

Develop systems and techniques for very large scale computations

Work with scientists, analysts and engineers to integrate local and sector specific factors and work closely with specialists in the field to further internal product development and external collaborations

Do original research on machine learning models and algorithms, working with closely with research scientists

Understand and contribute to the advancement of the state of the art in academic and industry research

What You Have:

3+ years related experience

Graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related field

Experience with “big data” computation (parallel processing, distributed storage)

Strong computer science fundamental (data structures and algorithms)

Strong understanding of statistics, mathematics

Experience with natural language processing

Ability to work in Python, Java, C++

Familiarity with statistical modeling tools (R, MatLab)

Ability to work collaboratively with team members across functional roles and strong communication and leadership skills.

Passion for solving high impact problems with data driven tools.

Who You Are:

Smart with excellent problem solving skills

Curious, love for turning ideas into reality

Productive, self motivated

Creative, collaborative, diligent

Strong attention to detail with the ability to understand the big picture

Learner, interested in new skills and adapting to new technologies

Ability to work with geographically distributed and culturally diverse team

Gro Intelligence is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, actual or presumed belonging to an ethnic group, or any other legally protected status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
