Job Title: Data Scientist

FLSA Status: Full Time, Exempt

Department: Data Analytics

Location: State College, PA

Are you ready for this?

Are you ready to be part of an exciting and quickly evolving Internet of Things company? Since 2001, we have specialized in technical innovation of wireless sensing, energy harvesting, underwater navigation, and IIOT technologies. Our team is composed of the best and the brightest while maintaining a casual working environment. We are looking for a smart, driven, and ambitious developers. If this sounds like you, please read on!

As a Data Scientist at KCF Technologies, you will be leading KCF into the next generation of data analytics by utilizing machine learning and AI techniques to develop sophisticated algorithms for machine health diagnostics, prognostics, and automated control.

Job Responsibilities

Design and develop machine learning applications and solutions tailored to machine health diagnostics, prognostics, and automation.

Design data mining tools for training data extraction.

Integrate machine learning techniques and algorithms within the KCF SmartDiagnostics platform.

Design and implement feedback loop protocols for continual model updates and improvements.

Other duties and special projects as assigned by the supervisor and other KCF leadership staff.

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields

Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning)

Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics)

For the purposes of determining compliance with U.S. export control regulations, all applicants will be required to answer yes or no to the following question: Are you a U.S. Citizen, a lawful permanent resident of the U.S. (i.e., a green card holder), an asylee, or a refugee?

Preferred

Experience with Python (Numpy, Scipy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, TensorFlow, etc.)

Knowledge of data mining and training data generation techniques

Edge-compute design experience

Reasons to Work with Us

Top benefits

Ability to work in one of the most exciting fields in technology

Casual work environment and excellent location in the heart of State College, PA

Ability to collaborate with coworkers who like showing up to work

Opportunity to make a true impact on our company and products with high visibility

Be a part of a growing company that will take your career and your passion to the next level

Benefits:

100% paid premium medical for you and your dependents plus vision and dental

Competitive compensation packages with bonus opportunity

Employer-matched 401(k) retirement plan

4-weeks paid vacation

Fitness reimbursement with brand new on-site locker room/showers
