Data Scientist

Log in

Share this

Find similar career opportunities

Data Scientist

Category: Analytics and Emerging Digital Technologies

City: Baltimore, Maryland, United States

Position ID: J0819-0832

Employment Type: Full Time

Position Description:

CGI Federal is seeking Data Scientists to assist with new work within a data science division. Our candidates truly need a hybrid skill set to successfully contribute in data science projects. In addition to data analysis, we need people that also have strong IT technical skills, predictive modeling skills, specialized modeling and research methods backgrounds, and given our frequent work on client business processes, optimization and simulation skills.

Your future duties and responsibilities:

Experience translating high-level project requirements into technical tasks.

Data manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data.

Data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, data matching between multiple systems, transformations, cleansing, and loading.

Experience with big data and cloud platforms and toolset.

Ability to engineer and create complex research datasets by manipulating typically large volume transactional data for use by operations research analysts, economists and statisticians in advanced analytical research and studies.

Experience in developing predictive, prescriptive, optimization, and forecasting models, including the use of contemporary techniques such as support vector machines, neural networks, and gradient boosting.

Experience in interpreting results from statistical and mathematical models.

Experience in advance data visualizations and interpretation.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role:

Required: SQL (preferable in distributed environment, e.g. Greenplum, Apache Hawq).

Required: Experience in R, Python, or SAS for complex data manipulation, statistical analysis, and machine learning.

Required: Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Bokeh, D3) or elastic stack (Kibana).

Experience with modern machine learning libraries, including Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, or MADlib.

Experience using peer-collaboration tools, e.g., Confluence.

Experience using GIT or other version control systems.

#cgifederaljobs

Skills:

Data Analysis

Data Modeling

Python

R Programming Language

SAS

SQL

What you can expect from us:

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at USEmploymentCompliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned .

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here at https://cgi-veterans.jobs/ to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.
