The Senior Data Scientist is predictive analytics professional who has data management proficiency to make sets of structured and unstructured data accessible and the advanced analytical skills to derive useful information from the data. A member of management who determines advanced analytics strategy and leads a mix of direct reports and matrix individuals. You will be accountable to identify more than $1,000,000 in savings or profit per year.

Essential Job Functions:

Natural curiosity and real passion for scientific investigation, talent for strategic leadership, interest in digital product development, and experience in people management.

Lead development of strategy in an environment rich in complex biological, environmental, operational, and business data.

Lead and manage a group including expertise in statistics, data-driven predictive analytics, and computer science.

Work with multidisciplinary teams for the development and delivery of analytics solutions through agile methodology

Develop and manage skills in machine learning, statistical modeling, and other computational approaches to extract insights from proprietary and public science data sources.

Establish and manage collaborations engaging business units to develop novel data analytic approaches and integrated decision science solutions.

Coordinate collaborating of data science group across all of ADM to develop solutions for meaningful business, financial, and operations questions in cross-functional teams

Experience and Abilities:

Experience in machine learning, data mining, statistical methodology and demonstrated experience using these techniques to solve commercial, financial and manufacturing problems.

Experience with people management with global, diverse talent.

Passion for collaboration and working with and inspiring cross-functional, multi-disciplinary teams.

Dedication to working safely and to the awareness for the safety of others.

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills for working with all parts of the company such as operators, engineers, commercial personnel, and senior management.

Ability to develop actionable predictive models from various data sets both large and small.

Ability to explain and teach advanced analytics techniques and principles to others

Minimum five years’ experience working with advanced analytics platforms such as SAS, SPSS or Statistics

Extensive experience with lower level analytics platforms such as R, Python or JMPPro.

Required Education:

Bachelor’s degree in science, engineering, mathematical field, or computer programming.

Masters or PhD in Advanced degree in Analytics or equivalent analytics experience.

Process manufacturing knowledge required.

Job Description (Continued)

Relocation assistance is available with this position.

This position offers a complete benefit package, including 401K/ESOP, pension, health, life and dental insurance.

ADM requires the successful completion of applicable pre-employment drug screen, medical questionnaire and a background check.

EEO

ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status.

Ref ID

#LI-41182501_NA2
