Position: Data Scientist, GS-13/14

Division: Counterterrorism Division

Unit: Counterterrorism Advanced Projects Unit

Location: Washington, D.C.

Working Hours: 8:00am-4:30pm

Salary: GS-13: $99,172.00-$128,920.00

 GS-14: $117,191.00-$152,352.00

Full Performance level: GS-14

Number of Positions Available:1

Duration: Full Time/Permanent

Additional selections may be made from this announcement to fill positions within the same division when the position includes substantially the same duties, responsibilities, and qualifications.

Key Requirements

Must be a U.S. citizen

Must be able to obtain a Top Secret-SCI clearance

Some travel is required

ALL applicants must verify completion of the basic education requirement by submitting a copy of college transcripts by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.

Mission Statement:

The mission of the FBI is to protect the American People and uphold the Constitution of the United States.

Major Duties:

GS-13:

Identifies and assess data attributes using statistical software packages in order to develop recommendations and analytical processes based on mission requirements.

Researches, develops, implements and utilizes statistical methods and strategies to address tactical and strategic problem sets, while working with a technical team.

Interprets and analyzes data collected from a variety of sources using exploratory and statistical techniques, validating findings using an experimental and iterative approach.

Coordinates multifaceted scientific research and analytic activities and provide scientific and technical consultation about applicable best practices and new techniques.

Conducts studies to provide realistic assessments of the spectrum of anticipated threat scenarios and to aid in identifying needed technologies and methodologies.

GS-14:

In addition to the above, the selectee

Models complex problem sets to help discover insights and identify opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques.

Designs and implements or coordinates systematic and rigorous scientific procedures for determining reliability, validity and statistical confidence associated with specific technologies and methodologies.

Presents key findings and methodology to counterparts, stakeholders and executives.

Qualifications and Evaluations

Please make sure your specialized experience/requirement(s) can be identified in your resume. Applicants must meet the qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

Your application will be evaluated and rated under the FBI’s Candidate Rating Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed in this announcement and will be compared to your responses to the online assessment questionnaire. High self-assessment in the vacancy questions that is not supported by information in your resume, and/or supporting documents may eliminate you from Most Competitive status.

Your application will then be placed in one of three categories: Most Competitive, Competitive, or Least Competitive. Names of candidates in the Most Competitive category will be sent to the hiring official for employment consideration. Veterans’ preference will be applied.

All applicants will be rated on the following Competencies:

Advanced Mathematical Reasoning

Algorithms

Analytic Thinking

Data Analysis

Positive Education Requirement

This position has a specific education requirement; all applicants must verify completion of this basic educational requirement by submitting a copy of their college transcripts by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: ALL APLICANTS MUST MEET THE BASIC REQUIREMENTS BELOW:

A. Degree: Mathematics, statistics, or actuarial science. The degree must be in a major field of study (at least at the baccalaureate level) that is appropriate for the position.

OR

B. Combination of education and experience: Courses equivalent to a major field of study as shown in paragraph A above, plus additional education or appropriate experience.

Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the above requirements provided you can show foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States.

IN ADDITION TO MEETING THE BASIC REQUIREMENT ABOVE, APPLICANTS MUST MEET THE SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE (SE) REQUIREMENTS BELOW:

Specialized Experience (SE):

Please make sure your specialized experience/requirement(s) can be identified in your resume. Applicants must meet the qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

GS-13: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of specialized experience (SE) equivalent to the GS- 12 grade level. SE is defined as follows:

Acquiring, processing and measuring data for research purposes utilizing scientific methods.

Developing recommendations and processes to improve the operational performance of data systems.

GS-14: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of specialized experience (SE) equivalent to the GS-13 grade level. SE is defined as follows:

In addition to the above SE, the selectee will be:

Developing models and collecting/analyzing data using computer programming techniques.

Designing and implementing scientific procedures for determining the reliability, validity and statistical confidence associated with specific technologies and methodologies.
