Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.

We're looking for Data Scientists to join some of our Analytics teams, including those in charge of News Feed, Video, Search, Monetization and Ads, Sharing, and Product Foundation. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will be able to effortlessly apply the expertise gained throughout their PhD to tackle Facebook Product Analytics challenges, and will have experience working with large, complex data sets. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in understanding and solving complex problems using analytical techniques. This position is based full-time in our Menlo Park, CA, Seattle, WA and New York, NY offices.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products

Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities

Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches

Work across the following four areas:

Product Operations

Forecasting and setting product team goals

Designing and evaluating experiments

Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics

Building and analyzing dashboards and reports

Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis

Evaluating and defining metrics

Exploratory Analysis

Proposing what to build in the next roadmap

Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends

Identifying new levers to help move key metrics

Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems

Product Leadership

Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations

Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams

Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams

Data Infrastructure

Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica

Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python-based ETL framework

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Operations Research, Econometrics, Statistics or related technical field

Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches

Experience communicating quantitative analysis results

Knowledge with relational databases and SQL

Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)

Knowledge of statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, regressions)

Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods

Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Experience working with distributed computing tools (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)

Experience working with large data sets

Experience manipulating and analyzing high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
