OVERVIEW

As a member of our R&D organization, your work will directly and rapidly impact our award winning Conversant One-to-One Relationship Engine. Conversant analyzes anonymized, privacy-safe data at internet scale: we handle trillions of online interactions a month in real-time and have $3.8 trillion in multichannel purchases in our database. In this role, you’ll be part of the small, highly collaborative team that continually enhances Conversant’s personalization platform through a combination of data science, machine learning, graph algorithms, and more. And you’ll be working on a state-of-the-art technology stack including Spark, Hive, Scala, and Python on large Hadoop clusters.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop an understanding of Conversant’s personalization platform and proprietary datasets.

Use your data science and machine learning expertise to research and recommend the best approaches to solving our technology and business problems.

Design, implement, and validate your solutions in Spark, Hive, Scala, or Python on large Hadoop clusters.

Work with our Engineering teams to integrate your solutions into Conversant’s platform.

Participate fully in our collaborative approach to research and applications projects.

REQUIREMENTS

A Ph.D. in a computational, mathematical, engineering, or scientific field.

Research experience or coursework in a computational area such as data science, data analysis, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, predictive modeling, or graph algorithms.

Fluency in programming.

Ability and desire to work in a highly collaborative environment.

ADDITIONAL USEFUL BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS

Experience in Spark, Hive, Scala, Python, or SQL.

Experience in distributed computing.

Experience with large data sets.

#analytics

#LI-AL1

Primary Location: USA - United States-3090 - Illinois-50082 - Chicago-L5-Chicago, IL - CNVR

Work Locations: L5-Chicago, IL - CNVR Chicago 60606

Job: Technology

Organization: Epsilon

Schedule: Regular

Job Type: Full-time

Job Posting: Aug 20, 2019, 3:45:30 PM

Division: Conversant

RI: AL
