At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nation’s decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Seeking a Senior Data Scientist to support the application of emerging technologies (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Deep Learning) to advance the state of the art to enhance USSOCOM’s ability to understand and act upon cyber data at scale with an advanced analytic capability to effectively operationalize cyber data to enhance various missions, such as counter-terrorism, counter-proliferation, countering weapons of mass destruction, and countering hard targets.

Senior Data Scientist job responsibilities include:

Analytic Processing. Analyze, develop, demonstrate, and evaluate prototype solutions for the processing of data within the advanced analytic capability. This may include the development of advanced machine learning software solutions that augment and assist mission-users with operational decision-making, including extracting additional information, extracting information faster than humans, and algorithms to help with data visualization.

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:

BA/BS in Computer Science or related fields( eg. Statistics, Mathematics, or Engineering)

15 years in data science, analytic development, statistics

Experience providing these skills to a DoD mission focused program

Experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) Languages

Proficient with HTML and JavaScript

Proficient with multiple operating systems, including UNIX/LINUX & Windows

Proficient with analytic algorithm design, implementation, and testing

Experience in web services environment and technologies, such as XML, KML, SOAP, and JSON

Proficient with management/tracking utilities such as Jira, Redmine, etc.

Experience using machine learning, data mining, and knowledge discovery.

Processing and managing large data sets (multiple TB or larger)

Multi-threaded, big data, distributive cloud architectures and frameworks including Hadoop, MapReduce, Cloudera, Hive, Spark, Elastic Search, etc. for the purposes of conducting analytic algorithm design and implementation

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/ polygraph

Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
