First Orion is a leader in the call protection, call identification and call management industries, focusing on data-driven call transparency across the entire calling experience. We develop world-class data and technology solutions that help our business partners increase customer satisfaction, reduce risk associated with fraud and compliance, and yield more profitable calling solutions. Our applications and in-network services provide call and text blocking, spam and robocall tagging/blocking, call enhancement, caller identification, caller categorization, directory assistance and complaint filing with regulatory agencies in the US and abroad. First Orion protects and enhances the call experience for millions of consumers, provides solutions to some of the largest mobile service providers in the world, and features leading brands in the communication industry (including PrivacyStar) with headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas and offices in Bellevue, WA, London, England and Dubai, UAE.  Job Description: First Orion is seeking a talented Senior Data Scientist to join a leading mobile software vendor in the Data Solutions Group. Individuals in this role will use their intense curiosity for data and data mining skills to dive into large datasets. They will be asked to use their discoveries to build and shape the products and solutions that will be the foundation for First Orion's success in the future. Core Responsibilities: Model development – creating scoring and predictive models utilizing heuristic approaches, statistics, and supervised and unsupervised machine learning methodologies Data discovery – identifying new data sources and novel applications of existing data New product/solution planning – assist in defining new data products or solutions for future business opportunities Data categorization – performing data aggregation and identifying ways to categorize data based upon existing and/or future client needs Data quality analysis – creating and monitoring quality control processes for model input/output Required Skills: Experience with machine learning and statistical modeling Proficiency in a programming language (e.g. Java/R/Scala/Python) with a willingness to learn and use Scala/Python/JupyterLab Experience with SQL / NoSQL databases Strong problem-solving and ‘big data’ handling skills Ability to implement verbal and visual storytelling with data Ability to work independently without constant supervision Ability to recommend business/modeling decisions based on the data, domain knowledge, and analytical findings Strong verbal and written communication skills Degree in a data-analytic discipline (e.g. Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or Engineering) Nice to Have Skills: M.S. in STEM discipline Prior experience in the telecommunications industry Amazon Web Services experience Hadoop/Spark experience Knowledge about big data platforms
