Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world.

There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role.

At Coinbase, our vision is to build an open financial system for the world, and to get there we'll need to continually learn from our data. Data scientists are focused on this critical step of converting data into learnings.

You'll spend part of your time working directly with product teams — engineers, designers, and product managers — to ensure we're focused on the biggest opportunities and interpreting our data correctly. And you'll spend the other part of your time with the Data team building analytics models and systems that help scale our insights more broadly, both throughout the company and directly in the product.

What you'll be doing:

Measure business performance, develop core metrics and create dashboards to track and understand them

Work with product and engineering teams to design experiments for new product ideas, and analyze the results to provide actionable recommendations

Perform deep analyses and build models to understand customer behavior, and extract key insights that impact product decisions

Synthesize data learnings into compelling stories and communicate them throughout Coinbase

Act as a strategic partner to product and engineering leaders to help prioritize opportunities and inform product strategy

Prototype new analytics & machine learning models that improve both our insights and the product directly

Work across multiple subject matter experts to drive new data initiatives, automation of reports, establish best practices and mentor junior members in the team

Lead analytics projects to completion

Work with the broader Data team to find ways to scale our insights through better systems and automation

What we look for in you:

Demonstrate our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution

Understanding of statistical concepts and experience in applying them

Experience in data analyses using SQL

Experience in at least one programming language (e.g. R, Python, Java, Ruby, Scala/Spark, or Perl)

Be able to independently create plans for analytics projects and build collaboration within the team

(For Senior Data Scientist)BA / BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5+ years relevant experience, or MS degree, 3+ year or PhD degree in related fields + 2 year

Nice to haves:

Be able to proactively manage prioritization of work and deliver work with great quality and influence the broader team in creating leverage

Previous experience working with financial services data is a plus

Experience with Looker, Tableau or other business intelligence platform

Domain experience in product, marketing or growth analytics

Experience manipulating large amounts of structured and unstructured data

Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws.
