Job Description

To ensure that Visa’s payment technology is truly available to everyone, everywhere requires the success of our key bank or merchant partners and internal business units. The Global Data Science group supports these partners by using our extraordinarily rich data set that spans more than 3 billion cards globally and captures more than 100 billion transactions in a single year. Our focus lies on building creative solutions that have an immediate impact on the business of our highly analytical partners. We work in complementary teams comprising members from Data Science and various groups at Visa. To support our rapidly growing group we are looking for Data Scientists who are equally passionate about the opportunity to use Visa’s rich data to tackle meaningful business problems. You will start with the Data Science focus area – Executive projects and new solutions team, with an opportunity for rotation within Data Science to gain broad exposure to Visa’s business.

This team works on strategic executive projects, evaluation and development of new approaches to solve common business challenges, explores and develops new capabilities and modeling techniques which can benefit multiple clients across geographies, in addition to assisting with key executive presentations and data pulls to aid opportunity sizing, as needed.

The position is based either at Visa's headquarters in the San Francisco Bay Area (Foster City, CA)

Essential Functions

Be an out-of-the-box thinker who is passionate about brainstorming innovative ways to use our unique data to answer business problems

Communicate with clients to understand the challenges they face and convince them with data

Extract and understand data to form an opinion on how to best help our clients and derive relevant insights

Develop visualizations to make your complex analyses accessible to a broad audience

Partner with a variety of Visa teams to provide comprehensive solutions

Find opportunities to craft products out of analyses that are suitable for multiple clients

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging Visa data to drive business solutions

Synthesize ideas/proposals in writing and engage in productive discussions with external or internal stakeholders

Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product, marketing techniques and business strategies for Visa and its clients

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, data insights, advertising targeting and other business outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy

Broad knowledge across the entire data science lifecycle, including data engineering, statistics and governance

Provide guidance in modern analytic techniques and business applications to unlock the value of Visa’s unique data set, in keeping with market trends, client needs and emerging techniques

Organize and manage multiple data science projects with diverse cross-functional stakeholders

Physical Requirements

This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, reach with hands and arms, and bend or lift up to 25 pounds.

Travel

This position requires the incumbent to travel for work 0-5% of the time

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications

4 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 2 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Master’s, MBA, JD, MD) or 0 years of work experience with a PhD degree (in statistics, computer science, business analytics, operations research, data science, etc.)

Preferred Qualifications

6-8 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or 4-6 years of work experience with an

Advanced Degree (e.g. Master’s, MBA, JD, MD) or 3 years of experience with a PhD

4+ years’ experience in data-based decision-making or quantitative analysis

Bachelor’s degree in an analytical field such as statistics, computer science, business analytics, operations research, data science or many others (graduate degree is a plus)

Experience with extracting and aggregating data from large data sets using SQL, Spark, or other tools

Competence in Excel, PowerPoint and Tableau

Familiarity with Linux/Unix environment

Experience in understanding and analyzing data using statistical software (e.g., Python, SAS, R, Stata or others)

Knowledge of advanced statistical methods (e.g., regression, PCA, time series, variable selection, etc.)

Experience in developing models using machine learning techniques (e.g., classification, clustering, recommendation systems, support vector machines, deep learning, etc.)

Experience in experimental designs (e.g., A/B testing, survey analysis, etc.)

Experience in managing analytics/data science projects from scoping to delivery

Previous exposure to financial services, credit cards or merchant analytics is a plus, but not required

Additional Information

Physical Requirements

This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, and reach with hands and arms.

Travel

This position requires the incumbent to travel for work 0-5% of the time

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law
