Product Data Scientist, International Payments

DiDi Chuxing ("DiDi") is the world's leading mobile transportation platform. The company offers a full range of app-based transportation options for 550 million users. Daily rides have reached 30 million, allowing more than 31 million drivers on the DiDi platform to find flexible work and economic opportunities.

About The Role

Payment has become the big thing in LATAM. The International Payments team at DiDi is building payment products in LATAM to not only strengthen our core ridesharing business but also to create innovative fintech solutions to our users in the region.

As a Data Scientist on the International Payments team, you will be responsible for understanding the payment product and growth performance through data, including finding insights and discovering new trends and engagement obstacles. You will need to have a solid foundation in analyzing data, relating it to business problems, and communicating analytic results with product managers and decision-makers in a clear and actionable fashion.

Responsibilities:

Define and analyze key metrics to inform decision-making and measure success

Collaborate with product managers, engineers, finance, and operation team to understand current situation and help key decision making

Communicate key results to key stakeholders and company leadership

Develop analytical frameworks to monitor business and product performance

Design and build machine learning models as part of the core product offerings.

Experience & Skills:

B.S. or M.S. Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, economics, applied math, operations research or engineering.

Working experience in digital payments, card payments, payment processing, etc.

Working knowledge of building statistical/machine learning models from inception to implementation.

2+ years of industry experience in a data science or analytics role

SQL is a must

Strong verbal and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners/teams

Fluent in Mandarin
