Employment Type

Full Time

Job Location

Austin, Texas

Description

Would you like to have a part in discovering next year’s hit book, movie or TV show? StoryFit is looking for an exceptional data scientist with NLP experience to work closely with our product team to develop and implement algorithms that impact the decision-making process for entertainment professionals.

This is a unique opportunity to join a dynamic group of creative and professional individuals destined to change the face of the entertainment industry. We are a lean startup team combining the disciplines of data science and media expertise in the tech-savvy community of Austin, Texas.

You will be responsible for building, measuring and optimizing the quality of StoryFit’s algorithms. We are focused on high-impact projects utilizing big data analytics and machine learning to improve discovery, evaluation, and predictive outcomes.

If you enjoy peering into the future and shaping its outcome, then you’re just who we’re looking for. (Preference is given to Austin-based candidates.)

Responsibilities

Provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables

Work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas

Qualifications

Experience in language-based algorithms and core platform technologies required for NLP

Intermediate experience in the use of statistical analysis environments

Familiarity with SQL, PostgreSQL, Python

Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms

Keen desire to solve business problems, and live to find patterns and insights within structured and unstructured data

Desire a fast paced, test-driven, collaborative and iterative engineering environment

Excel at making complex concepts simple and easy to understand by those around you

Driven to show the world the power of applied analytics

Bachelor’s Degree in operations research, applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, physics or a related quantitative discipline. Master’s Degree preferred.

2+ years of experience delivering world-class data science outcomes
