General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies.

General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems (GA-EMS) designs and manufactures first-of-a-kind electromagnetic and electric power generation systems. GA-EMS’ expanding portfolio of specialized products and integrated system solutions support critical fleet, space systems and satellites, missile defense, power and energy, and process and monitoring applications for defense, industrial, and commercial customers worldwide.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our Intelligent Analytics and Automation (IA&A) team in our Rancho Bernardo, CA location.The IA&A team creates Data Analytics solutions for multiple programs, including commercial and government programs, leveraging Open Source Software to ingest, store, and retrieve large volumes of data. We are looking for a developer who will be a member of a small agile group with strong Linux Based programming skills and knowledge of modern practices along with open source libraries who leverages Big Data applications to ingest, process, store, and serve data.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Serve as the client interface with responsibility across the entire life cycle, including requirements gathering and analysis, process, and systems definition, data analysis, presentation of analysis to clients in a format they can digest, and the development of algorithm-driven products and solutions.

Designs, develops, and integrates software applications on embedded and enterprise Linux for data acquisition, processing, and visualization.

Testing in both software-only and hardware/software environment including execution of integration tests to validate:

Hardware to software interfaces

Software to software interfaces

Functionality

Analyzing the hardware, software, and system requirements and implementation

Developing and testing code utilizing industry standard Big Data tools and frameworks

Establishing development and test tools

Identifying and resolving anomalies during test on various software-level and system-level platforms

Identifying and implementing required software modifications

Responsible for unit testing, integration testing, software maintenance, and documentation and meeting software quality and compliance standards.

Setup and configuration of HPC/HPDA systems to support data analytics.

Ability to organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; determine the appropriate approach at the task level and to provide solutions for a wide range of highly complex technical problems.

Preforms other duties as assigned or required.

We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

Job Qualifications

Typically requires a bachelors degree, masters degree or PhD in computer science, information systems or related discipline and progressive software development experience as follows; six or more years of experience with a bachelors degree, four or more years of experience with a masters degree, or two or more years with a PhD. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education.

Experience with object-oriented programming, including Java, Python, C, or JavaScript.

Experience with source control and dependency management software.

Experience with Linux administration.

Experience with Big Data, Cloud computing technologies, NoSQL systems.

Experience with building complex data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) pipelines into structured databases, data warehouses, or data processing systems.

Experience in developing solutions with and integrating and extending free and Opensource software (FOSS) or COTS products.

Other tools/skills desired: HPC, GPU, Hadoop, databases (SQL, NoSQL).

The applicant must be willing and able to travel.

Able to work extended hours as required.

US citizenship is required.

Travel Percentage Required : 0% - 25%

US Citizenship Required? Yes

Clearance Required? No
