COMPANY OVERVIEW

Founded in 2007, MartinFederal has provided the U.S. government with customer-focused, performance-based solutions using technology and an empowered workforce as an engine to drive its customers’ missions. Headquartered in Huntsville, AL, MartinFederal is one of a very small percentage of 8(a)’s and SDVOSB’s providing high-tech solutions to the Federal Government.

Our goal is to attract the best and brightest within their field. We work hard to bring a robust benefits package, fair pay, and to create a work environment that recognizes success, encourages community involvement, and promotes personal and professional growth. Consider joining our team today!

JOB OVERVIEW

MartinFederal is currently seeking a Data Scientist to provide support to the a dynamic IT program for the Department of Homeland Security. This position is located in the Washington D.C. area.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply complex analysis of data in support of mission problems, with expertise in problem solving, scripting in multiple languages, as well as the creation and/or implementation of tools and processes that aid in advanced analytics, testing and quality assurance, and DevOps;

Use and develop statistical analysis, modeling, simulation, and machine learning methods;

Scripting, data collection and data management services; performing enterprise-wide data collection, storage, and manipulation; and, developed and implemented automated testing frameworks.

Required Skills:

Clearance: US Citizen with an active DoD TS/SCI clearance

DHS HQ EOD required to start

BS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and ten (10) to fourteen (14) years of progressive experience, or an MS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline, and eight (8) to twelve (12) years of progressive experience, or a Ph.D. degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline and seven (7) to nine (9) years of progressive experience

Experience / Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities:

Experience with the following tools/languages: Python, R, Pig/Piglet, SQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, MSSQL;

Experience with IC GovCloud AWS cloud development and solutions architecture;

Experience with Agile Methodology/Scrum Development and DevOps;

Familiar with Jira and Confluence;

Experience working with multiple stakeholders, gathering requirements, analysis and integration resulting in informed deconning making, explaining highly technical concepts to a non-technical audience;

Preferred Qualifications (Nice to have but not required):

STATA, Mathematica, C++, bash, JMP, ROOT, Latex, MATLAB, Java, Javascript, XML, C++, MapReduce.

AWS Solutions Architect certification;

Certified ScrumMaster;

Master’s Degree/PHD

Physical Requirements:

Inside office environment;

Working at a computer or desk;

May involve long periods of sitting;

The work environment is fast-paced and sometimes involves extreme deadline pressures. The nature of the work requires a high degree of teamwork and cooperation with other members of the staff as well as individuals across the Company and Customers.

Other Duties:

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

MartinFederal is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, religious creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability, protected Veteran Status, genetics or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access MartinFederal’s current openings as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 855.212.1810. Thank you for your interest in MartinFederal Consulting.
