We are recruiting for a Data Scientist, PhD for our client in Connecticut. Location Boston, MA or Hartford, CT will likely be the preferred location for onsite work or at one of their other Northeast locations with some remote work likely. Very flexible.  We expect this to be a 6 to 12 month consulting assignment with extension or conversion to FTE possible down the road.  We need a Data Scientist with experience with Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (NPL) who has their PhD or ideal work experience. A seasoned professional who has experience consulting for companies, researching issues and solving their problems. Job Description As they develop an enterprise-wide data and digital strategy that moves them toward greater focus on the use of data and data-driven insights, they are seeking a ScientistSenior Scientist supporting their Applied Augmented Intelligence Center of Excellence (CoE).  In this role you will drive strategy and awareness of AI within their function and with their customers.   We seek candidates who have the skills and research experience to join a new team to push the boundaries of pure mathematics, theoretical statistics (incl. parametric and non-parametric Bayesian statistics) and machine learning (incl. deep learning and reinforcement learning). Required Skills Programming skills (Python, Java or C++), Machine learning (Natural Language Processing, Optimization and Linear Algebra). Details PhD degree andor postdoctoral experience in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, and allied disciplines.  4-8 years of experience in production level NLP systems A proven record of publications (in reputed conferences such as NIPS, COLT, UAI, ICML, AISTATS, JMLR, PAMI, CVPR, ICCV, and others) Strong software engineering skills Strong grounding in programming and systems design Strong grounding in machine learning (ML) approaches and techniques Strong interest in researching and implementing new ML related technologies for NLP and CV

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hartford, CT 06101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_78281dc402532d1ef3ee33a09f21811c
