Senior Data Scientist - San Francisco

Major new software platform fresh off a reverse acquisition of a slightly larger firm, dedicated to changing the scope and process of a legacy, but necessary, industry.  With money raised and actual revenue through their merger, success and growth isn't just a part of the game plan - it's already happening.

This Senior Data Scientist position is a special one - it'll combine elements of Python, data quality, and heavy NLP.  Is the data accurate?  Is it meaningful?  This is not a big data environment - we deal in quantity, yes, but quality first and foremost.       What You Need for this Position   - Natural Language Processing (NLP)
- Python and related data science libraries (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, SciPy)
- predictive modeling
- machine learning algorithm design, development, and deployment

We are seeking someone senior, a step or two out from management.  Are you an enthusiastic individual contributor with eventual leadership designs?      If you are a Senior Data Scientist with a genuine focus on data quality, please apply today!  We're looking forward to hearing from you and will interview immediately!   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94102 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Professional 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Executive (SVP, VP, Department Head, etc) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         RS2-1541068100
