ICF is currently looking for data scientist with data engineering, statistics, and predictive modeling skills to join our team. In this role you will join a thriving team working on some of our nations toughest problems, performing data analyses , summarizing trends and modeling impacts for both internal and external clients,

What you’ll be doing:

Design and develop statistical analyses, visualize the output of statistical models, present and interpret the output of predictive models, and perform quality assurance tasks on model code and output.

Identify important and interesting questions about large datasets, then translate those questions into concrete analytical tasks.

Build quantitative models with data, and communicate the results of those models to stakeholders

Help conceptualize, as well as perform, data analyses to summarize trends

Develop and execute database queries that in turn support developing/formatting modeling inputs

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a technical field: Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline

6-10+ years’ experience with modeling and quantitative analysis using standard statistical software such as R, Python, SAS

Strong familiarity with raw data preparation (structured, unstructured, and mixed datasets), exploratory data analysis, processing, classification, and prediction.

Experience working with and exploiting big data, distributed computing, predictive modeling, mathematics, statistics.

Knowledge of data mining and machine learning algorithms, theories, principles and practices. - 2+ years’ experience in SQL and procedural programming

Ability to obtain a security clearance

Preferred Skills/Experience:

Experience with Deep Learning capabilities

Experience with data warehouse design and development as well as data modeling for both relational and dimensional data models

Experience in reporting, story-telling and data visualization technologies such as Tableau, Shiny, Bokeh

Demonstrated experience showing strong critical thinking and problem solving skills paired with a desire to take initiative

Professional Skills:

Excellent listening, written, and oral communication skills paired with an excellent sense of humor

Ability to exercise independent judgment while effectively prioritizing and executing tasks while under pressure

Team player with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment ICF offers an excellent benefits package, an award-winning talent development program, and fosters a highly skilled, energized and empowered workforce.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity)

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .

Working at ICF

Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity)

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .

Fairfax, VA (VA01)
