Job Role- Data ScientistMachine Learning Engineer  Location- Basking Ridge, NJ Dallas, TX Atlanta, GA  MOI- PhoneSkype  Description   JOB DUTIES  Analyzes the requirements and evaluates technologies for data science capabilities including Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, predictive modeling, statistical analysis and hypothesis testing.  Comfort in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensional data from disparate sources  Uses large data sets to perform entity resolution and extraction for work products and creates models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action.  Develop advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, models complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.  Collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, and Data Engineers to produce work products.  Designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources  including big data sources.  Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems. Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.  Develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance. Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.    MUST HAVE SKILLS  Experience with data mining techniques such as scenario modeling, pattern detection, AB testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, deep learning and other types of analysis  Applied knowledge of Splunk, SPL and anomaly detection and visualization development. Applied knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau.  Familiarity with AWS and distributed data processing systems  Fluency with Python, R , Pytorch and Deep Learning techniques like TensorFlow  Experience working with large Big Data data sets and distributed computing tools a plus (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc.)  Evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Process (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). Superior written and oral communication skills.  8-10 years of experience.   EDUCATIONCERTIFICATIONS   Bachelor s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or related science and engineering field. Graduate Degree is preferred.  Ability to manage multiple assignments.  Regards  Shantanu  732-444-4766

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dallas, TX 75381 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_5e631ddcb32f0555b647d04357a1b994
