Overview:

What do you get when you bring together the brightest minds and place them into an exciting, fast-paced environment that fosters intellectual growth and rewards based on impact, not tenure?

You get one of the fastest growing consulting companies in the United States. While we may be a new name in consultancy, we were born from a storied one. Guidehouse was founded in 2018 as an evolution of PwC Public Sector with a mission to help our clients deliver on their mission; providing bold new strategies that catalyze transformative results across all ends of the enterprise. We embrace brilliance. We embrace independence. Join us.

Responsibilities:

Design, implement and deploy scalable, distributed solutions to support real-time NLP data analytic platform using modern AI principles and techniques. We are seeking individuals with both an understanding of the state of the art in NLP research and operational experience, in order to apply approaches to natural language understanding such as coreference resolution, event extraction, and relation extraction, to the problem of reasoning over large quantities of imprecise unstructured text. Advanced degree in NLP or a related discipline, such as computational linguistics, machine learning, or artificial intelligence. Experience implementing NLP techniques with social media and applying other non-traditional open sources to real-world mission solutions. Experience in the following areas: computational manipulation and analysis of natural language documents using statistical models, and experimenting with large corpora for developing and testing advanced algorithms.

Qualifications:

Required Qualifications

Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis

Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy

Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

2+ years of Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience

2 + years of statistical modeling experience using the R programming language

2+ years of Python experience

3+ years of SQL experience

3 + years of machine learning experience

Knowledge and understanding of Artificial Intelligence (AI) disciplines such as Machine Learning or Natural Language Processing

Hands-on NLP & ML (machine leaning) is must and must have worked with NLP packages such as Stanford NLP, NLPTK and other open-source libraries.

Experience with common NLP techniques, such as Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming)

Desired Qualifications

Knowledge and understanding of Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis)

Knowledge and understanding of modeling and word representations (TF-IDF, LSA, LDA, word2vec)

Experience working with big data infrastructure with tools such as Hive, Spark, Databricks and H2O

Experience with reading, understanding and implementing algorithms and other techniques from industry and academic publications

Educational Requirements

3+ years experience in the industry with relevant AI, NLP, ML design and build experience

A MS or Ph.D (Ph.D strongly preferred) in Engineering, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics or related fields

Ability to communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions

Disclaimer:

Guidehouse is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. Employment decisions will be made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, military status, veteran status, handicap, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or other characteristics protected by law.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Student Loan Paydown

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
