Position Description
POSITION TITLE: SENIOR DATA ANALYST
(Official classification title: Senior Management Analyst)
SALARY: $6,137.00 - $8,497.00 Monthly
$73,664.00 - $101,964.00 Annually

WORK LOCATION: Downtown Los Angeles

OPENING DATE: 07/9/2020

CLOSING DATE: 07/27/2020 at 11:59 PM PST
EXAM NUMBER: R9721D

TYPE OF RECRUITMENT: Open Competitive Job Opportunity
Essential Employees in Public Service
Continuation of court operations is considered essential for our constitutional form of government for providing due process and protecting the public. All Court employees are considered essential employees because they are needed to deliver the statutorily mandated, time-sensitive and emergency services in times of local, state and national emergencies.

ABOUT THE COURT
The largest trial court in the nation, the Los Angeles Superior Court (LASC) has more than 580 judicial officers holding tens of thousands of hearings each day, on more than 1 million new cases each year, supported by more than 4,500 court staff. The Court faces a wide variety of business intelligence (BI) needs: performance assessment, resource deployment, fiscal analysis, and others. In the midst of a significant improvement of its IT infrastructure, LASC is embarking on a campaign to significantly improve its BI capacity to exploit this data-rich environment.

ABOUT THE POSITION
To meet these needs, LASC is in need of senior data analyst with the skills and abilities to handle all stages of the data science task: extract, test and load; data wrangling; dashboard and report creation to help end users solve business problems. In addition, provides support on complex projects that require gathering data, analyzing information, identifying relevant facts, and presenting information and findings in appropriate formats, prepares charts, graphs memoranda, or other ad hoc reports for Court leadership, to convey operational, organizational, statistical, or financial information, and performance.

The ideal candidate loves to learn, as the Court environment is a rich mix of complex and challenging legal and administrative concepts, and as the Court faces a wide range of business challenges.

LASC uses the Microsoft stack and thus a strong candidate will have demonstrated skills with using Power BI, DAX, Visual BASIC, and/or Excel. Knowledge of SQL is plus, as is hands-on experience with statistical packages such as R, Stata, SPSS, SAS, and others.

For a detailed job description, please click here. Please note, the requirements in the job description may vary from the requirements in the bulletin. Applicants must meet the requirements stated in this bulletin.

TELEWORK OPPORTUNITIES
This position is eligible for partial telework following an initial training period.

The Court has implemented various programs that aim to achieve a balance between protecting the health and safety of our employees and delivering statutorily mandated essential services. This includes offering new remote technology options for court users that promote social distancing by both reducing the number of people appearing in person and allowing for more telework opportunities for employees.

FOCUS ON EMPLOYEE SAFETY AND WELLBEING

The Court offers unbeatable benefits:

Comprehensive benefits plan (with options for medical, dental, vision, disability, and life) | Deferred compensation plan with up to 4% salary match | Retirement plan (through LA County Employees Retirement Association) | Paid vacation and sick leave | 13 paid holidays per year

The Court is also implementing a new Here For You | Safe For You plan that includes:
Required use of face coverings by all judicial officers, employees and all Court visitors, with limited permissible exceptions | Managed social distancing with signs, floor, wall and seating markings inside and outside courthouses | Work with Sheriff’s Deputies to help manage social distancing requirements | Hand sanitizer and wipes offered at entrances, inside courtrooms and other high traffic areas | Enhanced disinfection and cleaning of courthouse facilities, including disinfectant cleaning of many areas twice daily in areas such as courtrooms, Clerk’s Office, and all high- traffic areas, such as hand rails, door handles and knobs, elevator areas and buttons, and escalators

SELECTION REQUIREMENTS:
To qualify, you must meet the following selection requirements at time of filing:

Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a major in statistics, mathematics, economics, public or business administration or a closely related field, with coursework in research methods, statistics, data analytics, management science, or other similar fields; -AND- Three years of recent progressively responsible experience conducting statistical studies, including researching, analyzing, gathering, transforming and cleansing data, to support business decision making.

Substitution: A Master's Degree in one of the above fields with coursework in research methods, statistics, data analytics, management science, or other similar fields will be accepted as substitution for two years of experience.
Note: Credit for experience is given based on a 40-hour workweek. Part-time experience is credited on a part-time ratio, i.e., working 20 hours per week for two months equals one month of experience. No additional credit is given for overtime.
Licenses; Certificates; Special Requirements:
A valid California Class C driver's license or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions.
EDUCATION/COURSEWORK VERIFICATION: A legible copy of your college transcript(s) (unofficial are acceptable) with the degree posted from the college or university must be submitted within 10 business days from application submission.

Documentation may be submitted as follows:
As an attachment to your online application. Attachment(s) should be in Microsoft Word or PDF format and should not exceed 10 MB;
As an email attachment to Bernadette Flores at bflores1@lacourt.org. Please indicate in the subject line "Senior Data Analyst - Degree Verification (Your Name)."

For a list of acceptable accredited institutions or international universities, please visit http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation, www.chea.org/search, or http://whed.net/home.php.

Foreign studies must be evaluated by an academic credential evaluation agency and deemed to be equivalent to degrees from the United States. For a list of acceptable evaluation agencies, please visit www.naces.org or http://aice-eval.org/members/. Foreign studies submitted without acceptable evaluation will be rejected.

DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS:
The ideal candidate will possess the following desirable qualifications:
Experience conducting research and/or statistical studies to support business decision making
Demonstrated experience using Power BI, DAX, Visual BASIC, and/or Excel
Knowledge of SQL concepts
Hands-on experience with statistical packages such as R, Stata, SPSS, SAS, and others
Excellent planning and organizational skills, including project management and facilitation
Strong analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Knowledge of Superior Court of California organization, programs, assignments, customer service, policies, goals, and objectives
EXAMINATION INFORMATION:
Part I: Qualifying evaluation of education, training and experience based upon submitted application materials and supplemental questionnaire.

Part II: An online examination, weighted 100%, covering the areas listed below. No person may complete this assessment more than once every 12 months.
WORK STYLES ASSESSMENT - Covering deductive reasoning, professional potential, achievement, independence, influence, confidence, optimism, and reliability.
COGNITIVE SKILL - Covering the ability to evaluate arguments, analyze scenarios, draw logical conclusions, and ability to make correct decisions or inferences from numerical or statistical data.
APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION:
Applications may only be filed online. To learn how to apply online, please access the Online Employment Application Guide. Los Angeles Superior Court reserves the right to verify all submitted documentation prior to appointment. The Court will only consider completed applications submitted, along with the required documents, and will reject incomplete applications. A resume will not substitute for a fully completed employment application. To facilitate the full and proper consideration of your work experience, clearly specify what professional experience meets the required job qualifications. When listing your work experience, please specify the beginning and end dates for each job you held and describe your experience for each position.

Please provide a current and accurate e-mail address for the Court to communicate with you about this job opportunity. Human Resources staff will notify all applicants of their application status via e-mail. We recommend that you add info@governmentjobs.com to your SAFE SENDERS list to avoid the notification being filtered as spam mail.

Los Angeles Superior Court is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodations to participate in the recruitment process can contact the email address provided below. For additional employment information, please click here.

Questions regarding this posting may be e-mailed to bflores1@lacourt.org.
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
We will notify you of the outcome after each step of the recruitment process has been completed. Applicants who successfully pass each (and all) examination part(s) will be placed on an eligible list good for one year. Other vacancies may be filled using this list.

Exam #R9721D
SENIOR DATA ANALYST
(Official classification title: Senior Management Analyst)

Applications may be submitted online at www.lacourt.org
OR via the HR computer kiosk at
Los Angeles Superior Court
Human Resources Administration
111 N. Hill Street, Room 203
Los Angeles, CA 90012

MegaFlex Benefit Plan - Benefits may be purchased using a tax free monthly benefits allowance of 14.5% - 17% of the employee's monthly salary or $1,200.00, whichever is greater. The percentage amount received is based on employee's years of service. If the monthly cost of the benefits selected is less than the monthly allowance, the employee receives the difference as additional taxable pay. Medical, dental, disability, life and AD&D insurance, annual leave, and health and dependent care spending accounts are available in MegaFlex. For further information click here.

Savings Plan (401k) - Optional tax-deferred income plan that includes a County match up to 4% of employee's salary.

Deferred Compensation Plan (457) - Optional tax-deferred income plan that includes a County match of up to 4% of employee's salary.

Leave Time - Instead of traditional sick and vacation leave, employees earn 10 days of annual leave per year and may buy up to 20 additional days of annual leave.

Holidays - 13 days per year.

Bereavement leave.

Retirement Plan - A retirement plan is provided to full-time employees.

If the candidate is a "new member" of the County's defined benefit plan (LACERA) on or after January 1, 2013, that person's pension will be limited under the Public Employees Pension Reform Act (PEPRA). For these purposes, a "new member" is someone who first becomes a member of LACERA on or after January 1, 2013 - that is, someone first employed by the County on or after December 1, 2012 - unless she or he established reciprocity with another public retirement system in which she or he was a member before January 1, 2013. For further information, visit lacera.com.

The Commuter Benefit Plan (CBP) - Allows employees to pay for eligible public transit expenses using pre-tax dollars (up to IRS limits).

The information contained herein concerning the benefit package available to incumbents in this classification is based on an employee's appointment to a full-time, permanent position in the Court service in this class. The specific benefit package any individual employee may receive is subject to change based on that employee's particular employment status and payroll title.

01

INSTRUCTIONS: The information you provide on this online supplemental questionnaire will be evaluated to determine your eligibility to participate in the next phase of the examination process. All questions must be answered. You are encouraged to respond as specifically and as completely as possible. Attaching or referencing a resume will not be considered responsive. Incomplete responses, false statements, omission of a material fact and partial information can result in disqualification.
Please check the box to indicate you have read and understood the instructions.

02

EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: This position requires graduation from an accredited college or university with a major in public administration, public policy, business administration, administration of justice, political science other closely related field. Which of the following best describes your highest level of education completed?
BACHELOR'S degree from an accredited four-year college or university with a major in public administration, public policy, business administration, administration of justice, political science other closely related field.
MASTER'S degree from an accredited college or university in one of the above stated fields.
DOCTORATE from an accredited college or university in one of the above stated fields.
CLOSELY-RELATED FIELD with coursework in research methods, statistics, data analytics, management science, or other similar fields.
None of the above

03

If the degree identified in question #2 is a "closely related field", please provide your major and a listing of the related coursework. If not applicable indicate N/A.

As a reminder, ALL applicants must attach a copy of their transcripts.

04

Describe a project you carried out to provide analysis supporting a business decision:
Briefly describe the business issue at stake;
The nature of the data used and its sources;
What tools were used to extract, transform, and load the data;
What tools were used for data analytics; and
What conclusions were drawn from the data.
Do not include any confidential or proprietary information in your description.

05

Los Angeles Superior Court uses the Microsoft stack and thus a strong candidate will have demonstrated skills with using the following statistical and/or computer software. Please check the area(s) in which you have verifiable experience:
a. Data Analysis Expressions (DAX)
b. Excel
c. Power BI
d. SPSS statistical software
e. SQL database and database querying languages
f. Stata statistical software
g. R statistical computing language
h. Visual BASIC
i. Other statistical software
j. None of the above

06

For each of the areas checked above, describe your verifiable experience. If not applicable, indicate NA. Use the following format:
Name of the employer(s)
Name of Supervisor
Supervisor telephone number
Describe the SPECIFIC DUTIES and LEVEL OF RESPONSIBILITY. Limit response to no more than 250 words.

* Required Question
