REQUIRED SKILLS- WORK W2 This Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer role is a 3 year LONG - TERM contract. We recently and successfully placed 3 Data Scientists on this team that is continuing to grow and expand within the Global Technology Solutions group. This person will be a part of the Systems of Insights team; they are particularly responsible for developing the Customer Intelligence Layer. They gather the data from their Consumer facing Websites and/or Mobile Apps and develop customer experience code to create a personalization of targeted campaigns, products and services.MUST HAVES:1. Solid understanding & experience working in a Hadoop 'Big Data' environment a. BIG DATA = ability to work with and process large subsets of data in the millions/billions/trillions of rows2. Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, Scala, PySpark, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. 3. Must have ability to write their own Machine Learning Algorithms from scratch in Python, PySpark, Scala and other ML/AI Technologies.PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITY/SCOPE OF WORK CONSISTS OF:* 80% - Data Prepping - Cleanse data into data subsets* 20% - Building Machine Learning Pipeline - Massage, Cleaning & Organizing (big) data for ML Pipeline. Building Models and Performing descriptive Statistics and Analysis to develop insights.IDEAL FIT: Ideally looking for a Machine Learning Engineer w/ NLP (Natural Language Processing). Someone who has transitioned from a Big Data Engineer to a Data Scientist using AI/ML. They need to have a thorough understanding of Hadoop/Big Data environments. Must able to work with data processing in the millions, billions or more data sets or rows in a large enterprise environment. They will have to have to use Python, PySpark, Spark, Scala to be able to scale their Hadoop (big data) platform. Must be able to perform scaled out deployments executed in the cloud. Must understand the nuances of algorithms and have the ability to write their own ML algorithms from scratch in Python, PySpark, Scala and other ML/AI Technologies.About TEKsystems:We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company.The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
