Position/Program Information
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES

EXAM NUMBER: Y4895T

OPEN COMPETITIVE JOB OPPORTUNITY

ORIGINAL POSTING DATE: 1/11/2012
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS A REBULLETIN TO UPDATE THE EXAMINATION CONTENT INFORMATION.

Special Salary Information: Due to the Manpower Shortage Recruitment, new appointments and current incumbents shall be compensated at Step 5 of the applicable salary range. This is in effect until June 30, 2020 or until it is determined that a shortage no longer exists, whichever is sooner.

DEFINITION: Performs a variety of standardized clinical laboratory tests within a specialized area (such as biochemistry, hematology, microbiology, or immunohematology) or across specialty lines using manual or instrumented methodology.
Essential Job Functions
Performs specific biochemical tests on body specimens such as whole blood, blood plasma, serum, urine, spinal fluid, gastric secretions and similar products to determine the presence and quantity of metabolic and endocrine substances such as glucose, albumin, protein, urea, electrolytes, enzymes, acetone bodies, thyroid proteins, reproductive hormones, and tumor markers or to identify the presence and amount of toxic substances such as drugs and poisons.
Performs macroscopic and microscopic examination of urine samples for the determination of blood glucose and albumin.
To detect the presence of acetone bodies, blood, bile derivatives, Bence-Jones protein, drugs and poisons in the urine using a urinometer and determines specific gravity of urine.
Conducts hematological tests such as red blood cell count, reticulocyte, platelet, eosinophil, and leukocyte counts.
Microscopically examines blood smears for abnormal cells, and performs blood sedimentation tests, hemoglobin determinations, and hematocrits.
Cultures, isolates, and identifies enteric pathogens, parasites, tubercle bacilli, pathogenic bacteria, fungi, and other micro-organisms in blood, sputum, urine, feces, exudates, tissues, spinal fluid and similar substances using standardized laboratory procedures.
Draws, groups, types, and cross-matches donor-recipient and patient blood.
Performs antibody screening tests and antibody identification tests to resolve cross-matching problems.
Issues whole blood and blood components for transfusion purposes and performs related blood bank activities.
Performs immuno serological test methods such as flocculation, agglutination, complement filtration, direct and indirect fluorescence, enzyme immuno assays, molecular pathology, and serologic tests to determine the efficacy of test performed and to identify the presence and measure the quantities of antibodies associated with various medical conditions.
Calibrates laboratory instruments following prescribed methods, and performs other quality control and improvement procedures to assure the operational accuracy of equipment and test reproducibility.
Performs manufacturer recommended period routine maintenance on such equipment.
Utilizes computer programs that operate in conjunction with laboratory equipment.
Enters test results, quality control and improvement data.
Provides instructions to medical personnel on specimen collection requirements such as the type of container and appropriate volume, type of preservative and other handling instructions.
Provides bench-level instruction on the detailed aspects of assignment to licensed trainees and new laboratory scientists and medical personnel in training.
Assists with inventory control, ordering supplies, storing supplies, stocking/restocking supplies and rotating supplies to ensure timely use.
Oversees the work of Laboratory Assistants and Phlebotomy Technicians assigned to assist with testing.
Requirements
Selection Requirements:
Valid and Current Clinical Laboratory Scientist's license, issued by the State of California Department of Health Services.*

Physical Class II– Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved.

License:
Clinical Laboratory Scientist license issued by the State of California Deparment of Health Services.*
Additional Information
Special Requirement Information:
*Applicants must attach a valid legible photocopy of their license to practice as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist at the time of filing. Applicants who currently practice and/or reside in another state, must have a valid and unrestricted license to practice as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist.

At the time of appointment, the successful candidate must have a license to practice as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist issued by the State of California Department of Health Services.

The required license must be current and unrestricted; a provisional, probationary or restricted license will not be accepted.

Special Information:
Appointees may be required to work any shift including evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays.

Available Shift:
Any

Examination Content:
This examination will consist of an evaluation of your experience based upon application information weighted at 100%.

Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher to be added to the Eligible Register.

Notification Letters and other correspondences will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that applicants provide a valid email address. Please add AMunoz4@dhs.lacounty.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and to the list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as SPAM/JUNK mail.

Vacancy Information
The resulting eligible register from this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the North County area only.

Eligibility Information:
The names of candidates receiving a passing score on the examination will be added to the eligible register and will appear in the order of their score group for a period of six (6) months following the date of eligibility.

No person may compete for this examination more than once every six (6) months.

Application and Filing Information:
APPLICATIONS MUST BE FILED ONLINE ONLY. APPLICATIONS SUBMITTED BY U.S. MAIL, FAX OR IN PERSON WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
Apply online by clicking on the "Apply" tab for this posting.You can also track the status of your application using this website.

All information is subject to verification. We may reject your application at any time during the examination and hiring process, including after appointment has been made. Falsification of any information may result in disqualification or rescission of appointment.

Utilizing VERBIAGE from the Class Specification and Selection Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED.

This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met. Application filing may be suspended at any time with or without advance notice.

Fill out your application completely. The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the selection requirements. Provide any relevant education, training, and experience in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week, description of work performed, and salary earned. If your application is incomplete, it will be rejected.

Applications electronically received after 5:00 p.m., PST, on the last of filing will not be accepted.

NOTE: If you are unable to attach required documents, you must e-mail the documents to the exam analyst, within 15 calendar days of filing online. Please include the exam number and the exam title.

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: All applicants must enter a valid social security number at the time of filing. Entering anything other than a valid social security number (i.e. 000-00-000, 111-11-111. etc.) will result in an automatic rejection of your application.

COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES: For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County.

NO SHARING OF USER ID AND PASSWORD: All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member's or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record.

Department Contact:
Andrew Munoz
(323) 914-7927 Office
AMunoz4@dhs.lacounty.gov

ADA Coordinator Phone:
(323) 869-7124

California Relay Services Phone:
(800) 735-2922
For detailed information, please click here
01
Do you possess a Valid and Current Clinical Laboratory Scientist's license, issued by the State of California Department of Public Health?
Yes
No
Required Question
