Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. Convoy offers the world’s largest companies the best option for moving their freight through its network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Shippers get instant quotes, real-time GPS tracking on all shipments, and actionable business analytics to improve their supply chain. Trucking companies get access to free tools and resources that allow them to find loads they want, drive fuller trucks, and get paid quickly. Convoy is growing quickly and hiring in every area. Come join a company that is literally moving the world forward!

Founded in 2015, Convoy is backed by this century’s leading disruptors, including the founders and CEOs of Amazon, Salesforce, eBay, Linkedin, Expedia, Dropbox, KKR, Starbucks, and others.

About Quality and Compliance:

Quality and Compliance is critical to Convoy's success, playing a role in every Convoy operational team. The Q&C team maintains and fosters a high-quality network of tens of thousands of trucking companies and helps to mitigate risk to Convoy and its customers. We provide analysis, research and guidance for Convoy as it expands into new geographies, services, and equipment types, and as trucking regulations change. The team comprises of people from diverse backgrounds and ways of thinking, pulling from the transportation industry, software, startups, and retail. We hire people who fit the attributes and values that we hold in high regard such as creative problem solving, outcome orientation, teamwork, humility, and great communication.

About You:

You thrive on solving problems and are skilled and experienced in analytics. You are curious, detail-oriented, and have high-quality standards. Seeing tangible results from your hard work is important for you. You are a problem solver and a generalist who is equally as comfortable talking to a truck driver as you are analyzing trends in a spreadsheet. You are good at process improvement and cross-team collaboration. You are a confident and skilled communicator. You understand why Convoy is the future of freight and are excited to take us to the next level!

You'll take ownership of:

Analysis and research projects to inform quality efforts/supply performance (i.e. on time, load completion, technology use), carrier engagement, and compliance (i.e. insurance, operating authority, safety scores).

Design, execute, and measure experiments to improve supply performance and scale experiments into automated features.

Identify trends across quantitative and qualitative data.

Create and administer audits of our internal processes.

Analysis and administration of carrier performance assessment program.

Track company compliance and performance metrics and report weekly.

Carrier outreach about performance and safety.

Provide support and guidance to internal operations and sales team members.

Responding to real-time load issues as they arise.

You have the following skills and experience:

Bachelor's degree and/or 4+ years in the military.

Minimum 2-5 years of data analysis and reporting experience.

Demonstrated ability to design and implement iterative data-and-customer-feedback based experiments.

Advanced ability to write SQL queries.

Advanced Excel user.

Moderate to advanced knowledge of statistics concepts - and demonstrated ability to put them into practice.

Experience with R and/or Python programing languages is a plus.

Demonstrated ability to identify problems, formulate strategies and tactics to solve problems, execute on those strategies and tactics, and measure the results.

Transportation operations/startup/tech experience a plus.

Excellent written and cross-functional communication skills.

A positive, tenacious and proactive attitude. Every individual on the team contributes to the team roadmap and mission.

Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. If you’re a passionate team player who wants to have an outsized impact on a diverse and dynamic team, we’d love to hear from you!
