Apex Systems combines with parent company On Assignment to make it the 2nd largest IT staffing agency in the country. Apex has an opportunity for a Data Scientist for a client in Stamford, CT. If interested in discussing the position further, please send an MS Word version of your resume to ASHLEY GRUNING, agruning@apexsystems.com Here are the details: Position: Data Scientist Location: Stamford, CT Rate: Negotiable Duration: PERM Day-to-Day Responsibilities: This person will be a Senior Manager on the Sales reporting analytics team. They will be responsible for 1-2 direct reports who will be database developers. This team manages a SQL database that pulls data from several key sources like leads, commission, PeopleSoft and a few others. They are looking for someone to come in, evaluate the database, and look for opportunities for efficiencies. This person needs to be able to be hands on with SQL Must Haves: SQL Data Analysis ETL Database design Leadership Nice to Haves: PeopleSoft SCM/ICOMS Teradata Toad Microstrategy Selling Points for Candidates: Excellent benefits, great PTO, terrific opportunity right now to get into new and growing teams with the recent acquisitions Fast paced, geographically diverse: Especially in Stamford, teams have members all over the country, and work especially close with St. Louis and Denver 13 year relationship, 2100 contractors placed in total, close to 400 on site nationwide right now. For this opportunity, you will also be eligible for benefits through Apex for the contract period, a W2 hourly rate, weekly pay, and direct deposit! Apex Systems Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and encourages female and minority applicants to apply. EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
