Position Description

A Principal Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with a business segment to determine long-term vision and provide analytical support and guidance. A Principal Data Scientist analyzes large data sets to develop multiple, complex custom models and algorithms to drive innovative business solutions. Principal Data Scientists work on large project teams in order to provide analytical support and guidance to a large project team (for example, email targeting, business optimization, consumer recommendations) within Walmart eCommerce. The algorithms built

Build learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis.

Combine data features to determine search models.

Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships.

Develop machine learning models to apply test data algorithms to future data.

Develop models of current state in order to determine improvements needed.

Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects

Ensures business needs are being met

Interpret data to identify trends to go across future data sets.

Lead project teams to develop innovative solutions to drive innovative business solutions.

Lead the implementation of data modeling solutions.

Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity

Provide guidance to cross-functional leadership regarding data modeling possibilities.

Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates

Research new techniques and best practices within the industry.

Review business strategies to ensure alignment across initiatives.

Scale new algorithms to large data sets.

Train algorithms to apply models to new data sets.

Translate business needs into data modeling initiatives.

Utilize system tools including (MySQL, Hadoop, Weka, R, Matlab,ILog).

Validate models and algorithmic techniques.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor of Science and 6 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 4 years' data science experience OR PhD.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Company Summary

What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
