Introduction

At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.

Your Role and Responsibilities

This Network Security Analytics Data Scientist will work with a team to create and implement analtyics which provide insight from the network engineering data lake (containging enterprise operational telemetry and logs). The created insight will identify security incidents and events, trends, future focus topics, operational efficiencies and other business impacts from the insights.

The individual will

1) Understand the industry's existing and contemplated future cybersecurity analytic tools and methods used within the industry and accedemia, and working with a team, create the architecture, select the solution components, then implement the tools.

2) Utilizing the implemented solution, perform analytics and data mining on IBM's operational network data contained within the Network Engineering's analytics data lake and SecurityNow to provide insight into security events, issues, trends, watch lists, etc.

3) Identify other sources of information pertinent to obtaining insight

4) Identify new analytic techniques and data element correlation and insight creation methods

5) Lead the organization in obtaining business value from the Network Engineering's data lake.

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

Four plus years experience in network architecture principles and practices, network operational skills and knowledge

Deep and broad knowledge of security concepts, practices, security controls

Knowledge and experience in

Programming skills

Data mining skills

Incident management skills,

Communication skills.

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

Certification in Networking

About Business Unit

The IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation. We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
