As a Sr. Data Scientist you will play a pivotal role in helping SEI remake higher education. The projects you will work on can fundamentally change education and have a profound impact on how learning is designed and delivered for decades to come.

The Sr. Data Scientist will analyze data using a myriad of statistical methods (including developing predictive models) to uncover actionable business insights across business areas and ultimately drives improvement in business results.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Support the Director of Advanced Analytics to advance analyses conducted within the organization from descriptive to prescriptive and ultimately predictive analytics.

Identify opportunities across the organization and leverage predictive analytics to improve business performance and reduce inefficiencies

Assemble, analyze and interpret large data sets from multiple sources to measure student ROI

Perform segmentation analyses to uncover insights so as to optimize the admissions process, drive higher student engagement, continuation and graduation rates

Analyze survey data to identify opportunities to increase student satisfaction and consequently ROI

Communicate analysis outcomes and implications in many formats within SEI

Education:

From a regionally accredited institution; Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics or Econometrics required

Masters preferred

Work Experience:

5+ years hands-on, working experience developing predictive models and conducting statistical analyses.

Experience working with large datasets

Job Skills:

Proficient in SQL and at least one of the following programming language (Python, R or SAS)

Proficiency in econometric or statistical experimental design, ability to design and implement model documentation and monitoring protocols

Advanced knowledge of applied statistical methodologies including least squares regression, logistic regression, sampling methodologies, cluster analysis, decisions trees, multivariate methodologies

Creative thinker and problem-solver who can effectively collaborate across teams and functions.

Knowledge of machine learning is preferred

Certificates, licenses and registrations:

None

Other:

Must be able to travel 5% of time.

Must be able to lift 10 lbs.

Typical office setting.

Mobility within the office including movement from floor to floor.

Travel via plane, car, and metro may be required to perform this job.

Access information using a computer.

Effectively communicate, both up and down the management chain.

Effectively cope with stressful situations

Strong mental acuity.

Intellectually curious and a willingness to explore new approaches to solving business problems

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete our application process, please contact our Human Resources Department at Careers@strategiced.com.
