JOB DESCRIPTION

Operation Analytics Manager - true[X]

true[X] is the leading engagement advertising platform. We deliver effective advertising for on-demand, interactive media to reach consumers across devices (i.e. desktop, mobile, and CTV) through our premium video, productivity and gaming publishers. Originally founded in 2007, true[X] is headquartered in Los Angeles and New York, with additional offices in Chicago, and Seattle.

The true[X] Advertising Operations team handles all technical aspects of campaign management, network optimization, and revenue analysis. We are looking for an Operation Analytics Manager for our West Los Angeles office. This position offers full immersion into our ad technology platform with room for growth and personal advancement. Reporting to the Vice President of Advertising Operations, the Ops Manager will also work closely with engineering, sales, strategy, business development, and QA.

true[X] is a fast paced, all hands on deck company where everyone's contributions make an impact. The ideal candidate has a strategic, analytical, and creative mind. We are looking for candidates who want to learn, challenge themselves and contribute to our growing business. If you are up for the challenge of revolutionizing the advertising industry, then we want you!

Responsibilities
Work alongside internal teams (engineering, sales, business development, QA) and external teams (network partners) to implement and oversee business and revenue operations
Develop solutions to streamline and scale processes utilizing programming tools to increase efficiencies between AdOps and other departments
Quickly familiarize oneself with our databases to analyze and provide actionable insights for business team
Provide sales and strategy teams with risk analyses to determine campaign viability pre/post sale
Assist our engineering department in identifying, reporting and resolving technical issue
Set up, launch, and optimize campaigns in our proprietary platform true[Exchange]
Monitor campaigns throughout their lifecycle, while communicating with account managers, business development and QA to ensure full and ideal campaign delivery
Keep up with internal and external, current and upcoming technology product capabilities
Requirements
Bachelor degree in a relevant technical field (mathematics, economics, sciences or engineering)
Experience and willingness to learn Excel, SQL, R, Python, Tableau and other quantitative tools
Tend to think linearly with strong analytical, problem-solving capabilities
Have outstanding writing and communication skills; ability to present your ideas to a wider audience through e-mail and PowerPoint
Proactive and motivated to learn from colleagues
Organized and can prioritize multiple projects to meet deadlines
Superb troubleshooting skills and attention to detail
A team player with an ability to collaborate across departments, skilled at building and maintaining interpersonal relationships
~2 years of relevant work experience
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.

About true[x]:

About The Walt Disney Company:

The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney's stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.

This position is with trueX, Inc., which is part of a business segment we call true[x].

trueX, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.

Apply Now

THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY CAREERS PRIVACY POLICY

Last Updated: November 6, 2019

The Walt Disney Family of Companies value your trust and are committed to the responsible management, use and protection of Personal Information. Personal Information is any information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual (defined more fully below). This privacy policy (the "Policy") describes our treatment of information that is provided or collected on our career websites, such as jobs.disneycareers.com, 21cfcareers.com, on applications received through third-party sites or platforms, and wherever this Policy is posted ("Careers Sites"), and also offline in connection with your application for a job, position or internship with The Walt Disney Family of Companies. Personal information submitted outside the Careers Sites or to us in connection with your application, will be used in accordance with those websites' privacy policies. Please read this Policy carefully prior to submitting any Personal Information.

Table of Contents:
Who we are
Information We Collect
Use of Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Data Retention
Access and Correction
Security
Links to Third-Party Websites
Data Transfers and Applicable Law
About Children
Additional Information for the EEA Only
Changes to the Policy
Contact Us
Who we are

The Careers Sites allow you to apply for jobs at The Walt Disney Family of Companies worldwide, as a benefit of our global recruitment function. This means that Personal Information you submit to us will be used by our global recruitment functions located in the United States, as well as by The Walt Disney Family of Companies across the world, depending on the position you apply for.

A member of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, which includes many different brands, will be the data controller for your information. This Policy also applies to the collection and use of your Personal Information by any other member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies that may need access to information, depending on the position you are applying for. Any subsequent hiring or other employment-related decisions will be made by the relevant member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies in accordance with the laws of the country where the job will be located and a separate employee privacy policy will be provided, if required by applicable data protection law.

Information We Collect

INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE

We may collect the following information from you in connection with your application:
Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other contact information;
Username and password;
Work authorization status;
CV, résumé, cover letter, previous work experience and education information;
Skills;
Professional and other work-related licenses, permits and certifications held;
Information relating to references;
If disclosed, any special needs or health condition and information relating to accommodations that you may request during the recruiting process
Any other information you elect to provide to us (e.g., employment preferences, willingness to relocate, desired salary, awards or professional memberships).
If we hire you or extend you a job offer, we may collect additional information from you related to your employment:
Information necessary to process payroll, tax, or general personnel administration;
Information related to your benefit entitlements (e.g., pension schemes, healthcare, life insurance, and related schemes);
Gender, race, or ethnic origin for purposes of complying with anti-discrimination or diversity laws, where applicable;
Marital status; and
Contact details for notifying your next of kin and for arranging medical attention.
Any information you submit through the Careers Sites must be true, complete and not misleading. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action including immediate termination of employment. In addition, it is your responsibility to ensure that information you submit does not violate any third party's rights.

If you provide us with Personal Information of a reference or any other individual as part of your application, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that individual prior to providing the information to us.

COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES

We collect information through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons, including when you visit the Career Sites using one or more devices, whether or not you are logged in or registered. We may also collect device and usage information when you use the Learning Site, including information that your browser or device sends such as unique device identifier, IP address, browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the Learning Site, language preferences, and cookie data. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being placed on your device, or you can choose to block all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. Web browsers can transmit Do Not Track signals that indicate that a user does not wish to have activity tracked. Currently, no universally accepted standard exists for how to interpret such signals, although work to create consensus is ongoing.

We also collect information using analytics tools, including when you visit the Career Sites. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, please see our Cookie Policy for more information.

INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES

We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as from your references in connection with your application, as permitted by applicable law.

SENSITIVE INFORMATION

In certain cases, we will ask you about race/ethnic origin, gender, and disability for the monitoring of equal opportunity compliance. We also inquire about criminal records, where permitted by applicable law. If we hire you or extend you a job offer, we may also collect information related to benefit entitlements and marital status, as described above. We may process such data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim by us, with your explicit consent, or where necessary for the purpose of carrying out our obligations and for the exercising of our rights or your rights in the context of employment or social security law.

Except as specifically requested or legally required, we ask that you avoid submitting information which may qualify as sensitive information under applicable law. Sensitive personal data includes personal data regarding your racial or ethnic origin; your political opinions, religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature; whether you are a member of a trade union; data regarding your physical or mental health or condition; your sexual orientation; and data regarding the commission or alleged commission of any criminal offense.

Use of Information

The information that you submit on the Careers Sites will be used to consider your application for the specific position you applied for and in particular to: (a) process your application (including the receipt and review of your application, to verify information you provide, and to check your references); (b) assess your capabilities, qualifications, and suitability for a job; (c) respond to your inquiries and communicate with you about your application, and (d) keep records relating to our hiring process.

If we hire you, Personal Information we collect in connection with your application also may be used to pre-populate some fields in our human resources system. Any such information may become part of your employee file and will be subject to our privacy policy for employees, if required under applicable data protection laws. You will be allowed to amend this information at any time.

We will use your information as permitted by local law, to protect our rights including to: (a) enforce this Policy and our terms and conditions; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (c) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

Where required, we will use such information to:
comply with or monitor compliance with any applicable law or regulation; and
respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
Providing Personal Information to us through the Careers Sites is necessary for us to fulfill all of the purposes listed above. If you fail to provide sufficient information, we may be unable to consider your employment application.

Please note, that your Personal Information also will be used for our global personnel recruiting function, should your profile be suitable for positions other than the one for which you applied. In such case, the information about you will be added to our international candidate database and may be used to consider you for opportunities at The Walt Disney Family of Companies other than the one(s) for which you applied. Such additional processing will be carried out with your consent, if such consent is required by applicable law, or on the basis of our legitimate interest in maintaining applicants' records to facilitate recruiting within its global operations; such legitimate interest is adequately balanced with your interest in being considered for other positions that may suit and interest you.

Finally, your Personal Information may be used by us to complete a corporate transaction, such as a proposed or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our businesses, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Such activity also is performed on the basis of the legitimate interest of The Walt Disney Family of Companies and its possible counterparties to perform such economic activities (corporate transactions). That interest is adequately balanced with your interest, since the data processing is performed within the limits strictly necessary to perform such economic activities

Disclosure of Personal Information

We may share Personal Information with The Walt Disney Family of Companies that are involved in evaluating candidates for a given position. We will make the information available to personnel with a need to know the information for the purposes described in this Policy, including personnel in the recruiting, human resources and information technology departments, and in the department responsible for the position(s) for which you are applying or for which you are being considered.

We may share Personal Information with our third-party service providers, who provide services such as hosting and operating the Careers Sites, recruiting assistance, background checks, processing and similar services.

Data Retention

We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy and in accordance with our records retention policies. After this period, your Personal Information will be deleted from our systems, except for: (i) longer periods where the retention of information is necessary due to litigation or other legal proceedings, requests from competent government authorities, or in compliance with applicable laws; or (ii) shorter periods where required by applicable law.

Access and Correction

If you register on the Careers Sites, you may access, review, and change your Personal Information stored therein by logging into the Careers Sites and updating your account information. Please note that if you change or correct information after submitting it through the Careers Sites, such changes will be visible to us. The updated profile will be used as the default the next time you apply for a job using your account online.

Apart from information contained in your profile, you may request access to your Personal Information that we collect, or its modification, correction, or deletion, where permitted by applicable law. Please contact us by email or mail using the details in the "Contact Us" section below with any such requests. In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to access or have changed, whether you would like to have Personal Information that you have provided to us deleted from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that certain Personal Information may be exempt from such access, correction, or suppression rights pursuant to local data protection laws.

Security

The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

In all cases, Disney takes appropriate steps to ensure that Personal Information is stored securely and that access is restricted only to those with a legitimate purpose.

Links to Third-Party Websites

The Careers Sites may contain links to other websites. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Careers Sites link. Privacy choices you have made on third party websites or services will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through the Career Sites and offline. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Career Sites and to read the legal notices posted on other sites, including their privacy policies.

Data Transfers and Applicable Law

We operate globally and may transfer your Personal Information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this Policy. Wherever your Personal Information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Information. Additionally, when using or disclosing
