Job Description

When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals.

Responsibilities:

Apply advanced data mining techniques to build models to optimize marketing activities (lead scoring, customer journey, customer acquisition, up sell and cross sell, market baskets and customer experience and retention).

Collaborate closely with marketing managers on implementing model output and evaluating the effectiveness of marketing tactics.

Develop reports, visualization, and key performance indexes to track effectiveness of marketing & guide marketing decisions

Perform AB & multi-variate testing to measure impact of data science.

Minimum Qualifications:

3+ years of experience with machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling tools & underlying algorithms.

3+ years of experience in SQL.

2+ year of experience in building algorithms and models using R, Python & Scala.

1+ year of experience in PowerBI.

A strong background in data analysis, predictive statistical modeling, customer profiling and segmentation, experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests. Experience with collaborative filtering.

A strong background in theory of statistics.

Excellent written and oral communication skills, including an ability to communicate across business areas and with global team.

Ability to work with stakeholders and communicate the benefits of data science algorithm.

Ability to lead projects and manage process and organizational change.

BS in computer science, data science, data analytics, or applied statistics.

Preferred Qualifications:

MS in computer science, data science, data analytics, or applied statistics.

Experience with Natural Language and Text processing.

Work Experience in Genetics and Bio Engineering.

Experience in SAS in addition to Python and

At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 55,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Apply today http://jobs.thermofisher.com

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

If you are an individual with a disability who requires reasonable accommodation to complete any part of our application process, click here for further assistance.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
