The PALACE Acquire Program offers you a permanent position upon completion of your formal training plan. As a Palace Acquire Intern you will experience both personal and professional growth while dealing effectively and ethically with change, complexity, and problem solving. The program offers a 3-year formal training plan with yearly salary increases. Promotions and salary increases are based upon your successful performance and supervisory approval.Any individual who was awarded a degree by an institution of higher education from a PUBLIC or other non-profit institution not more than two years before the date of appointment meets the basic eligibility requirement to apply for the DHA Recent Graduates Program;

OR

Any individual who has completed a period of obligated service in a uniformed service of more than four years and was awarded a degree by an institution of higher education from a public or other non-profit institution not more than four years before the closing of this announcement meets the basic eligibility requirement to apply for the DHA Recent Graduates Program.

You MUST provide transcripts to support your educational claims. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Please submit copies of all transcripts, to include transferred hours-official copies are not required at time of application. If selected, you will be required to provide official copies of all transcripts. NOTE: Degree Audits are not accepted.

If you qualify based on undergraduate, or higher level education, and you have not graduated prior to applying for this position, you may be offered a position, contingent upon your final grade point average or class ranking.

You must have completed a 4 year course of study leading to a bachelor's from an accredited institution AND must have documented Superior Academic Achievement (SAA) at the undergraduate level in one of the following:

a) Class Standing - upper third of the graduating class based on completed courses in the college, university, or major subdivision;
b) Grade Point Average - 2.95 or higher out of a possible 4.0 as recorded on your official transcript or as computed based on 4 years of education or as computed based on courses completed during the final 2 years of curriculum; OR 3.45 or higher out of a possible 4.0 based on the average of the required courses completed in your major field or the required courses in your major field completed during the final 2 years of your curriculum. If more than 10 percent of total undergraduate credit hours are non-graded, i.e. pass/fail, CLEP, CCAF, DANTES, military credit, etc, you cannot qualify based on GPA;
c) Election to membership in a national scholastic honor society (note: freshman honor society cannot be used to meet the requirements of this position). (If qualifying based on class standing or honor society membership, provide appropriate documentation).

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
Performs computer science tasks of limited scope and difficulty which are screened by a higher grade computer scientist/engineer.
Some knowledge of work processes and the capability to apply standard computer science/engineering practices are required to directly apply varied rules, procedures and precedents to the assignments.
Perform computer science work of limited scope and complexity in support of projects assigned to higher grade computer scientist/engineers.
Plan work procedures and selects standard practices and data to be applied to work projects and identify problems.
Search for information to bear on a problem and recognize situations which may require referral to others
Basic Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions.

In addition to meeting the basic entry qualification requirements, applicants must have specialized experience and/or directly related education. All educational requirements must be met not later than 31 Aug 2020.You may qualify if you meet one of the following:1

GS-7: You must have completed or will complete a 4 year course of study leading to a bachelor's from an accredited institution or one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least a GS-05.

GS-9: You must have completed 2 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a master's degree or master's or equivalent graduate degree or one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least a GS-07.

Qualified candidates will be considered in accordance with the Office of Personnel Management . You can also visit: http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/standards/index-Standards.asp for additional qualification standards. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience, click on the following link:http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/standards/indexes/num-ndx.asp

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas as a GS-07 or GS-09:
Professional knowledge of computer science, policies, theories, principles and concepts to apply to scientific methods and techniques to solve assigned problems.
Professional knowledge of theoretical foundations of computer science, including digital computer systems architecture and systems software organization.
Professional knowledge of computer science and related disciplines to design, develop and adapt scientific methods and techniques to recommend solutions for computer problems.
Ability to analyze, interpret and apply computer science procedures in a variety of situations and recommend effective solutions to senior scientist.
Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Once the application and selection process is complete, a review of your application will be made to ensure you meet the applicable OPM qualification requirements. To determine if you are qualified for this job, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made. Applicants who fail to provide the necessary documentation to support their educational grade point average/master's degree requirements, qualifying experience or veterans' preference claim will be determined incomplete, ineligible or not identified as claiming veterans' preference. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your consideration in the referral and selection process.
