Data Scientist II

Job Locations (All) | US-KS-Lenexa

Posted Date 2 days ago(8/14/2019 12:45 PM)

ID

2019-55978

Overview

Do you want to watch clinical technology change, or do you want to be the one to shape it through analytics? Because we’re hoping you’re here for the latter.

Who are we?

We are 16,000+ employees strong, operating in more than 85 countries. We are committed to saving lives and we are constantly striving to be the best at what we do. Our impact is real, and we see it every single day. We help get life-saving drugs into the hands of those who need them most.

Who are you?

You are a forward thinker. You are an innovator that refuses to settle. The idea of using your problem-solving and interpersonal skills to help others excites you. You want to push the boundaries and change not just what it means to be a Data Scientist; you want to change the future. You want to learn from the best, grow your knowledge and your skill set, and you want to build your career. You want to use the latest technology and tools in the industry to push the momentum of an already growing company forward. You want to find a balance that still lets you be, well, you. Most of all, you want to do it in a place where you’re more than an employee number…a place you love working.

Still here? Good. If this is you, we’d really like to meet you.

Responsibilities

What will you be doing?

Every data point has a story, and every analysis unfolds that story. As a Data Scientist, you will collaborate with people across PRA to transform pharmaceutical research and the healthcare industry through advanced analytics. Using our extensive clinical trial and healthcare datasets, you will build predictive models to reduce uncertainty for PRA and our clients. Teaching and learning on a highly collaborative data science team will be central toward your growth and the team’s growth. So, if you love collaboratively developing data analytics to tell impactful stories, you’ll love joining our team.

In addition you will:

Assist in development of automating predictive modeling products and text analysis products.

Work with customers to understand the questions they would like to understand from their data.

Determine what potential product the customer is looking for (dashboard, predictive modeling, statistical analysis, text mining, etc.)

Establish critical quality control steps and ensure continuous reliability of work produced.

Work with domain experts to understand the proper preparation of data to drive analysis.

Create visualizations and reports to articulate technical results back to the customer in a way that is easy to understand.

Collaborate with ETL/Data Prep experts to make the entire data flow and iterations more efficient.

Assist in establishing and implementing quality control measures.

Qualifications

What do you need to have?

3+ years’ experience solving real data problems to drive customer satisfaction.

The ability to run turn-key analytics from data acquisition, data prep, analysis, and reporting of results.

BS and/or MS degree in a quantitative discipline: Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, etc. preferred

To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced skills in a scripting language such as Python, R, or Scala. Proficiency in SQL.

Expertise in at least one statistical software package, preferably R or SAS JMP.

Good understanding of Machine Learning techniques, including regression, classification, clustering, and deep learning.

Ability to establish and follow collaborative team habits for speed and clarity of model deployment.

Exposure to big data technology, including Apache Spark.

Exposure to cloud computing infrastructure, such as Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure.

Ability to translate complex business problems into technical and actionable analytic solutions.

Great communication skills

Great attention to details that are critical in arriving to correct conclusions.

Very organized and flexible team player that is able to assess priorities, work independently, multi-task, and meet deadlines.

PRA is an EEO/AA employer and is committed to providing opportunities to minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Options

Apply for this job onlineApply

Share

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed

Connect With Us!
