DHS USCIS - Operations / Data Scientist

Washington, DC

IT Coalition is seeking an Operations/Data Scientist to support the DHS USCIS - Field Operations Directorate (FOD) Technical Assistance Support Services (TASS) program.

IT Coalition, Inc. is an information technology and consulting company focused on servicing the needs of the Federal Government. IT Coalition’s mission is to apply earned expertise in information technology and information assurance/security to assist this client in achieving its mission. IT Coalition is located in Alexandria, VA and offers outstanding compensation and benefits plan and a challenging and rewarding professional work environment.

POSITION DETAILS:

Provide Performance Quality and Data Integrity (PQDI) support through program management and technical support in planning and maintaining oversight of project plans, performance models, and production analysis.

Design and create usable templates to generate tools and reports at specific intervals, such as weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, semi-annually, etc. in support of the mission.

Conduct data analysis, operations research methodologies, and develop models that will be used to inform operational decision making.

Provide support functions, management or strategic consulting, program planning, production and resource planning, audits and evaluations, studies, scenarios, and reports relating to mission-oriented business performance and programs.

Operations Analyst Responsibilities:

Identify and report all relevant production trends and developments, operational and performance issues, and areas of concern, improvement and weaknesses. Formulate and apply mathematical modeling and other optimizing methods to develop and interpret information to assist management with decision making, policy formulation, and other performance management functions.

Utilize statistical process control, regression analysis, trend analysis, and other statistical tools and methods to design, build and implement analytical models used in the identification and categorization of data anomalies, production trends, revenue and receipt forecasting and other relevant performance measures.

Assist in evaluating and recommending methods to optimize operations across departments.

Design and implement linear programming, economic and other models to assess operations-specific requirements, performance and optimization levels with regard to production output, revenue generation, cost structure, and staffing resources.

Meet and discuss gathered data and related analysis with other departments to include but not limited to Finance, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Field Operations Field Offices, Service Center Operations, International Operations, Fraud Detection & National Security, Management Directorate, and many others.

Design and implement other performance initiatives as needed to adequately capture changes in management focus on performance variables.

Provide quality assurance planning and support services. Conduct program research and data collection. Conduct special projects, analysis and reports.

Assist in development of program policies and procedures by conducting business analysis to evaluate impacts of policies and procedures on business operations to inform management’s decision making.

Recommend and assist with program management best practices.

Formulate and apply mathematical modeling and other optimizing methods to develop and interpret information that assists management with decision making, policy formulation and other managerial functions.

Use big data mining and optimization, statistical analysis regarding (i.e. workload projections, cycle times, and performance), and mathematical modeling to identify solutions that will help the client operate more efficiently and effectively.

Develop new performance evaluation models that can be replicated and deployed across the business.

Interface with the client to fulfill all requirements in data gathering, reporting, analysis and verification of quality and production management data.

Coordinate with managers from the operating divisions within the business to gather feedback regarding any projects and issues with the field to provide recommendations and solutions.

Requirements

Operations Analyst Requirements:

Must be a US Citizen.

Bachelors’ degree required; Masters’ degree in Business Administration or Applied Economic Analysis with a focus in Business Economics, or Operations Research desired.

7+ years of experience in data analysis/operations research/business analysis

Demonstrated experience in using big data mining to inform business decision making.

Demonstrated expertise in developing business performance assessment models using optimization, statistical, mathematical and economic analysis tools and approaches.

Skilled in Microsoft Excel and Access, SAS, Oracle OBIEE, Tableau, and other tools.

Demonstrated experience working with IT to translate models developed into enterprise tools.

Benefits

Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, Education Reimbursement, PTO
