The Challenge

The Adobe Document Cloud Data Science team is looking for Data Scientists who can help us build data pipeline and analytics solutions that will drive the success of our Document Cloud business. You will have the opportunity to exercise creativity in problem solving by delivering inventive new solutions within our data ecosystem. We invite you to join a team of passionate data professionals to elevate our customer experiences to the next level.

What you’ll do

Help define and drive roadmap for delivery of usage analytics to business stakeholders

Work with product and business teams to understand data needs, provide in-depth analytics support and share associated business insights

Partner with other data scientists to capture and define data requirements, and build the necessary tooling required to ensure timely delivery of high-quality data

Perform regular ad-hoc data querying and analysis to better understand customer behaviors including acquisition, engagement, conversion and retention

Gather, synthesize and interpret disparate quantitative information sources, develop meaningful insights and clearly disseminating to key partners

Build and update regular reporting

Understand, monitor, QA and collaborate with business stakeholders to ensure ongoing data quality

What you need to succeed

A strong proficiency in querying and manipulating large data sets for analytical purposes using SQL-like languages (Hive/Hadoop experience preferred)

Data Engineering experience

Familiarity with big data platforms such as Hadoop

Experience with programming language such as Python, R

Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau/Power BI

Understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining concepts, and a record of solving problems with these methods.

BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other technical fields. Master is preferred

2 - 5 Years of experience

Excellent communication, relationship skills, and a strong team player.

At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.

If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.

Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
