Requirements/Job Duties

The Organization

WWT is one of the USA's largest system integrator with over $11 billion in revenue and has been featured on Fortune's Great Place to Work list for 8 years in a row. We integrate technology to serve the business purposes and objectives of our customers. Through our culture of innovation, we inspire, build and deliver business results, from idea to outcome.

With over 5,000 employees globally, our customers include 70% of the Fortune 100 companies and sit across all domains including telecom, finance, industrial, retail and manufacturing.

The Team

The Business and Analytics Advisors team aligns business strategy with the technology, people, process, and solution choices our clients need to make. We help our clients make the right investments in analytics that offer business value. Our Data Science team has been involved with building cutting edge solutions in various domains that employ everything from regression models to deep learning over GPUs and holds several innovative patents.

The analytics industry is always evolving and it's our mission to stay on the cutting-edge of it. This means exciting career opportunities and a culture of innovation that promotes hyper collaboration with some of the brightest minds in the field.

Many enterprises are trying to make the transition from data built around the company to being a company built around the data. We help our customers along that journey on the data maturity curve. We help them make data analysis a key part to the way their business is run by using sophisticated technology approaches to how they generate data.

Role Overview

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will collaborate with a large, multi-disciplinary team of solution architects, engineers and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. You will not only work on large scale projects to provide value to the customers but are also routinely involved in building our internal R&D capability to have an edge in the big data industry. We work on providing big data solutions to a wide range of clients coming from various domains including oil & mining, financial services and retail industry.

Qualifications

Responsibilities

Work closely with customers and WWT business, engineering and technology teams

Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.

Work on advanced analytics areas like deep learning and complex statistical data analysis

Interaction with clients including in-person meetings, towards making business recommendations with effective presentations of findings, including visual displays of quantitative information

Develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods/models to provide the business solution to the clients

Research and develop internal capabilities to enhance the skill-sets on latest data science developments, work towards producing innovative solutions to the existing challenges

Perform quality control of deliverables

Provide thought leadership in algorithmic and process innovations, and contribute to creativity in solving unconventional problems

Qualifications

Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, computer science, economics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering or other STEM fields)

5+ years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / scientific researcher)

Analysis

Experience with writing SQL queries, performing basic conversion and transformations (e.g. formatting date string), and obtaining statistical summaries by using windowing functions.

Experience with usage of R/RStudio, Python, Jupyter Notebook

Experience with version control tool like Git

Strong experience with Excel and PowerPoint to present results

Ability to write scripts to automate ETL tasks

Problem Solving

Ability to run standard model algorithms in R and Python, to perform: classification/regression, clustering, basic text analytics, image recognition, etc. E.g. run a classification problem using random forest, and obtain the variable importance, produce performance metrics/KPIs; run a k-means clustering problem, produce a KPI to quantify the goodness of clusters

Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem

Experience with charting tools & knowledge of the proper charting tool to use, whether Excel or Tableau. For instance, when to use box-and-whiskers plot, when to use waterfall. Ability to zoom-in to smaller data sets in Tableau or display subcategories

Capable of running multiple scenarios and pick up the optimal solution

Capable of understanding advanced mathematical or physical explanations, to implement or execute the requested tasks. E.g. Fourier Transform, Power Spectral Density, Monte Carlo simulation, etc.

Actively participates and contributes in brain-storming session. Can work seamlessly with people from other disciplines: IT engineers, client SMEs, business consultants

Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations

Team & Business Skills

Consistently improves communication skills, both verbally and in written materials

Demonstrated creativity in problem solving

Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.

Flexibility in task switching. For instance, when there is urgent requests or change of projects, can accommodate the changes without protesting

Mindful of iterations and quality check in a smaller team, before presenting results to larger audience

Raises critical issues when detected
