About the team

Zillow is looking for an outstanding Data Scientist to join a growing team. Zillow is on a mission to give consumers certainty and control when selling their home. In particular, using our unparalleled data, and view into housing markets, to help build a world-class platform for real estate marketplace optimization. In the Zillow Offers product, Zillow buys homes directly from interested homeowners, thereby sparing them the tremendous stress and effort of selling. Instead, we take that upon ourselves by quickly preparing these homes for the market and sell them to buyers. This is a key initiative at Zillow as we seek to define the future of real estate.

Our team is tasked with absorbing up to billions of rows of data from various sources, organizing them, analyzing them, and visualizing them to help inform both short- and long-term decision-making. Our structure is very flat and you will find yourself working with many different researchers and data science leaders across the company. You will have the chance to help us fine-tune many of our existing models that support Zillow Offers, by helping us build out reporting around our machine learning models, run ad-hoc data analyses, and help us run and administer different experiments.

About the role

Once you are here, you'll work to make important decisions that influence the direction of the company. More specifically:

You will dive into and explore Zillow's rich set of internal and third party data (think Hive, Presto, SQL Server, Redshift, Python, Mode Analytics, Tableau, R) to help us answer challenging analytical problems.

You will lead analytical efforts to develop scalable and methodologically rigorous approaches to performance measurement (e.g., AB testing, incrementality testing)

You will help us analyze and explore where and how our existing Machine Learning models can be improved.

You will build deep understanding of our existing Machine Learning models and help us create reporting around those models.

You will help us design and administer experiments for how users interact with our models and how we can foster deeper trust.

You will serve as a mentor to other researchers on the team and Analysts across the company by leading learning academies and serving as an available resource for all things related to analytics.

You will mature a common language and approach to analyzing and communicating information and insights across the Zillow Offers teams.

You will tell stories that describe analytical results and insights in meetings of all sizes with diverse audiences.

You will provide thought leadership across a variety of technical and non-technical audiences to ensure that all levels of Zillow Group make decision with an analytical foundation.

Who you are

You will not shy away from complexity or uncertainty. You will develop a deep understanding of our mission, business models, and personas. We want you to use that intuition you've developed (both in business and real life) to find opportunities for growth and cultivate insights from our massive data sets. We're looking for a seasoned data scientist. We expect:

You have a Master's degree or higher in a quantitative field (e.g. science, engineering, economics, finance, statistics, or similar).

You have 2+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving.

You have complete command of SQL, and either Python or R, along with some experience with visualization software like Tableau or libraries in Python/R.

You have extensive experience directly querying multi-terabyte-sized data sets (with Hive and Presto) including clickstream data (like Google Analytics), third party data (like Facebook) and raw data ingested from non-standard platforms.

You have practice with terminology, and measurement issues related to experimentation, along with a history of applying advanced analytical approaches to derive insights from the data.

You have strong written, verbal, and visual communication skills to concisely communicate in a way that provides context, offers insights, and minimizes misinterpretation.

Get to know us

Zillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help. Zillow is part of Zillow Group, whose mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world.

At Zillow Group, we're powered by our inclusive work culture, where everyone has the support and resources to do the best work of their careers. Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction is supported by our passion to empower people and enrich lives around everything home, a deep-rooted culture of innovation, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. But, don't just take our word for it. Read our reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (#69), Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity (#38), Fortune Best Workplaces for Parents (#31), Fortune Best Workplaces for Women (#20), Fatherly's Best Workplaces for New Dads (#37), JUST Capital 100 Company (#69), Bloomberg Gender Equality Index constituent.

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
