Introduction

Your Role and Responsibilities

Senior Data Scientist, IBM Corporation, Armonk, NY: Build, test and validate innovative analytical

models. Responsible for Data gathering and research. Perform statistical modeling. Conduct fact-based quantitative analysis. Interpret models in business terms and communicate findings to business leaders. Formulate and test hypotheses to determine solutions that drive maximum business impact. Architect, design, prototype, and implement software components and systems to meet business requirements. Predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results and perform machine-learning work. Utilize Data Visualization using D3.js Data-driven documents, SQL and non-SQL Databases, Software Engineering, Data Manipulation using different programming languages (R, Python, Hava, Scala), Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing (NLP). Required: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related (employer will accept three (3) years of post-secondary study plus one (1) year of IT experience in lieu of a Bachelor's degree) and two (2) years of experience as a Senior Software Engineer or related. Two (2) years of experience must include utilizing Data Visualization using D3.js Data-driven documents, SQL and non-SQL Databases, Software Engineering, Data Manipulation using different programming languages (R, Python, Hava, Scala), Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing (NLP). Full time. B141.

To apply externally, go to http://www.ibm.com/us. On home page, go to “Search All Jobs” and “Apply” and type in the requisition number.

To apply internally, go to http://w3-01.ibm.com/hr/web/recruitment/gom/index.html and enter requisition.

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

About Business Unit

Your Life @ IBM

About IBM

Location Statement

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
