Position Purpose:

A bioinformatics/genomics data scientist is responsible for providing experimental design consulting and data analysis for large, high-throughput genomic experiments, with a focus on forensics and metagenomics. The data scientist will be responsible for designing and implementing annotated code for managing, manipulating, and analyzing large-scale genomic data, and for preparing thorough documentation and reporting.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Develop tools for management, analysis and interpretation of next generation sequencing data

Organizing and managing large-scale genomic data sets

Managing, manipulating, analyzing data with R, python, and UNIX tools

Using established open-source software and tools to assess quality and analyze data

Implement and execute data processing workflows and automated analytic pipelines

Create standardized summary tables and figures

Manage large dataset collections including analytical results and data quality

Develop annotated computer code and conduct code reviews and programming validation

Conduct workflow benchmarking

Identify inconsistencies and initiate resolution of data problems

Prepare SOPs, document source code/workflows, and write reports to summarize computational

requirements, processing status, and customized analysis results as needed.

Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

Strong knowledge of working in a Unix/Linux environment

Advanced proficiency with R/Bioconductor, RMarkdown, and the "tidyverse" tools for data analysis.

Proficiency with Python, Perl, or another scripting language.

Experience with open-source software, tools, and databases for analyzing next-generation sequencing data (RNA-seq, ChIP-seq, DNA variation, epigenetics, microbiome, and metagenomics).

Familiarity with developing and querying relational databases (MySQL or similar)

Familiarity with AWS cloud computing is desired

Experience with NextFlow, SnakeMake, or similar workflow/pipeline management systems is desired

Experience using Version Control software (e.g., Git or similar) to manage programming code

Experience using workflows and sprints throughout the development process

Ability to manage multiple tasks

Education/Experience:

MS or PhD in Bioinformatics, Genomics, Data Science, or related field

Experience (5+ years with MS/3+ years with PhD) managing and analyzing large-scale datasets produced sequencing platforms and deliver solutions for managing, visualizing, analyzing, and interpreting genomic data

Using Linux/Unix text processing tools, R, and other open-source tooling to manipulate and format data, to assess data quality, and analyze data.

Clearance:

This position requires that the candidate be willing and able to complete a successful background screening for a security clearance. Candidates with a current security clearance will receive preference.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

May serve as a task/project lead.

Working Conditions/ Equipment:

Ability to work in varying conditions to include: traditional office environments with sedentary extended periods required for code development and testing;

The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions, and perform any other related duties, as assigned by their supervisor.
