PatientPop is a healthcare technology company that helps practices thrive with an all in one practice growth solution. Our platform empowers practices to promote themselves online, attract patients and retain them for life. We improve every digital touchpoint along the patient journey, so patients can easily find and choose a practice, and become their advocate. We also improve every aspect of a practice's online presence to help them attract the right patients to their services, and keep them coming back.

We've helped thousands of providers since our founding in 2014. Along the way, we cultivated an incredible work environment — one of the best, according to Great Place to Work.

At PatientPop, we are building a world-class data science and analytics practice. We are looking for a senior data scientist to join our rapidly growing team and derive insights from our rich and diverse data sources. With these insights, we can more effectively create and optimize high-value products to help our customers thrive. This is an exciting opportunity to get in on the ground floor and help grow the presence and impact of data-driven solutions to a variety of business challenges.

What you will work on here at PatientPop:

Provide tactical leadership and mentorship to a smart and motivated team of data scientists and analysts.

Collaborate closely with product managers and business stakeholders from around the company to develop and support data products that empower decision-makers and facilitate operations. Play a key role in defining data science project methodology.

Conduct in-depth analyses and build and deploy models to understand and predict customer behavior and product performance.

Design and execute data-driven experiments that inform product optimization.

Craft compelling data stories featuring beautiful and informative visualizations and actionable insights that positively impact revenue.

Work in a dynamic, fast-paced, collaborative and fun environment where you will constantly learn, grow and challenge yourself and your team to build a top-notch data science practice.

Who you are:

4+ years in a data-intensive role (or equivalent education and experience)

Sound knowledge of analytical, statistical and machine learning methods

Proven ability to devise creative and insightful solutions to business challenges

Experience productionalizing models

Proficiency in SQL and Python

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Proven ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders

Curious, motivated, self-starter, team player

Passionate about high quality, impactful data analysis

About You:

You love to learn and to dig into new methodologies, and share your expertise with your teammates.

You demonstrate strong analytical skills, know a wide variety of models and algorithms, ranging from simple to complex, and can readily identify the best-fit methods to achieve the desired project outcomes.

You're a go-getter and seek ownership of projects with the demonstrated ability to deliver results.

You love working with some of the best data scientists, analysts, data engineers and product managers.

You strive to excel, innovate and take pride in your work.

Benefits:

Hackathons

Opportunities to host PatientPop talks

Dog friendly

Weekly catered lunches

100% fully-paid health, dental and vision options

Stock options

401 (k)

2 blocks from the beach and next to the 3rd Street Promenade

And many more perks!
