Summary / Description

We are currently seeking a motivated, career and customer oriented Data Scientist, entry to join our team in Reston, VA to begin an exciting and challenging career with Unisys Federal Systems.

Duties:

Assist with evaluating, designing, developing, administering and/or implementing artificial intelligence and machine learning systems, solutions and capabilities. Provides input on research and analysis of machine learning models. Assist with AI initiatives using knowledge in business intelligence, data analytics, machine learning, and automation.

Requirements

Position Requirements:

Requires a Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum of 2 years of related experience OR an advanced degree without experience; OR equivalent work experience required.

Motivation: Curiosity, creativity and passion for technology, specifically application development.

Leadership: Good organizational leadership skills working with senior management to individual contributors

Problem Solving: ability to quickly identify and resolve problems and to gather and analyze information skillfully

Oral and written communication: Able to convey thoughts and vision in a confident and clear manner

Key Qualifications:

Experience with artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, deep learning, Big Data, Internet of Things (IoT), and other Data & AI related technologies. Data Science experience/major in Data Science is preferred. Willingness to learn and take on a multitude of new tasks. Self-starter, self-motivated and self-directed. Must be experienced with Linux or Windows operating systems, Python and/or R, and at least one other programing or scripting language. Prior experience in using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. Experience with text mining, knowledge extraction, semantic computing, information retrieval and general machine learning, as well as, Recurrent Neural Networks, LSTM Networks and TensorFlow framework is highly desired.

About Unisys

Do you have what it takes to be mission critical?

Your skills and experience could be mission critical for our Unisys team supporting the Federal Government in their mission to protect and defend our nation, and transform the way government agencies manage information and improve responsiveness to their customers. As a member of our diverse team, you’ll gain valuable career-enhancing experience as we support the design, development, testing, implementation, training, and maintenance of our federal government’s critical systems.

Apply today to become mission critical and help our nation meet the growing need for IT security, improved infrastructure, big data, and advanced analytics.

Unisys is a global information technology company that solves complex IT challenges at the intersection of modern and mission critical. We work with many of the world's largest companies and government organizations to secure and keep their mission-critical operations running at peak performance; streamline and transform their data centers; enhance support to their end users and constituents; and modernize their enterprise applications. We do this while protecting and building on their legacy IT investments. Our offerings include outsourcing and managed services, systems integration and consulting services, high-end server technology, cybersecurity and cloud management software, and maintenance and support services. Unisys has more than 23,000 employees serving clients around the world.

Unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. To learn more about Unisys visit us at www.Unisys.com.

Unisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) - Minorities, Females, Disabled Persons, and Veterans.

#FED#
