A career at T. Rowe Price says you want to contribute and make a difference at a leading global investment management firm where success results from the dedication our associates have in building success for our clients. We are a growing organization of associates from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.
We take a long-term view on associates and their careers. Our associates do phenomenal work with purpose, and as a result, we provide growth opportunities through in-person and online training, management development programs, and career development on the job.
If you are seeking a meaningful work experience along with a workplace culture that thrives on teamwork, we invite you to explore the opportunity to join us.


Primary Purpose:

The Equity Data Insights Quantitative Analyst supports the fundamental investment process using data driven insights to intelligently augment the bottoms up research performed by the fundamental research team.

Key Responsibilities:
Inform the investment process – Bring new data driven insights to the Equity Analyst and PM’s. Serve as a resource for Equity Analysts and PMs to consult on potential uses of fundamental and alternative data in the investment process. Keep current on latest trends in machine learning and quantitative techniques. Create visualizations to share the analysis and insights to the Equity Analyst and PMs.
Provide quantitative insights into the investment process – Facilitate a process for effectively incorporating quantitative insights into the fundamental investment process. This would include responding to ad hoc requests from analyst as well as proactively providing periodic reviews and updates to PM’s and analysts on their holdings and portfolio positioning.
Coordinate between fundamental research, quantitative research, and the technology data center – Work effectively between existing resources in the Quantitative Equity Group, Quantitative Fixed Income, Multi-Asset Research, and New York Technology Center. Act as a liaison between fundamental research and quantitative research teams to complete data science projects.
Success Measures:
Collaborative behavior with key stakeholders – Analysts, PM’s, Quant Team, Technology, Distribution
Raise awareness and create a “pull” for a data science overlay with fundamental investors
Positive impact on investment results
Qualifications (Required):
B.S. in a quantitative discipline (i.e. Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics)
Outstanding analytical skills, both quantitative and qualitative
Excellent skills in statistics/econometrics and proficiency in programming languages, such as R, Python or Matlab, and a demonstrated ability at applying those skills to modeling problems
Strong communication skills and ability to communicate complex statistical concepts to business users
Strong people skills, team-orientation, and a professional attitude
Qualifications (Preferred):
M.S. in a quantitative discipline (i.e. Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics)
3-5 years of relevant experience in applying quantitative methods in investing
Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Qlik Sense, RStudio Connect)
CFA charter or commitment to obtain one
T. Rowe Price is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of thought, gender, and race. We believe our continued success depends upon the equal treatment of all associates and applicants for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, religion, creed, colour, national origin, sex, gender, age, mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship status, military or veteran status, pregnancy, or any other classification protected by country, federal, state, or local law.
