Data Scientist Great vacations begin with great employees!Combine your experience and sense of adventure by joining our exciting team of employees in Miami, FL. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is pleased to offer a competitive compensation & benefits package, and excellent career development opportunities, each offering unique ways to explore the world. Job Requirements Qualifications: Master’s degree in Statistics, Operations Research, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Chemical Engineering or field of comparable foundations in mathematical and statistical analysis through the use of models, algorithms or programmed solutions. Experience with any of the following programming languages: R, Python, Java, C++, C#, Scala, SAS or similar scripting languages. Similar experience and proficiency with SQL required. Experience with text mining and natural language processing techniques and tools including NoSQL / unstructured databases and queries (MongoDB, Cassandra), sentiment analysis (Lexicon based, Rule based, Document-level classification), Topic Modeling (latent dirichlet allocation, non-negative matrix factorization), Term Frequency – Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) and Named Entity Recognation / Event Extraction Experience with data mining processes (SEMMA, CRISP-DM), data preparation, consolidation, imputation, transformation, interaction, variable reduction, modeling, maintenance, and post-mortem analysis. Experience with statistical methods such t-test of means, Tukey-HSD tests of means on groups, ANOVA, Proportion tests, data normalization and scaling, univariate and multivariate outlier detection. Experience with modeling techniques such as linear models, decision trees, neural networks, k-nearest-neighbor, support vector machines, cluster analyses, and ensembling methods. Experience with Agile Software Development. Experience in a large corporation or consulting firm with focus in marketing strategies, modeling, CRM and management sciences/statistics highly desired. Experience with cloud computing frameworks or API’s such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services. Knowledge & Skills: Must have a strong background in one or more of the following: Mathematics, Statistics, Probability, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Recommendation Systems, Pattern Recognition, Large Scale Data Mining or Artificial Intelligence. Has expertise in modeling, customer segmentation, analytical reporting, survey analysis, key driver analysis and dashboards. Demonstrates a strong capacity for learning and assimilating new techniques, tools and methods. Comfortable with preparing or collaborating on presentation decks as well as delivering final stakeholder presentations as primary or supporting presenter. Has knowledge or can quickly ramp-up and leverage cloud-based cognitive service APIs such as Microsoft Azure, AWS and/or IBM Watson. Is passionate about your work, but willing to support several projects at one time and can accept reprioritization as necessary. Comfortable delivering within an agile program.
