Job Number: 17586 Functional Area: Research - Other Department: Brain & Cognitive Sciences School Area: Science Employment Type: Full-Time Temporary Employment Category: Exempt Visa Sponsorship Available: No Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture - and benefits - that just aren't found together anywhere else. If you're curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future - then take a look at this opportunity. DATA SCIENTIST, Brain and Cognitive Sciences, to support a new collaboration with the MGH Department of Neurosurgery's Brain Modulation Lab, led by Mark Richardson, MD, PhD, Director of Functional Neurosurgery at MGH. Will build-out and maintain data infrastructure to facilitate collaboration between MIT and MGH investigators involving human intracranial neurophysiology data and various types of simultaneously collected behavioral data. Responsibilities include facilitating network configurations for lab computing environment; managing backups; designing, implementing, and maintaining hardware infrastructure; assisting with data sharing; inventorying current data (Dropbox, Synology, REDCap, etc.); transitioning to new systems, including new data formats; designing relationship database(s) and file shares as a central data repository; creating and maintaining ETL to automate loading data into warehouse; inventorying/maintaining different data storage dictionaries and formatting standards; reviewing existing and keeping lab apprised of new tools; and providing high-level overview of lab data. May monitor/coordinate the work of postdocs/undergraduates/graduate students.  Job Requirements REQUIRED: Ph.D. in computer science or related field; at least three years' related experience; knowledge of at least two of the following--Python, R, and/or MATLAB; familiarity with Microsoft's SQL Server 2012 Enterprise (relational database) and Server Integration Services (ETL); ability to manage file systems, clean and preprocess data, troubleshoot anomalies, and perform analyses; knowledge of the command line and use of command line tools; comfort working with data in various formats (tabular data, electrophysiological data, behavioral data, medical images) and across multiple operating systems (Windows, macOS, Linux); and experience with cloud-based storage, e.g., AWS. Seek someone who prefers programmatic solutions to manual ones and understands tidy data concepts. Experience with D3 or similar data visualization tool a plus. Job #17586 This is a three-year, term-limit appointment with possible extension based on continued funding. 6/14/19
