Requisition Number: RQ22942 Job Description Primarily involved in planning and conducting experiments and analyzing results, either with a definite end use (to develop new methods, processes, or commercial applications), or to broaden scientific understanding in general. Education: Ph.D. Degree in area(s) of experience or equivalent. Department Program Operations SERC General Submission Guidelines: In order to be considered a candidate for any job at Stevens, you must submit an online application. Please attach a cover letter and resume with each application. Other requirements for consideration may depend on the job. Still Have Questions? If you have any questions regarding your application, please contact Jobs@Stevens.edu EEO Statement: Stevens Institute of Technology is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Accordingly, Stevens adheres to an employment policy that prohibits discriminatory practices or harassment against candidates or employees based on legally impermissible factor(s) including, but not necessarily limited to, race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, nationality, citizenship status, age, ancestry, marital or domestic partnership or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, atypical cellular or blood trait, genetic information, pregnancy or pregnancy-related medical conditions, disability, or any protected military or veteran status. Stevens is building a diverse faculty, staff and student body and strongly encourages applications from female and minority candidates as well as veterans and individuals with disabilities. Stevens is a federal contractor under the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as well as other federal statutes. Jeanne Clery Disclosure: In accordance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act), the Department of Public Safety is required to publish an annual security report which includes statistics mandated by the Clery Act. You can obtain a copy of this report by accessing the following web site: http://www.stevens.edu/sit/police
