D.C. Child and Family Services Agency (CFSA) is evolving as a national leader in child protection, foster care and adoptive services. We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze quantitative, qualitative, and statistical data and communicate the analyses to generate actionable insights, and convey those insights in compelling graphical, numerical, and narrative forms. Work produced will be used to directly inform federal and local reports and all activities implementing all evaluation, reporting, and continuous quality improvement (CQI) activities required under the Family First Prevention Services Act (Family First).

If you are ready to shape the future of child welfare in the Nation’s Capital, then apply to this rewarding position today!

Tour Of Duty: 8:15am - 4:45pm. The work is performed during evening hours and weekends, as required.

Promotion Potential: No

Duration of Appointment: Career Services (CS) – Regular Appointment

Brief Description of Duties:

Obtains, merges, reshapes, cleans, and evaluates the quality of datasets.

Automates data pulls, manipulations, and other rote activities to enable efficient operations.

Uses descriptive statistics, predictive analytics, machine learning, and other methods to learn about and derive insights from the patterns and relations within a dataset.

Uses inferential statistics or its equivalent to learn about the causal relations between and/or among variables in a dataset, including randomized field evaluations.

Creates intuitive and compelling graphics to visualize and think about data.

Proactively provides ideas and critical feedback—as well as being open to such constructive dialogue—as part of constantly improving the work output.

Ensures that work product adheres to the current methodological best practices.

Writes descriptions and summaries of projects or studies for diverse audiences, including scientific experts, government practitioners, and public stakeholders.

Helps to disseminate scientific lessons, tools, and best practices across the agency.

Performs other related duties as assigned

Conditions of Employment:

This position is deemed as “security” sensitive pursuant to DCMR 6B Section 412 and is subject to a criminal background check, traffic records check, and consumer credit check (as applicable), reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol test, and post-accident or incident drug and alcohol test.

This position is in the collective bargaining Unit.

Basic Requirements:

Comprehensive knowledge of and ability to apply qualitative, quantitative, research, and data gathering skills to be able to make sense of seemingly unrelated data, produce reports that logically summarize complex findings into meaningful insights and generate additional and constructive feedback.

Comprehensive knowledge of and ability to apply and operationalize the theories and concepts behind data analytics and scientific methodology to provide insights and make sound and actionable recommendations with the end view of improving specific operations and performance, procedures, policies, and other concerns.

Knowledge of child welfare and neglect services, policies, and procedures.

Comprehensive knowledge of and demonstrable skills at developing and editing complex detail-oriented reports. Effective written and oral communication skills and the ability to organize and deliver presentations to large and small groups, and to write clear and concise reports and recommendations.

Knowledge of Windows-based software, including Word, Excel, Access, and on-line database systems, or other research-based software needed to be effective on the job.

Ability to plan and coordinate multiple projects simultaneously. Ability to identify problems, gather information, and analyzes the requirements.

Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills, as evidenced by previous work experience.

Education/Experience:

Behavioral or social science or related disciplines appropriate to the position and at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the grade 11 level in the District of Columbia government service or its non-government equivalent. Sample of specialized experience: ability to apply concepts in data analytics and scientific methodology to improve operational performance; ability to creatively determine which analytic approaches and computing techniques are most appropriate for a given data; ability to handle complex datasets, including importing, merging, and reshaping datasets, as well as handling duplicates, discrepancies, missing entries, and other quirks of large data; demonstrable coursework or equivalent experience in any of the following: machine learning; econometrics, design and analyses of experiments; data visualization and interaction.

or

Combination of education and experience that provided the applicant with knowledge of one or more of the behavioral or social sciences equivalent to a major in the field.

Preferred:

Exposure with R statistical programming language

Experience using and developing application program interface (API) and other open data structures

Experience creating and operationalizing predictive analytic platforms

Produced published work (independently or collaborative) for research study in the field of child welfare.

Job Offers: Official Job Offers are made by the Child and Family Services Agency's Human Resources Administration Only.

First Screening Date: Applications will be screened 10 days after vacancy is posted and every 10 days thereafter.
