Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide.

We're growing rapidly and looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service Provider. Interested in joining our mission? Take a look at career opportunities at Viasat today.

Job Responsibilities

Become familiar with and use internally available analytic technologies

Work with business stakeholders to identify and document high impact business problems and potential solutions

Identify key performance indicators and establish strategies on how to deliver on these key points for analysis solutions

Use educational background in data science and perform data mining analysis

Work with BI analysts/engineers to create prototypes, implementing traditional classifiers and determiners, predictive and regressive analysis points

Engage in the delivery and presentation of solutions

Participate in data storage architecture design discussions

Requirements

Currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Science & Engineering, Engineering & Computer Science, Math & Computer Science, Mathematical Engineering, Mathematical Science, Mathematics, Statistics

Strong data wrangling skills

Strong Python and/or SQL skills

Ability to manipulate JSON/XML data

Experience with other data manipulation platforms

Experience with XMLor SQL

Ability to commit to a 10-12 week internship

Preferences

Previous internship experience

Previous experience coding in Go or Python
