CULTURE:

We’re committed to making a difference for patients. Our focused, creative, and ambitious team makes 3T Biosciences the perfect engine to drive therapeutic solutions to reality. We’re looking for enthusiastic and self-motivated individuals to bring their talents to a fast-paced environment.

YOUR TYPICAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

Building, testing, and optimizing statistical and/or machine learning models (support vector machines, random forests, convolutional neural networks, etc.) related to DNA/RNA/protein data to inform wet lab experiments

Working in a small team of 3-4 to develop interdisciplinary skills in data infrastructure, data pipeline scaling, and computational biology

Interfacing with a team of computational and experimental biologists to aid in experimental and computational designs

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master’s or PhD degree or equivalent in relevant field

Experience in building and testing statistical and/or machine learning models (support vector machines, random forests, convolutional neural networks, etc.)

Self-motivated and a proactive thinker – can work independently and in teams

Relevant experience in statistics, and machine learning

Excellent written and communication skills presenting and discussing scientific data

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

2+ years of industry experience relevant to statistical modeling and/or machine learning

Previous roles in managing teams and projects

Knowledge in any of the following fields: structural biology, immunology, protein engineering, cancer biology

Experience in applying computational models to protein structure data (affinity prediction, protein-protein docking, homology-based predictions, physics-based predictions)

Experience analyzing next-generation sequencing data (exome, RNA, genome)

BENEFITS:

3T is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Our goal is to cultivate a culture of camaraderie, trust, honesty, and empathy.

To benefit our employees, we offer coverage of medical, dental, and vision.

Please contact info@3tbiosciences.com with your cover letter and resume.
