TransAmerica, a premier IT consulting and technical staffing company has a great long-term opportunity for a highly qualified cross-functional Data Scientist and developer . This role will be located in Washington DC and will be working on projects supporting a Federal agency. This is a long term, contract for hire opportunity. Only seeking candidates that would desire to convert to our client's direct staff after the initial 6-month contract. Join a Transformation Data Science Services team and be part of an ecosystem, participating with federal employees, and other contractors, in a team-based Development and Operations (DevOps) approach to deliver business value (the performance measurements, Key Performance Parameters (KPPs) are established in Operational Requirements Document (ORD)) frequently, cost-effectively, responsively, and with high quality. Responsibilities: Oversee a team of more than 10 Data Scientists, Data Analysts, Data Engineers, and DevOps Engineers who will: Deliver code from creation, to running in the pipeline, to deployment and sustainment with zero downtime deployment (ZDD). Translate business requirements into technical requirements. Provide estimation and planning support. Apply an analytics-driven approach, including machine learning, to surface unusual patterns or behaviors during case processing. Conduct data analysis to measure efficiency and effectiveness of new functionality. Define sensible metrics to build descriptive, predictive and prescriptive models. Extract, transform and load (ETL) structured and unstructured data into Databricks Unified Analytics Platform. Perform analytics in Databricks Unified Analytics Platform. Store methods that are employed for the Statistical Data Analysis and Reporting along with each analysis in GitHub. Develop and sustain Program Dashboard with Tableau and open source tools. Comply with ELIS DevOps development, testing, and standard operational procedures (SOP). Collaborate with other vendors, stakeholders, and government employees to collect data needed to aid decision-making. Maintain good configuration and data management methods. Use DHS USCIS approved methods and tools. Required 15 years of experience as a Data Scientist leading teams to achieve technical solutions 5 years of experience with Data Bricks, Apache Spark, Tableau, and BI visualization Last 5 years of residency must be in the US. Must be able to obtain a public trust clearance
