Job Description

Description

The Defense Systems Group of SAIC has a current opening for a DODIN Operations Planner/Data Scientist to work onsite with the customer at Ft. Meade.

Responsibilities Include:

Making recommendations and provide guidance on organization-wide system improvements and optimization efforts in the following specialties: information systems architecture; networking; telecommunications; automation; communications protocols; risk management/electronic analysis; and network threat analysis.

Drafting or editing Operational Plans (OPLANs), Operational Orders (OPORDs), and Fragmentary Orders (FRAGOs), participate in Joint Planning Groups and Operational Teams (JPG/OPT), develop and integrate DODIN and defensive cyberspace capabilities into plans; support action officers with planning, and remain cognizant of missions and priorities.

Assisting in planning, research, and analysis of DoD cyberspace policy, analysis of cyberspace events and operations, provide specialized expertise in such areas as Cybersecurity Service Providers (CSSP), Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) Analysis, and Vulnerability analysis.

Assisting with Command-level cyber inspections and vulnerability of cyber requirements, conduct technical analysis and provide reports on the integration of cyber requirements, capabilities, and training.

Exhibiting proven expertise in cloud, big data, AI and machine learning.

Maintaining expertise in JIE, JRSS and DoDIN Operations.

Qualifications

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION:

Minimum five (5) years of experience in the Joint Capability Integration & Development System (JCIDS) process; requirements engineering; development of systems engineering artifacts such as trade studies, function trees, interface control diagrams.

Minimum Bachelor's degree or higher in System Engineering,Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Computer Science or a technical degree with equivalent experience in systems engineering; or a Master's Degree with three (3) years of experience. Additional years of experience may be considered in lieu of a degree.

Knowledge of Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF), Functional Flow Block Diagram (FFBD), Integration Definition (IDEF), Function Block Diagram (FBD), Unified Modeling Language (UML), Systems Modeling Language (SySML), and other system modeling languages.

REQUIRED CLEARANCE:

Active TS/SCI with Polygraph

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
