Job Details

Job ID: 10954

New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL.

Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence.

Responsibilities

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist I to join our team. This Data Scientist will have the opportunity to contribute in the following ways:

Conceptualize and develop innovative applications for cross cutting areas of the laboratory including robotics, artificial intelligence, multi-mission systems, mission assurance, cloud computing, next generation flight hardware, and intelligent digital assistants.

Become a member of a team of data scientists and innovation experts that make up JPL’s Innovation Experience Center (IEC) in the Office of the Chief Technology and Innovation Officer.

The Data Scientis willt be a member of the Chief Technology and Innovation Office, working with all of JPL. Will be detail-oriented Big Data Scientist who loves discovering trends where none were visible before. The successful candidate will be a self-starter who possesses a strong desire and experience developing, implementing, and maintaining a program of predictive analytics.

The Data Scientist will be responsible for designing and implementing a program for analyzing complex, large-scale data sets used for modeling, data mining, research, and predictive analysis purposes. This will include creativity, tenacity, curiosity, and deep technical skills. The Data Scientist will use skills in data gathering and data “munging”, visualization, machine learning, and computer programming to make data driven decisions and data driven products, and will give exciting presentations where the data paints a compelling future. The Data Scientist will work with several JPL missions to enable them to fully benefit from cloud computing, analytics, cyber security, and more.

Will use excellent interpersonal skills, professionalism and self-awareness. The ability to communicate comfortably with all levels of staff and management is a must.

Qualifications

Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Science, Computer Science, Information Systems or related discipline with 1 year of related experience; Masters degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 0 years of related experience

Knowledge in one or more related fields including: Big Data, cloud computing, statistics, analytics, machine learning, deep learning, programming, data bases (SQL and NoSQL), data integration, Internet of Things (IoT) and communications.

General understanding and wide application of advanced principles, theories, concepts, tools, and techniques in integrating, analyzing, and reporting on large and diverse data sets; data mining; analytics, and statistics.

Knowledge of applicable industry and/or academic practices and standards in Big Data and Cloud Computing.

Practical ability to visualize data, communicate the data in a manner that the audience can understand, and utilize it effectively. Ability to blend math, algorithms, programming, and an understanding of human behavior with the ability to combine information systems to find answers to interesting questions from the data.

The ability to create new prototypes with the creativity and thoroughness to ask and answer the deepest questions about the data and what secrets it holds.

Proficiency in Cloud Computing such as such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine, and/or Rackspace.

Proficiency in Big Data tools such as Hadoop/Spark, Jupyter Notebooks, and related tools, Elasticsearch, Splunk, etc is strongly desired

Strong mathematics and statistics skills.

Knowledge and experience with Deep Learning frameworks (Tensorflow, etc.)

Knowledge and experience in a major frontend framework: Bootstrap, Node, D3.js, Flask, React, Vue, etc.

Knowledge and experience with developing Internet of Things and sensor network applications (IoT)

Experience with cryptocurrency and Blockchain is considered a plus.

Coursework or practical experience with data mining, building algorithms, SQL, and NoSQL

Ability to think creatively and to work well both as part of a team and as an individual contributor

Work Authorization N/A
