Job ID:19001546Job Summary: We are looking for a data scientist to help us with data discovery, data augmentation and model development. Your primary focus will be data mining, statistical analysis and descriptive, predictive and propensity modelling of our customer bases. You will also be responsible for acquisition of data sources, automation of work flows (including scoring), and working with the business on machine learning techniques. This position requires a minimum of a BS in a related field plus 1 or more years of experience. A masters or higher degree is preferred. Responsibilities: Automation of data acquisition Data mining using various languages (including SQL and NoSQL) Augmenting and enriching internal data with external sources Development of statistical models Taking over responsibility for current models Proposing new models to our business users Automating scoring of our customer base Tuning existing models when needed Providing reports about model performance to end users Presentations to business stakeholders Using model results to inform marketing decisions Ad-hoc analysis Required Skills: Knowledge and experience with Python, Jupyter Notebook and other statistical/analytical tools Knowledge and experience with regression modelling techniques Strong experience with Big Data technologies including but not limited to: Sqoop, Hive, YARN, Spark, NiFi, Kafka, HDFS, and HBase. Ability to write efficient code and automation routines Ability to work with business users Good applied statistics skills Working knowledge of scripting and programing languages (e.g., Perl, Python, Java) Willingness to tackle tough problems and learn new things Desired Skills: Knowledge in JanusGraph, Apache Ranger, Apache Atlas, and graph-based solutions. Knowledge of reporting tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI) Knowledge of data science tools (e.g. Knime, RapidMiner) Knowledge of AI and machine learning techniques Knowledge of Linux Willingness to learn and use open-source solutions Experience with Agile methodologies (e.g. Scrum, Kanban, Dev/Ops) Job Requirements Minimum Requirements: College degree in a Technical or related field and 5-7 years professional level experience with 2-3 years supervisory experience for roles with supervision; or 9 years professional level related Technical experience with 2-3 years supervisory experience for roles with supervision; or an equivalent combination of education and professional level related Technical experience required.IND123#LI-SC1EEO Statement: Employment at Windstream is subject to post offer, pre-employment drug testing. Equal Opportunity Employer including minority/female/disability/veteran; Without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or employment status. Windstream is a drug-free workplace.
