Position Title Data Scientist Department Institutional Effectiveness Division General University Vacancy Number 20-130 Work Location Macon, GA Job Type Full-time Job Category Staff Responsibilities The Data Scientist position supports the Office of Institutional Effectiveness (OIE) in capturing, analyzing, and interpreting data for university decision-making. Reporting to the Director of Institutional Research, the Data Scientist will proactively work with the team to expedite the turn-around time for information requests via automation, scale-up and advance the universitys ability to turn information into insight, including predictive analytics, and ultimately ensure that stakeholders have the information they need when they need it. The position will also participate in broader responsibilities of the office, including data governance, external reporting requirements, and documentation of work product. Required Qualifications A master's degree from an accredited college/university is required along with at least one year of experience in business intelligence, data analytics, or data science. Candidates with a PhD in computer science, data analytics, business, higher education, institutional research, statistics, technical communications, social sciences, or another related field are highly desirable. Candidates must have proficiency in Excel and data visualization software (i.e. Power BI, Tableau). Must have the ability to work with others to accurately identify data and informational needs; ability to deal responsibly with confidential information; and display a commitment to accuracy and reporting integrity. Preferred software experience includes Power BI, SPSS, exposure to student information systems (i.e. Campus Management, Banner). Preferred certifications include 1) Microsoft: Analyzing and Visualizing Data With Microsoft Power BI; 2) IR certificate; and/or 3) Certified Analytics Professional. Is a criminal background check needed for this position? Yes Pay Rate Commensurate with experience Pay Basis Monthly FLSA Status Exempt Required Documents Resume, Cover Letter, References Special Instructions to Applicants Applicants should be prepared to answer the following questions: 1. Do you have a master's degree? 2. Describe your prior related experience. 3. Describe specific ways in which you have used Excel and data visualization software. EEO Statement AA/EEO/Veteran/Disability PI113417086
