Riverside Research’s Intelligence and Defense Solutions (IDS) directorate is seeking a Data Scientist to support the National Air and Space Intelligence Center (NASIC) at Wright Patterson AFB, OH. Responsibilities will include prototyping applications and implementing processes to extract knowledge or insights from both structured and unstructured data. Candidates must be technically proficient and have real-word experience devising and implementing practical and sustainable solutions. You will be working with a team of Riverside Research, government, and contractor personnel supporting artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) projects. The work is in support of both US Air Force and Intelligence Community programs.

All Riverside Research opportunities require U.S. citizenship.

Job Responsibilities:

Assess customer systems and processes for application of data science techniques and processes to support their needs

Assist with implementation of AI/ML initiatives through preparing, analyzing, and visualizing structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data

Develop and conduct algorithm quality trade studies, identifying best case uses and characterizing performance

Refine the verification and validation process for analytics

Enhance existing models to leverage analytic output for driving automated tasking

Develop scripts for running and testing algorithms and analytics using a variety of programs

Develop machine learning, data mining, statistical, and graph-based algorithms to analyze and make sense of data sets

Prototype/consider several algorithms and decide upon final model based on suitable performance metrics

Generate reports and visualizations that summarize data sets and provide data driven insights to customers

Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in a technical domain plus 5 years of experience related to the job description above; an additional 4 years of experience (for a total of 9 years) related to the job duties listed above can be substituted in lieu of a Bachelors degree

Minimum of 5 years’ experience in data science or related field

Demonstrated proficiency in data analysis, modeling, and visualization

Proficiency with programs used for data analytics such as R or Python

Strong communication, organizational, and analytical skills

Self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team player

Desired Qualifications:

Current Top Secret clearance with SCI adjudication

Doctorate degree in applied statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or related technical field with specialization in data science

Agile software development experience/certifications

Technical project management and oversight experience

Experience working with or in support of Department of Defense (DoD) or intelligence community (IC) organizations

IND1

Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.
