The Mayor’s Office of the Chief Technology Officer (MOCTO) facilitates citywide coordination and collaboration on technology issues, serves as a catalyst for and advises agencies on innovation, and interacts with the wider New York City technology ecosystem. MOCTO proactively engages with technologists to help influence the delivery of new technologies that can positively impact the public realm. MOCTO helps prepare the City for technology transformation and the outcomes that will impact the future of our City, from urban planning, to government services, to policy and decision-making.

The Data Scientist will report to the Deputy Chief Technology Officer for Digital in the Mayor’s Office of the Chief Technology Officer (MOCTO).

Responsibilities will include:

Work closely with Product Managers and Web Developers to gain insights from data in order to deliver higher quality, lower cost services online;

Work under the direction of a Product Manager when working on a specific team, product, or project;

Manipulate and analyze data to identify patterns and predict outcomes;

Create data visualizations to communicate insights;

Establish data-related project deliverables, including: scope, timeline, reporting cadence, impact, quality measures, and technical documentation;

Perform special technology or data science-related projects, as assigned;

Build predictive analytics models.

The position’s responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City’s EEO policy.

Minimum Qual Requirements

1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 24 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent scientific, technical, electronic or related area, and four years of satisfactory fulltime experience in the performance of analytical, planning, operational, technical, or administrative duties in a voice and/or data telecommunications or closely related electronics planning, management, and/or service organization, one year of which must have been in a highly specialized capacity and 18 months must have been in an executive, managerial, or administrative capacity or in the supervision of staff performing work in the voice and/or data telecommunications field; or

2. An associate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 12 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent, scientific, technical, electronic or related area and five years of experience as described in "1" above; or

3. Education and/or experience equivalent to "1" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and one year of the specialized experience as described in "1" above and must possess the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience as described in "1" above.

Preferred Skills

The preferred candidate should possess the following:

3+ years of relevant work and/or academic experience, including experience in high-pressure, entrepreneurial environments;

A combination of statistics and computer science fluency;

Deep familiarity with Python and R;

A reviewable portfolio of data visualizations;

Data imaging and processing experience;

Comfort working with both structured and unstructured data;

Experience in building and manipulating predictive analytics models;

Knowledge of commonly used databases, such as SQL, MySQL, and Mongo DB;

A growth mindset.

To Apply

Special Note: Taking and passing civil service exams are necessary to maintain employment with the City of New York. Please check the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtml) for important exam filing information. Please ensure that you are either a permanent employee in the civil service title listed on this posting, or, that you file for the examination when there is an open filing period. For more information regarding the civil service process, please visit the DCAS website at: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/work.shtml

Interested applicants with other civil service titles who meet the preferred requirements should also submit a resume for consideration

For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID #405566

For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID #405566

SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEW

APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT APPROVAL

The Department of Information Technology & Telecommunications and the City of New York are equal opportunity employers.

DoITT participates in E-Verify

Hours/Shift

Day - Due to the necessary support duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings.

Work Location

New York, NY

Residency Requirement

New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
