Job Summary Data Scientists produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets. Apply knowledge of statistics, data modeling, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models. Generate and test hypotheses. The Data Scientist proactively seeks to develop their skillsets and provide value-added support within the Data Science team.

Essential Functions

The essential functions listed represent the major duties of this role, additional duties may be assigned.

Communication & Project Ownership Support large projects, and manage smaller projects in their entirety

Partner with senior team members to assess customer needs and define business questions. Emerging ability to influence customers to take action on analytical insights.

Communicate results and insights, both verbally and written (including visual graphics), in a clear and concise manner to a non-technical audience.

Identify and communicate roadblocks.

Work on multiple concurrent projects and accommodate frequent interruptions and changing priorities

Effectively participate in meetings with customers and emerging ability to guide discussion and decision making. (60%)

Data Analysis

Acquire and bring structure to data so that it can be used in existing and new data systems.

Build tools that help you and the other Data Scientists translate insights into action at scale

Identify, define and translate business needs/problems into analytical questions.

Design and execute experiments, models, algorithms, and visualizations

Understand data sources and limitations, warehousing system and the impact of the data on business decisions.

Identify, retrieve, and manipulate data from internal and external datasets.

Apply statistical and computational methodologies to provide actionable insights and identify opportunities that optimize quality, consumer experience, and healthcare costs.

Develop scalable, efficient, and automated processes for large scale data analyses and model development, validation, and implementation. (30%)

Reporting & Other

Contribute to technical reports, white papers, and publications.

Stay current on new processes and technology in Data Science and communicate findings to team

Perform all other tasks as assigned (10%)

Required Work Experience:

2+ years related work experience, experience Details: Healthcare analytics and writing SAS or R code

Related Bachelor's degree or additional related equivalent work experience Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science ,Statistics, Epidemiology, Health Services Research, or closely related field with Data Science specialization

Requires expert proficiency in SQL

Strong analytical, problem solving skills and ability to meet project deadlines

Experience in supporting large projects, and managing multiple smaller projects in their entirety with a great attention to detail

Ability to partner with senior team members to assess customer needs and define business questions.

Emerging ability to influence customers to take action on analytical insights

Ability to communicate results and insights, both verbally and written (including visual graphics), in a clear and concise manner to a non-technical audience.

Preferred Education:

Master's degree Applied Mathematics, Computer science, Statistics, Epidemiology, Health Services Research, or closely related field with Data Science specialization

Additional Preferred Qualifications:

Analytics experience applied to the Medicare Stars program

Healthcare, medical, or pharmaceutical work experience

Experience with analysis around quality, consumer experience, and healthcare costs

Experience in consumer analytics * Experience in business analytics

General Physical Demands

Driving:

Incidental Driving

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disabled.
