Description:

Looking for

opportunities to use cutting edge technologies analyzing petabytes of data in a

world class Hadoop cluster, generating insights to guide consumers in their

journey to wellness and help them achieve their health ambitions, whether it’s

playing tackle football with their grandkids or running the Inca Trail

Marathon?Aetna’s Provider & Network Analytics team is focused on

delivering strategically-impactful programs and tools to effectively partner

with healthcare providers to help members across all life stages feel the joy

of achieving their best health, in their own way.

We are looking for an impact-oriented

analytics and industry leader, to lead an analytic strategy aimed at

dramatically reducing medical spend, improving consumer experience, and

identifying new sources of revenue (both insurance-related and non-traditional)

through innovative cross-functional initiatives and programs in our Wellesley,

MA location.

Participates in the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. Solves moderately complex analytical problems.

61225

Fundamental Components:

Develops, validates and executes algorithms and

predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend

solutions.

Explores, examines and interprets large volumes of data

in various forms.

Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data

to solve moderately complex business problems utilizing advanced

statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Develops data structures and pipelines to organize,

collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses

reporting needs.

Uses data visualization techniques to effectively

communicate analytical results and support business decisions.

Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned

projects and assures the integrity of the data.

Explores existing data and recommends additional

sources of data for improvements.

Documents projects including business objectives,

data gathering and processing, detailed set of results and analytical

metrics.

Background Experience:

Demonstrates good written and verbal communication

skills.

Able to present information to various audiences.

Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they

occur.

Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data

modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data

engineering and data visualization.

Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data

sources.

3 years of relevant programming or analytic experience.

Masters degree preferred.

Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in

Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics,

Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
