Here at Universal Parks & Resorts™, you can enjoy an exciting culture where creating our unique Universal brand of thrilling experiences is a top priority. We are passionate about what we do and take pride in the exclusive ways we deliver fun.

Comprised of Universal Orlando Resort, Universal Studios Hollywood, Universal Studios Japan, Universal Studios Singapore, and a new destination coming in Beijing, China; we are proud to offer a universe of extraordinary opportunities. It takes a special kind of person to work at all of our destinations. We value individuals who know how to be part of a team, who embrace fun and are serious about their work. It takes hard work, dedication, knowledge and just the right amount of Universal spirit to open our doors of opportunity. We champion the power of cultural diversity and inclusion and continuously strive to maintain a team that is a reflection of our global audience.

Being a part of the Universal family also comes with extraordinary perks. We offer a comprehensive benefits package, career development, excellent growth opportunities, free park admission, complimentary passes, and more!

Join us if you want to collaborate, innovate, develop, and deliver the most compelling entertainment experiences imaginable that drive growth for the Universal brand around the world. Experience a workplace that will inspire you to be Bold! Apply today.

JOB SUMMARY: Responsible for conducting advanced analysis on guest behaviors and preferences from both structured and unstructured data to better understand marketing opportunities. Design, develop and evaluate advanced predictive and machine learning models with a focus on the personalization and optimization of marketing tactics. Help define and optimize segmentation strategy using a variety of techniques, ranging from statistical analysis to complex data mining and modeling. Conduct advanced analysis on various marketing efforts to gauge performance, impact and effectiveness against the desired results. Deliver clear and compelling findings with data visualization tools and presentations that inform and inspire internal stakeholders to make better business decisions. Collaborate with colleagues in Marketing Operations and IT to infuse predictive analytics into customer touchpoints, driving increased relevance and business performance.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:

Engage with internal partners to translate business problems into a framework for advanced analysis and collaborate to establish project goals and deliverables.

Extract and prep data for analysis and modeling.

Develop segmentation, propensity and look-a-like modeling of individuals across known, identified and anonymous audiences. Create the analytics to leverage known, inferred and appended information about individuals to promote personalization across a guest’s planning, shopping, fulfillment and on-property experience.

Define and produce deliverables that identify opportunities to shape consumer experiences that inform and inspire internal stakeholders and decision makers.

SCOPE: This role is responsible for the design and management of modeling practices and segmentation that incorporate demographic and behavioral data from CRM systems, online tracking data and 3rd party enhanced data, in partnership with internal marketing teams, to enhance understanding and increase value by application of actionable segmentation and models.

EDUCATION: Master’s degree required - Economics, Econometrics, Statistics, Analytics or Data Science.

EXPERIENCE: Up to 3 years of prior hands-on experience in data science; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Competency in programming with statistical modeling tools to fuel and deliver marketing personalization and business insights. Strong familiarity with manipulating and mining data to transform business decisions that impact the bottom line. Knowledgeable in leveraging visual analytics to create a seamless and inspirational story that inspire and inform business leaders with the necessary knowledge to drive revenue and customer loyalty.

Experience/Knowledge in the following areas preferred:

Travel & Resort Industry, Entertainment &/or Theme Park experience

Marketing Personalization

Marketing Mix Models, attribution, forecasting, and market testing

Digital Marketing & Analytics

Business Intelligence Reporting

CRM Execution

Consumer Research and Journey

Consumer Data

Competitive Analysis

QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience leveraging predictive modeling, big data analytics, exploratory data analysis and machine learning to drive significant business impact

Expert knowledge programming in R or Python

Skilled in interacting with relational databases through SQL

Knowledge in marketing, media and customer segmentation strategy

Ability to manipulate unstructured data to form insights about the business

Understanding of big data technologies and coding in a cluster-computing framework

Familiar with visual analytic tools such as Tableau

Ability to paint a picture through analytics that will enhance and determine business decisions

Demonstrated a willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques

Ability to handle multiple projects required and work independently in a deadline oriented environment

Desire to work in a fast paced environment required

Your talent, skills and experience will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.

Universal is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Universal Orlando via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written Statement of Work in place for this position from Universal Orlando HR/Recruitment will be deemed the sole property of Universal Orlando. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Universal Orlando as a result of the referral or through other means.

Universally YOU!

Universal elements and all related indicia TM & © 2019 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. EOE
