An active Secret w/TS eligibility or Top Secret Clearance is required to be considered for this position. 
The Data Scientist will perform activities necessary to lay the architectural and requirements foundations for the development of production capabilities to solve the cybersecurity challenges as defined and/or approved by the government. This may include reference architectures, evolutionary prototypes, developer support, etc. 
This role will be responsible for the following activities: 
        Help our clients get value from their data - specifically, you will understand business needs and impact. 
        Perform data mining, data cleaning, data exploration, feature engineering, predictive modeling and data visualization. 
        Analyze and conduct research using network and security data collected for clients. 
        Present findings to the client, and in other ways as appropriate such as via customer on-site visits, tech exchanges, conferences, trade publications and academic journals. Findings presented may include insights from data (anomalies, trends, etc.), programs, processes and procedures. 
        Present in the form of code (git), documentation, one-on-one demonstrations, training delivery, reports to the client, presentations, articles or papers. 
        Serve as a senior internal consultant on data science as applied to security data. 
        Provide functional guidance and direction to junior staff members. 
        Be responsible for timely and accurate completion of other tasks as defined by the manager.  

Bachelors +3 years experience in analytic theory and developing experimental analytics based on original work as well as work from 3rd parties  

Knowledge of network systems, trends in research and cyber security  

Knowledge of related concepts, practices and procedures  

Knowledge of both complied (e.g. C, C++, Rust) as well as interpreted (e.g. Scala, R, Python, Ruby, Java, etc.) programming languages  

Experience with data science/machine learning libraries, algorithms and tools  

Experience with big data and analysis platforms (Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, etc.)  

Strong analytical and writing skills  

Accomplished in operating within, PC, Linux, and OSX environment  

U.S. citizenship is required and employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background investigation   
Must be IAT II compliant with certification in one of the following: 
CCNA Security 
CySA+ ** 
GICSP 
GSEC 
Security+ CE 
SSCP 
ID: 2019-1101  
External Company Name: Foxhole Technology, Inc.  
External Company URL: http://www.foxholetechnology.com  
Clearance Required: Secret/TS Capability, Top Secret, Top Secret/SCI 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Ava, IL 62907 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_a25b71f715886b9a81c6adac05533bfd
