Position Overview

Aunalytics is a data science software and analytics service company with a mission to harness the power of data and use it to fuel the economic engine of growing companies, communities, and people. We offer an end-to-end cloud analytics platform that was designed to manage and automate data ingestion, compute resources, data set creation, advanced data science, and accelerated data interaction—allowing dramatically increased speed to analytical insights for businesses. Aunalytics also provides analytics solutions for specific business objectives, with a focus on digital, consumer, enterprise, and IoT applications across a wide variety of industries. We focus on providing indisputable value to our clients by acting as their trusted data and analytics partner, and by creating powerful tools to help companies realize the full potential in their data.

As a member of the Data Science team, you will help client companies leverage massive amounts of disparate data to solve their toughest problems and arrive at data-driven answers with greater speed and accuracy. You will work with clients to develop customized algorithms that are used to answer their most pressing business questions—providing insights that increase their ROI.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Use Machine Learning and AI to model complex problems, discover insights, and identify opportunities.

Integrate and prepare large, varied datasets; architect specialized database and computing environments; and communicate results.

Develop experimental design approaches to validate finding or test hypotheses.

Solve client analytics’ problems and communicates results and methodologies in an understandable manner.

Research new approaches/methods to improve, optimize, and test targeted questions.

Work closely with business analysts to gain an understanding of client business and problems.

Additional duties as assigned to ensure client and company success.

Required Skills:

M.S., or PhD in a quantitative discipline: computer science, statistics, operations research, applied mathematics, engineering, mathematics or related quantitative fields.

Proficient in programming environment and languages such as: Node.js, Python, R, Javascript, SQL, and deep knowledge of analytics packages available for above languages.

Prior research or development experience working with data, solving problems with data, and experience building advanced analytic models.

Strong working knowledge of machine learning and statistics.

Ability to communicate your ideas (verbal and written) so that team members and clients can understand them.

Ability to defend your professional decisions and organize proof that your ideas and processes are correct.

Resourceful in getting things done, self-starter, productive working independently or collaboratively—ours is a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment with performance expectations and deadlines.

Inquisitiveness and an eagerness to learn new technologies and apply concepts to real-world problems.

Share our values: growth, relationships, integrity, and passion.

Preferred Skills:

Experience with various BI tools.

Data Visualization skills are a plus.
