Senior Data Scientist HR Acuity® is the leader in employee relations management solutions. Our Software as a Service (SaaS) technology solution helps achieve consistency in how organizations track, investigate and analyze employee issues. We are growing quickly and looking for a data science superstar to help drive the future of our solutions and our business.
As Sr. Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing machine learning models to support product features in the roadmap. You’ll analyze and prepare data for testing different models to find the best fit that will support various product features. You’ll work closely with the product and engineering team stakeholders in supporting the product roadmap.
As Sr. Data Scientist in a fast-paced growing startup, you should be a self-starter in taking a complex problem statement, breaking it down to solutions and develop or use different models and algorithms to find the optimal solution. Along with technical skills, you also possess the ability to propose and apply different techniques and algorithms and present the findings to all the stakeholders. Sr. Data Scientist is a key component of the product strategy at HR Acuity® and will ensure the delivery of our product roadmap. 
Responsibilities:Research and develop machine learning models and algorithms to solve various business problemsImplement scalable and efficient modeling algorithms and modeling pipelines that can work with real world data in production systemsUse raw data and prepare for various modeling scenarios, execute the models, and present the outcomeWork with product management and engineering groups to develop new products and features.
Sr. Data Scientist Qualifications:BS and master’s degrees in computer science, data science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field3+ years of professional experience in a business environmentExperience in using Python, R, or other programming environmentsPhD degree in computer science, data science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field (Preferred)Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving real world problems with these methods.5+ years of professional experience in using and developing various statistical, machine learning modelsKnowledge and experience of working with relational databases and SQLStrong communication and data presentation skillsStrong attention to detailComfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environmentAbility to think creatively and solve problems

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Florham Park, NJ 07932 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         7484_1448506344
