Description

“Jacobs National Security Solutions (NSS) provides world-class IT network and service management capabilities; cutting edge cyber threat awareness and cybersecurity solutions; innovative web- and software applications development; and advanced data analytics for major clients in the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and Federal Civilian Agencies.

Our forward thinking solutions deliver an integrated approach to IT network design and management, full lifecycle IT service management, IT service delivery, asset management, logistics and procurement, and vendor management. We leverage the expertise and passion of our employees to conduct identity and access management, penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments for our nation’s most closely guarded agencies and networks. Our Cyber Security Operations Centers ensure safe, effective network operations for Federal clients while our data scientists are helping stop illegal acts before they can endanger Americans or our way of life.

Jacobs promotes a culture of operational excellence to create a safer, smarter, and more connected world while upholding the highest standards of compliance, quality and integrity.

We continue to thrive and need your talent and motivation to help propel us farther, faster.”

Jacobs is seeking a Lead Data Scientist in Washington, DC. Duties will include:

Lead a team of data scientists in applying emerging big data technologies to solve complex problem sets. Provide technical and non-technical leadership, fostering an environment of collaboration

Interface with technical and non-technical stakeholders, managing requirements, and conveying highly complex concepts to non-technical audiences

Interface with front and back end developers throughout solution and development phases, integrating analytic solutions

Ensure integration of security and privacy related policies in solution and development processes

Qualifications

Active Top Secret security clearance and SCI eligibility.

BS degree from an accredited college or university and fourteen (14) years related experience, or MS degree and twelve (12) years related experience or Ph.D. and eight (8) years of related experience. Requires demonstrated leadership skills as evidenced by prior managerial and supervisory experience. Must be able to effectively communicate with others.

Familiar with Jira and Confluence

Experience working with multiple stakeholders, gathering requirements, analysis and integration resulting in informed deconning making, explaining highly technical concepts to a non-technical audience

Knowledge of tools and methodologies used in handling large datasets, applying analytic processes, and implementing information sharing best practices.

Strong project management skills leading multiple teams.

Understand and align development efforts to IA, privacy, civil liberties/civil rights, and intelligence oversight policies.

Excellent communicate effectively to a broad set of customers and stakeholders.

Strong leadership and team-building skills.

Expertise in either Agile or Rapid Application Development (RAD) methodologies.

Experience with DevOps methodologies

Experience working both IC elements and DHS components incorporating development within the IC ITE arena.

Knowledge of cloud architecture such as Amazon Web Services.

Familiarity with cloud development of solutions across a multi-fabric network

Preferred Qualifications (desired but not required):

Expertise in Continuous Monitoring and Continuous Delivery (DevSecOps) within the Federal arena.

Experience with the Atlassian suite of tools (Confluence, JIRA) and GitLab code repository.

Proficient experience with one of more of the following languages:

Java, Python, C++, JavaScript, Scala or Pig

Familiar with MapReduce or other big data concepts

Understanding of the Intelligence Production Process.

Knowledge of DHS and IC missions (Borders, Immigration, Vetting, etc.)

Essential Functions

Physical Requirements:

Most work will be done at a desk or computer.

Work Environment:

General Office environment. The work environment is fast-paced and sometimes involves extreme deadline pressures. The nature of the work requires a high degree of teamwork and cooperation with other members of the staff as well as individuals across the Company and Customers.

Equipment & Machines:

General office equipment including PC/laptop, Fax, Copiers, Shredder, Printers, Telephone, and other miscellaneous office equipment.

Attendance:

Attendance is critical at all times. Must be able to work a 40-hour workweek, normally Monday through Friday. However, times and days may vary depending on business requirements. Needs to be available to work overtime during critical peaks and be available to meet last minute requests for overtime should the situation occur.

Other Essential Functions:

Must be able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation. Must be able to interface with individuals at all levels of the organization both verbally and in writing. Must be well-organized with the ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously. Must work well under pressure to meet deadline requirements. Must be willing to travel as needed. Must take and pass a drug test and background check as well as a motor vehicle records check. Must be a US citizen.

#cjpost

#LI-CC2

Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Jacobs is a drug-free workplace.

Primary Location: United States-District Of Columbia-Washington

Job Posting: Jul 30, 2019, 12:16:12 PM
