Responsible for the large-scale aggregation, labeling of, and optimization of data related to federal government contracting. Bloomberg Government is a subscription service that provides actionable tactical and strategic business intelligence through a suite of class-leading tools and data licensing. This team's mission is to present the best possible intelligence to clients.

Primary Responsibilities :

Enhances data ingestion and transformation procedures

Automation of data cleansing and anomaly detection

Develops data aggregation and analytic methods to create metrics on data quality.

Provides specifications for ingestion of new datasets while leading transformation and storage efforts.

Identifies opportunities for improving workflows to increase data quality, accuracy, and timeliness.

Develops custom data models and algorithms to apply to new and existing data sets.

Monitors and assesses data model performance; prioritizes data cleansing efforts.

Works seamlessly with internal and external stakeholders, and across teams.

Maintains a portfolio of self-directed projects that are aligned with business goals.

Engages in training and knowledge sharing exercises with colleagues.

Works with sales and current clients to identify and implement data enhancements.

Delivers on time-sensitive projects and collaborates to develop new products and features.

Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.

Job Requirements :

Strong problem solving skills and initiative.

Ability to focus on product development and data quality.

Ability to identify, understand, and summarize complex information from a variety of sources.

Knowledge and understanding of the U.S federal contracts data and procurement process preferred.

Knowledge in a variety of IT and statistical analysis or computer programming languages and tool suites (i.e. SQL, AWS, Python, Regex, R, etc.).

Experience with a Database Management Systems (Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redshift, etc.).

Experience selecting features and building training sets for developing basic machine learning models.

Experience developing and maintaining data transformation processes.

Ability to works effectively as a member of a cohesive team and can work across teams to manage priorities and develop product roadmaps.

Experience with internal coaching and leading knowledge sharing activities.

Effective project management skills and ability to prioritize task.

Ability to work quickly, accurately, and efficiently in a fast-paced environment with shifting priorities.

Excellent numerical, verbal, and written communication skills.

Education and Experience :

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, finance, accounting, mathematics, etc.), Computer Science/IT, or equivalent experience.

Minimum of 3-5 years’ experience working with statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.).

Experience using Bloomberg data extraction and modification tools such as BBOT and BDMS.

Special Requirements :

Candidates may be required to pass a test for this position.

Bloomberg BNA IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER and fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity. Bloomberg BNA has adopted an Affirmative Action Program to ensure that all applicants and employees are considered for hire, promotion, and job status without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information, disabled veteran, veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or any other classification protected by law.
