Job Description 
Invent Your Future with CACI! 
What Youll Get to Do:  

Utilize insightful data to aid in powering Army systems and solutions.    

As a Data scientist, you will be responsible for discovering overall information hidden in profound amounts of data.    

Your primary goal will be to collect, identify, analyze, interpret, and clean and validate data for actionable insights.   
More About the Role:  

Researching and developing statistical learning models for data analysis  

Collecting massive sets of both, structured and unstructured data from contrasting sources  

Identifying relevant data sources for customers business needs  

Analyzing data for trends and patterns purposes  

Building new algorithms  

Interpreting data to discover solutions  

Cleaning and validating data to ensure completeness, uniformity, and accuracy   
Youll Bring These Qualifications:  

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, applied mathematics, or related field  

Experience in data science  

Experience with one or more of the following programming languages:  

SQL  

Java/Python  

C/C++  

Perl  

Ability to multitask and prioritize  

Great time management skills  

Excellent written and verbal communication skills  

Must have an ACTIVE DoD Secret or higher clearance per contract requirement.   
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:  

Experience in project management  

Understanding of Army environment.   
What We Can Offer You:  

Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.  

Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.  

We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.  

We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.  

For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.   
EITAAS #EITAAS 
Job Location 
US-National Harbor-MD-MARYLAND SUBURBAN 
CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             National Harbor 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_cc63d86e3feb5d40a8db292603d2c19f
