Job Description
Required Security Clearance: Secret

Required Education and Experience: Minimum four years of experience and a BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline

Functional Responsibility:
Collects large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources
Cleans and validates data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity
Analyzes data to identify patterns and trends
Devises and applies models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data
Interprets data to discover solutions and opportunities
Qualifications:
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
Preferences:
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Experience with entity resolution; Experience with Natural Langue Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Working Conditions:

Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are normally set from Monday through Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm, however some extended or weekend hours may be required. Additional details on the precise hours will be informed to the candidate from the Program Manager/Hiring Manager.

Physical Requirements:

May be required to lift and carry items weighting up to 25 lbs. Requires intermittent standing, walking, sitting, squatting, stretching, and bending throughout the work day.

Background Screening/Check/Investigation:

Successful Completion of a Background Screening/Check/Investigation will/may be required as a condition of hire.

Employment Type: Full-time / Exempt

Benefits:

Metronome offers competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, career development opportunities that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Benefits include, not all inclusive Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance, Paid Time-Off & Company Paid Holidays, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities.

Other:

An Equal Opportunity Employer: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status or disability status. Metronome LLC is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to employees and applicants for employment, to assure that individuals with disabilities enjoy full access to equal employment opportunity (EEO). Metronome LLC shall provide reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of qualified employees and applicants with disabilities, unless Metronome can demonstrate that a particular accommodation would impose an undue hardship on business operations. Applicants requesting a reasonable accommodation may make a request by contacting us.
