Data Scientist

Before the dawn of everything internet, insurance was intimate and personal. You walked down the street to chat with your broker, and the risk to your business, your livelihood, was covered with a handshake. Today things are different. The average insurance policy for a mom-and-pop store trades through a dozen different hands and traverses a maze of systems and processes. Few are accountable and fewer know the whole story.

Some of the problems you will solve entail understanding data, identifying patterns, quantifying the impact of ML / NLP models and designing data visualizations. We seek a data scientist to help drive a new digital AI product team on a mission to unlock the potential of data and identify new opportunities.

As one of the founding members of a small, multi-disciplinary team of technologists, designers and product managers, you’ll have the freedom to make key product decisions without much oversight, and the tools and resources to build and ship ideas quickly. You’ll be a part of a startup-like environment, with the opportunity to have more control and leadership; in a company with thousands of existing customers.

Who you are
You want to use your statistical, scientific, and engineering training to craft and deploy models to transform one of the most entrenched industries.
You paint with plots and your models don’t keep secrets.
Image recognition is no longer an innovation to you, instead it is a routine task.
NLP isn’t a foreign acronym and you’ve gone from strings to whiskers.
You sail smooth in Python and always have sklearn, tensorflow, keras and pytorch on deck.
K-means more than a curt text and Logit and Probit are not Hobbit characters.
You have experience with relational databases such as PostgreSQL, Oracle or SQL Server, and maybe even Hadoop, Hive, Spark or Redshift.
You strive to learn the newest and greatest techniques where BERT/ELMo are not just Sesame Street© characters.
What you’ll own
The foundation for advanced analytics at a global company.
The roadmap of projects you’ll work on that tie directly to business goals and objectives.
Manage the entire lifecycle of data projects from strategic planning to tactical activities (data collection, cleanup, analysis, model implementation).
Sourcing new data for a firm that rarely scrapes, pulls or pushes.
Facilitate communication throughout the development process between executive stakeholders, your users and technical teams.
Coordinate and build strong working relations with various internal stakeholder groups, including IT, engineering, and legal.
Minimum Qualifications
Degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, data science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of work experience in data science or related field.
Experience with statistical modeling using R, Python, or similar statistical languages.
In depth knowledge of advanced models such as generalized linear models, penalized regression models, tree based models and neural networks
Proven track record building business-practical models and implementing them into production.
Familiarity with Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Keras, Tensorflow, Pytorch
Experience with data architecture and management (PostgreSQL, Hadoop, Oracle, Hive, Spark, Redshift and/or SQL Server)
Apply on https://argogroup.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Argo

PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position. To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.
