ACS group has an immediate need for a Bioinformatics/Data Scientist with experience in the [IndustryType] Industry. This is a 11-12 months contract opportunity (with long-term potential - onlyinclude if relevant) and is in Pennington, NJ. Our client is a leading pharmaceutical company.Please review the job description below:Top Skills: Data ScienceLarge datasetsData miningFresh Ph.D Key Responsibilities:Analyze large scale kinome screening assays to identify kinase inhibition profiles of in-house compounds.Mine large-scale external data sets to further our understanding of kinase inhibition mechanisms.Integrate multiple datasets (including transcriptomic, proteomic, and chemical) to identify potential drug candidates and investigate molecular pathways affected by the compounds for potential off target effects.Use machine learning algorithms to develop analysis pipelines to inform chemists and biologists of chemical structures that may lead to improved kinase inhibition Key Requirements and Technology Experience:Recent Ph.D. in bioinformatics, engineering, statistics, physics, molecular biology, genetics, or a similar discipline.Experience working with large scale datasets.Strong background in data science for mining databases to analyze and interpret biological and/or chemical data.Basic background in molecular biology is preferred.Experience with machine learning is preferred.Proficiency using R and Bioconductor packages is preferredIf it creates an interest for you, please email me the latest copy of your resume.Thanks, and RegardsDeepansh AroraTeam Recruitment ACS GroupUS: 972-406-5060Email: ABOUT ACS GROUP. - ACS Group is a premier provider of IT Consulting, Engineering Consulting, Healthcare, Talent, and Workforce Management Solutions to Fortune 1000 companies globally. Our operating brands have provided targeted services and solutions for more than 50 years. We serve our clients through four operating companies: * AIC *Analysts *ComforceHealth *HireGenics Recent Recognitions: #Largest Minority-Owned IT Staffing Firm in the U.S. (2018 SIA) # No. 8 Largest IT Staffing Firm in the U.S. (2018 SIA) #Inavero's Best of Staffing® Client Diamond Award (2018). #National Class lV Supplier of the Year Finalist and a Regional Class IV Supplier of the Year by NMSDC #Inavero's Best of Staffing®Client Diamond Award Winner(2017) Website: www.acsicorp.com
