Entrata is a rocket ship in the apartment industry’s B2B SaaS space. In sixteen years Entrata has gone from a small start-up company to an industry dominator. Innovation is at the core of everything we do, and we are looking for a top-notch Data Scientist to help fuel further growth and improvement.

Data Scientists work closely with department directors, product managers and executives by providing them with the data they need to make critical business decisions. A data scientist collects, analyzes, and interprets large amounts of data to identify ways to help Entrata improve operations and gain an edge over its competitors. They use advanced analytics technologies, including machine learning and predictive modeling, to provide insights beyond basic statistical analysis, and build tools that automate tasks humans can’t do or need help to do well.

Requirements

A degree in a technical field like computer science, information technology, math, statistics or engineering is preferred.

5+ years’ experience with SQL, recent experience with PostgreSQL databases is a plus.

Experience with multiple machine learning algorithms and the ability to implement them using libraries such as Python or R.

Must have some experience in software programming. Web programming with PHP is a plus.

Experience with an AI platform such as IBM Watson is helpful but not required.

Base Compensation:

Salary, DOE

PTO and Paid Holidays

Work Schedule and Location:

Monday - Friday, 5 hours during the day and 3 hours at night

Lehi, UT office

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; balance; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; talk or hear; and taste or smell.

The employee must occasionally lift or move up to 20 pounds.

Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.

Regular on-site attendance at work is required during normal business hours

Benefits Package:

401k with matching

Health Insurance

Dental Insurance

Vision Insurance

Life Insurance

Flexible Spending Account

Short-term and long-term disability

On-site gym
