Data Scientist (Danvers, MA)                                                Salary: $100-120k 

                

 A family owned company that focuses on creating software to help large corporations project healthcare costs, seeks to hire a Data Scientist to help its team dissect data and provide creative tools and ideas for new projects. 

   

 YOUR AMAZING CAREER 

   

You have 2+ years of experience working in data science or analysis. You are highly comfortable with Python and have been exposed to other data science tools, like R. And, you are looking for your next career step where you can have a real impact on the teams' data science initiatives.

   

 AND, YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE IN: 
 
Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics or related quantitative field 
At least one core programming expertise, such as python (iPython, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas) or R 
Strong statistical knowledge and intuition, especially for  applying analysis to real data  
   

 IN EXCHANGE FOR YOUR HARD WORK: 

 We offer you… 
 
A team of collaborative and goal oriented people 
Strong Benefits Coverage 
Solid PTO  
 Find Us on Facebook! 
 Follow Us on Twitter!
 
Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Company Profile:

Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis.  Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. 

Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles.

Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting  www.beaconhillstaffing.com . 

We look forward to working with you.

Beacon Hill. Employing the Future™
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Danvers, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         5 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         T1175386BOS-MKL_1565881223
