Sevatec, Inc. is looking for a Data Scientist with advanced analytic skills, proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, and communicating results. The Data Scientist will work closely with clients, data stewards, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound agency decisions.  

Provide DevOps support to deploy visualization, analysis, analytics, and anomaly detection capabilities. As directed by the government.   

Evaluate, deploy, and operate visualization, security analysis, and anomaly detection capabilities;  

Implement machine learning in Splunk to improve existing anomaly detection and analysis capabilities  

Develop and deploy custom dashboards and visualizations or modify existing ones.  

Works in iterative processes (following Agile methodologies) with the client and validates findings.   

Provides business metrics for the USCIS to show improvements  

Research, evaluate, and implement statistical methods to track security metrics.  

Closely interact with the security team to determine requirements and prototype solutions.  

Bachelors and 5+ years total experience, preferably in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field  

2 or more years of relevant quantitative and qualitative research and analytics experience   

Solid knowledge of statistical techniques  

The ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets  

Demonstrable knowledge on the following technologies: Python, Machine Learning, Data Visualization, SQL database, XML  

Proficiency devising and applying algorithms to mine data and ability to identify patterns and trends  

Strong communication and interpersonal skills.   
Desired Skills/Experience  

Federal contracting experience, specifically DHS  

Understanding DHSs CDM (Continuous Diagnostic and Mitigation)  

Computer Security Work Experience  

Splunk/ELK experience  

McAfee EPO Experience  

SC5/Tenable IO experience   
Security Clearance:  US Citizenship is required along with the ability to obtain an Agency Suitability Clearance. 
EEO Statement: 
Sevatec is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
ID: 2019-1763  
External Company Name: Sevatec Inc.  
External Company URL: http://www.sevatec.com  
Street: 2815 Old Lee Highway  
Telecommute: Yes 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Fairfax, VA 22032 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_1c75d97f17ec1309a27e4ab58ccaac1e
