Schlumberger will attend or host university recruitment events for this position in your area. 
Job Title: Data Scientist 
Job Description 
We are seeking scientists and engineers with a strong fundamental understanding of various modern machine-learning methods to address highly challenging scientific & engineering problems. 
Responsibilities    
Research and develop data analytics and/or machine learning systems for business applications;     
Work with domain experts to understand needs & constraints;     
Work with software engineers to integrate ML solutions in business workflows;     
Communicate sophisticated ML concepts to management, clients, and the business community.  
Qualifications    
BS / MS / PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, EE, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry or Biology     
Programing experience in one or more general purpose languages.     
Experience in a few of the following areas: deep neural networks, reinforcement learning, Markov Random Fields, Bayesian networks,semi-supervised learning, computer vision, image processing, signal processing, distributed computing, and/or numerical optimization.     
Familiarity with ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, Theano, MXNet, etc. is a plus.     
Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop/Spark is a plus.     
Strong oral and written communication skills     
Ability to work independently and in a team of scientists and engineers  
Please apply online at careers.slb.com 
Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. 
Schlumberger is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor  priority referral Protected Veterans requested. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Stanford, CA 94305 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_11d5b4ddcba92c70317e9fb7ef5934fa
