Masters in quantitative field (Data Science, Statistics, Analytics, Machine Learning, AI, Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent) or Bachelors with 2+ years additional experience

3+ years of experience working in data science in a technology company

3+ years of experience with R, Python, SAS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software

3+ years of experience with data querying languages like SQL

3+ years of communicating business results of analytical deep dives to senior leadership

Knowledge of data visualization principles/tools which can integrate with data science outputs

At Amazon, we're working to be the most customer-centric company on earth. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and visionary people. We are looking for a Sr. Data Scientist with excellent analytical abilities, outstanding business acumen and judgment, intense curiosity, strong technical skills, and superior written and verbal communication skills to join the Data Center Global Services Systems and Data Solutions Analytics team.

As a Sr. Data Scientist, you will generate insights that will guide operational excellence and product development for our customers. Data analysis is at the core Amazon’s culture, and your work will have a direct impact on decision making and strategy for our team. You will be gathering customer insights, mining data, making recommendations, and helping senior leaders make key business decisions. You will have the opportunity to work with large and diverse data sets to gather insights using data from across AWS Infrastructure. You will be working in a large, extremely complex, and dynamic, data-driven environment. We are looking for a data scientist with expertise and passion for analyzing data, designing and building predictive and decision models, and designing metrics to measure the performance of the business. You will perform deep dives on specific business problems and measurable metrics which the business can monitor on recurring bases. You will interact directly with business leaders and groups that rely on the metrics and the decisions produced using predictive models.

The ideal candidate will have excellent analytical abilities, outstanding business acumen and judgment, intense curiosity, strong technical skills, and superior written and verbal communication skills. They will have a strong bias toward data driven decision making. They will be a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, able to think big and be creative (while paying careful attention to detail), and will enjoy working in a fast-paced dynamic environment. If you are excited about data, are results oriented, and want to join a growing analytics team within Amazon - this role is for you.

Key Responsibilities Include:

Interface with business leaders and customers, gather requirements, and deliver complete reporting solutions

Generate business insights autonomously based on interactions with business stakeholders and underlying domain knowledge and data science tooling

Own the curation of business metrics into analytics which can be monitored and used to trigger specific business actions

Develop a deep understanding of our vast data sources and know exactly how, when, and which data to use to solve particular business problems

Work with internal stakeholders to root cause identified defects

Understanding drivers, impacts, and key influences on the organization

Helping to build production systems that take inputs from multiple models and make decisions

Automating feedback loops for algorithms in production

Utilizing Amazon systems and tools to effectively work with terabytes of data

Partner with data engineers to support production data analytics solutions

Partner with business intelligence engineers to support production visualizations for senior leadership

Masters in quantitative field (Data Science, Statistics, Analytics, Machine Learning, AI, Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent)

5+ years of experience working in data science in a technology company

5+ years of experience with R, Python, SAS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software

5+ years of experience with data querying languages like SQL

5+ years of communicating business results of analytical deep dives to senior leadership, including some direct interaction with c-suite executives

5+ years of experience with Tableau, PowerBI, QuickSight or other data visualization software

Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role

Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age
