Data Scientist Opportunity

Flyhomes' is re-imagining real estate by super-powering the way people buy homes. Our unique home purchase and selling programs help buyers make the best offers, save thousands and win homes in competitive markets. More than a brokerage, our goal is to take the real estate experience to the next level by offering clients end-to-end service within one company that is obsessed with helping them meet their goals.

When you join Flyhomes, you'll join a fast-paced, dynamic team and play a key role in our company's continued growth. We focus on people not properties. Real estate is what we do, but our clients are why we're here. From client-facing roles to data and technology, we start and end with the people we work with because they're what matters. You'll work alongside others who love to solve problems, think creatively, and take risks to fly the plane as we continue to build it! If this sounds appealing, we want to connect with you.

We are currently seeking a rockstar Data Scientist to join our Fly Team in Seattle!

What You'll Do

Work alongside our investment analyst in financial modeling

Rapidly prototype features and predictive models

Build ML pipelines in production

Identify, research, and analyze new data sources to improve model accuracy

Become a domain expert in real-estate

Coordinate with product, engineering, and operations to understand impact and trade-offs of modeling improvements

What You'll Bring

Commitment to rigorous analysis and production-quality code

Passion for building solid data infrastructure

A love of tackling complexity in real-world datasets such geo data and transaction data

Experience in one of Python, R, Java, Scala, Julia; if R or Julia, candidate must be able to make algorithms scale

Familiarity with basic classes of ML algorithms, concepts in feature extraction and selection

Ability and desire to communicate your analysis with clarity and precision

Resourcefulness and pragmatism

Experience with Numerical Analysis, Statistics, and Linear Algebra.

Your Superpowers

Good knowledge and understanding of a variety of model development and validation testing techniques covering algorithmic trading models

Experienced in trading algorithm models, ideally across several asset classes.

You love delighting customers with honest, transparent products and experiences

Experience with GIS data

Flyhomes Perks

Reinventing an industry takes work and we aim to recognize and champion the wellbeing of our people professionally, financially, physically and mentally. We offer a fun, collaborative, dog friendly work environment, flexible work schedules and unlimited PTO. Our comprehensive compensation packages include 401(K) with match, contributions to HSA, commuter stipend and charitable donation match. We value our people's contributions and strive to create opportunities for ongoing development and growth. Unique Flyhomes perks include company sponsorship for real estate licensure and discounts for home purchases and sales.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
