The Challenge:

Process improvement, performance measurement, business management analysis — no matter what it’s called, it comes down to one thing: learn how an organization works and make it better. That’s what you do: you make things better. You like working closely with your clients to learn everything about their strategies from an outside perspective. You find satisfaction in showing your client the opportunities to improve processes, gain stakeholder buy-in, and leverage innovation. We’re looking for you: a consultant who can make things better in our nation.

This is an opportunity to create efficiency in government consulting. This position will allow you to work with a client’s organization to help solve challenges and build better business processes. As a member of our project team, you’ll conduct research and data analysis for consulting projects as we build organizational and process solutions. Like to see plans in action? You’ll build a trusted relationship with your client as your team identifies and anticipates their needs and proposes solutions. As you solve problems, you’ll look for more areas of improvement and continue transforming your client’s organization. Join us as we lead change for the better in our nation.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

Consulting at Booz Allen means empowering you to provide your customers with the best support. With a consulting career at Booz Allen, you can expect:

a large business consulting community

access to experts in virtually every field

a culture that focuses on supporting our employees

We have opportunities that provide stability while offering variety, so you can find the right fit for your career — and your life. You’ll also have access to a wealth of training resources through our Consulting University, an online learning portal where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site courses, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. With contracts across the globe in multiple industries, no matter where you want to go with your consulting career, we have the path the takes you there.

You Have:

Experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, or graph algorithms in an academic environment or internship

Experience with using R, Perl, Python, SAS, or SPSS for analysis of data

Knowledge of an object-oriented language, including Java, C++, C#, or Python

Knowledge of Hadoop, MapReduce, or HDFS

Ability to obtain a security clearance

Scheduled to obtain a BA or BS degree in Spring 2020

Nice If You Have:

Experience with designing and implementing custom machine learning algorithms

Experience with graph algorithms and semantic Web

Experience with designing and setting up relational databases

Experience with Big Data computing environments, including Hadoop

Pursuing a BS degree in CS, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, or a related field preferred;

Pursuing an MS degree in CS, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, or a related field a plus

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
