Who we are

At General Motors, we embrace the opportunity to thinkbigger and aim higher. It’s the confidence in knowing our ideas produceexceptional vehicles and mobility solutions that move the world in exciting newways. With strong leadership and bold vision, we’re directing the future oftransportation—and enriching people’s lives along the way.

What we do

Breakthroughs happen every day here—from advances invehicle electrification and fuel cell technology to automation and connectedcar platforms. The knowledge and perspectives of our diverse workforce offerinsight into the changing needs of our customers, spark inventive ways toimprove our vehicles and elevate our business. And we’re developing moresustainable methods along the way that maximize our planet’s resources andbenefit our surrounding communities.

Why work with us

We combine the passion of a startup with the influenceof a global powerhouse. We offer careers that are built on a strong foundationand are motivated by discovery. We encourage you to explore few of the manyreasons to unleash your talent with General Motors.

GM has led the automobile industry for years with itsconnected cars, OnStar service, 4G Wifi in virtually every automobile, and mostrecently its venture into autonomous cars. The prevalence of these data across literally millions of carstranslates into massive amounts of data ranging from car performance (tirepressure, gas consumption, radio utilization, etc.) to driver behavior(speeding, sudden stops, location, and the like).

Simultaneously, over the past 5 years, InformationTechnology has created a best-in-class Hadoop environment to house these andother data about the customer including digital behavior, third-partydemographics, service and warranty transactions, and many more.

To-date, most of these data have gone untapped and theChairman and CEO believes there is opportunity to create better customerexperiences, maximize safety, drive incremental revenue, and monetize the dataexternally through marketplaces and new products. To solve for this, the company recently hiredits first Chief Data & Analytics Officer, who will shepherd across-enterprise endeavor to maximize the ROI of its Data and Analyticsefforts.

The Function& Role

Data Scientist applies Data Science and Modelingtechniques to solve complex business problems within General Motors. They mustbe able to Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms,

analyze large amountsof information to discover trends and patterns, undertake preprocessing ofstructured and unstructured data as well as monitor and sustain modeleffectiveness. They will need to be able to combine models through ensemblemodeling, present complex information using data visualization techniques and proposesolutions and strategies to business challenges that drive business impact.

Key partners

Line of Business and Function leaders(client)

Information Technology (for data and tools)

Skills

Proficient inone or more core analytical tools / suites / languages such as SAS, Python, R,Spark Scala, Mathematica and understand their limitations

Proficient inone or more analytical methodologies such as numerical optimization,econometric modeling and forecasting, Statistical modeling, machine learning,optimization, simulation methods and text analytics.

Ability topresent results to the business client and analytic peers.

Experience

Master's degree inMathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, MIS, Data Analytics, orScience with emphasis in at least one of the following areas of concentration:

econometric modeling

forecasting

statistical modeling

machine learning

text analytics and/or

optimization/simulation methods

And At least 7 yearsof demonstrated hands-on experience on 6-8 projects utilizing the toolsdisciplines outlined above.
