Description

Job Requisition:

Senior Data Scientist

Job Description:

Data Scientist

Description: We are seeking a Data Scientist. The position requires an active TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance. The Scientist will be expected to build statistical models, test hypotheses, interpret, summarize, visualize, and succinctly report on data findings. The Data Scientist will perform research on various data sources, to include unstructured data using quantitative and qualitative content analytics. The Scientist will construct and perform complex database search queries in multiple databases using SQL and API interfaces. The Scientist will perform web scraping and apply various techniques for processing unstructured data. The Scientist will leverage automation and machine learning to manage data, predict scenarios and make recommendations. The Data Scientist will contribute to building new analytical tools and packages across the enterprise and will be expected to collaborate with team members in a highly technical environment. The Data Scientist will be expected to learn and leverage emerging technologies including AWS and Git.

Requirements:

Strong experience working with Python or R programming languages

Experience working with data manipulation, analytic/business insight tools, and data visualization experience

Experience with SciPy stack or Tidyverse packages

Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries

Experience/ knowledge of computer science concepts, data architecture, and experience/knowledge of statistics

Demonstrated experience using statistical and machine learning techniques including supervised and unsupervised learning and natural language processing

Experience /familiarity with frequentist statistics and probability including predicative modeling

Experience with visualizing data using popular packages including Tableau, ggplot or Matplotlib

Ability to communicate technical findings to non-technical audiences

Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative subject or related field ( for example, statistics, mathematics, economics, or related field) and 12 to 15 years of related work experience

TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required

Preferred:

Experience/knowledge of social network and link analysis tools is desired (e.g. Palantir, i2 Analyst’s Notebook, or Proton)

Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) is desired

Experience with front end web development is desired but not required

External Referral Bonus:

Eligible

Potential for Telework:

No

Clearance Level Required:

Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:

No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Shift:

Day

Requisition Category:

Professional

Job Family:

Data Scientist

1000

Intelligence

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
