Overview

What do you get when you bring together the brightest minds and place them into an exciting, fast-paced environment that fosters intellectual growth and rewards based on impact, not tenure?

You get one of the fastest growing consulting companies in the United States. While we may be a new name in consultancy, we were born from a storied one. Guidehouse was founded in 2018 as an evolution of PwC Public Sector with a mission to help our clients deliver on their mission; providing bold new strategies that catalyze transformative results across all ends of the enterprise. We embrace brilliance. We embrace independence. Join us.

Responsibilities

Our Data and Analytics consultants help clients maximize the value of their data. This high performing team helps clients define their information strategy, architecture and governance, get the most value from business intelligence and analytics, and implement enterprise content and data management solutions to enable business insights, reduce cost and complexity, increase trust and integrity, and improve operational effectiveness.

 You will develop, refine, and manage integration, align, and perform analyses including Strategic-level Metrics, Operational-level Metrics, Training Metrics, and development of a Portfolio Measurability Framework and Assessment. Will also provide monthly reports summarizing metric inputs. Master essential data skills such as; programming, statistics, machine learning, linear algebra and calculus, data visualization, communication, data wrangling and software engineering.

Qualifications

Required:

Minimum 2 years of experience

Demonstrative knowledge of statistical and analytic techniques

Experience with data analysis in R

Experience with tools for managing software development such as JIRA, Confluence, Github/Gitlab issue tracker, Trello, etc.

Bachelor's degree in data science, statistics, quantitative social science, computer science, mathematics, or related field

Authorized to work in the US, eligible to obtain Secret clearance

Desired:

Experience with one or more development methodologies (Agile, Lean, Scrum/Scrum Master)

Excellent time management and creative problem solving skills

Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences

Experience with additional languages and/or more extensive proficiency preferred.

Graduate-level degree experience preferred.

Additional Requirements

This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification.

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

Guidehouse is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. Employment decisions will be made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, military status, veteran status, handicap, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or other characteristics protected by law.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Student Loan Paydown

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
