3M is seeking an experienced Data Scientist – Digitization and Advanced Analytics within the Manufacturing and Supply Chain organization located in Maplewood, Minnesota . At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go.

Job Summary :

The person hired for the position of Data Scientist will be developing data and analytics solutions to address business challenges, interact effectively with both the technology teams and the business units, contribute significantly to the vision of our data analytics and data science capabilities. The ideal candidate is passionate about digging into large amounts of data, both known and unknown, structured and unstructured.

For additional business group/division/product information, please visit: https://www.3m.com/3M/en_US/manufacturing-us/

This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.

Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:

Conduct a variety of data analytics such as: predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining, and other data analysis techniques to extract insights from structured and unstructured data

Research and explore data sources, work with data and systems experts to understand the data and what it represents

Participate in projects related to machine learning, data mining, signal processing, sensors and electronics and computational statistics

Work independently to develop data solutions, understand, break down and explain complex algorithms

Use various forecast methods including time series, neural networks and other non-linear methods

Implement relevant computational algorithms in software that support 3M business

Build strong working relationships and communicate effectively with other engineers and data scientists

Basic Qualifications:

Possess a Master’s degree or higher in a science or engineering discipline (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution

Minimum five (5) years of data analysis experience (e.g. predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining) in a private, public, government or military environment

Experience in programming in Python and/or R

Experience in computer or scientific programming

Preferred Qualifications:

Ph.D. in Data Science, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other directly related field

Experience in programming: R, Python, Matlab, C++, Java

Experience with machine learning tools including SVM, logistic regression, and random forest

Experience with deep learning methods and applications

SAP experience

SQL experience

Experience with big data and big data platforms

Solid communication skills

Location: Maplewood, MN

Travel: May include up to 20% domestic/international

Relocation: Is authorized

3M is a place where you can collaborate with other curious, creative people. Where your diverse talents, inclusiveness, initiative, and leadership are valued. Where you’ll find challenging opportunities that make your career exciting and rewarding. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies, and products, 3M is a place to grow and be rewarded for excellence.

Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws.

U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens.

To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).

The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.
