Research Data Scientist

Direct Supply, Inc. is currently seeking qualified candidates to serve as Research Data Scientist to support the growth and expansion of our business in Milwaukee, WI.

Duties Include:

Leverage a deep understanding of internal and external systems data and scientific methods of analyzing data, to build breakthrough approaches and solutions in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence domains. Construct novel and original data driven approaches to solving complex business problems, lead the experimentation and prototyping of these solutions, mentor analysts and data scientists and advise Data Science Leadership on the application of solutions. Publish leader-approved research and be responsible for staying current on cutting edge data science tools, programming languages, algorithms and related technology. Understand business problem, validate requirements, ensure scope of request is fully understood and translate business problems into data science problem statements. Conduct literature review of appropriate journals to understand current research applicable to the business problem and suggest novel solutions that translate into intellectual property. Develop the mathematical models and architecture necessary to implement deep learning and machine learning approaches to solve the problem. Create and maintain Machine Learning and AI solutions on a variety of programming platforms (e.g. Spark/Scala, R, Python and Hadoop and utilize big data/cloud solutions like AWS, Azure, etc.). Perform comprehensive data analysis and validation to prototype solutions utilizing a thorough understanding of Direct Supply data structures and external data sets related to senior living. Partner with cross-functional partners including Business Analysts, Engineers and Data Scientists to design experiments and implement scalable solutions. Translate the complex machine learning solutions into presentations, whitepapers and research papers as appropriate. Maintain relationships with research institutions and participate in conferences/research activities. Remain current on leading-edge business applications, tools and approaches to guide and shape analytic practices. Provide area expertise on mathematical concepts and influence the adoption of analytics across the business. Manage multiple research projects and ensure timely completion of assigned work. Provide status updates and delivery dates as appropriate to leadership.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

The minimum requirements for the Research Data Scientist position are a PhD in Computational Science, Computer Science or Statistics, which must include the following (and may be gained through any combination of doctoral study, curricular training, assistantship, research or professional experience):

Programming tools for Statistical Analysis (e.g. R, Matlab or Python)

Advanced machine learning approaches (e.g. Neural Networks (CNN/RNN), Natural Language Processing, Algorithmic Game Theory, or Machine Vision)

Statistical learning, inference and computation approaches including survival analysis, decision trees, high dimensional statistical inference, Noise reduction in big data, Non Linear Models and Mathematical Analysis

Data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, R-Shiny, or other)

Advanced mathematics (e.g. derivatives, integrals, coordinate geometry, topology and linear algebra)

Data wrangling tools

Translating scientific insights into product decisions and work streams

Pre-employment drug test and background check required.

For more information, contact or reply by résumé to Jennifer Ebert, Direct Supply, Inc., 6767 N. Industrial Rd., Milwaukee, WI 53223 (Phone) 414-760-5840 (Fax) 414-358-7411 (E-mail)

Jennifer .Ebert@directsupply.com

Job Number: 00BZY

Schedule: Full-time

Primary Location: WI-Milwaukee
