When you join Ancestry, you join our family tree. Backed by history, science, and technology, we're creating a new world of connection, innovation, and understanding. Whether it's reuniting long-lost relatives through DNA or unearthing new family stories from historical records, Ancestry empowers life-changing experiences. With over 20 billion digitized historical records, 100 million family trees, and 15+ million DNA kits sold, Ancestry is bringing the power of personal discovery to people around the world. AncestryDNA is seeking a motivated and talented Sr. Data Scientist with interest and experience using and developing machine learning methods to analyze large, annotated networks. In this role, the successful candidate will analyze the movements and characteristics of populations over time through complex network analysis and the integration of multiple metadata sources, such as phenotypes, pedigrees, and historical documents. Working with a collaborative and nimble team of data scientists, computational biologists, population geneticists, statisticians, and computer scientists, the successful candidate will creatively design novel approaches to interpret and find structure in our database of millions of DNA samples. The successful applicant will have a passion for applying data science to problems that enable consumers to understand more about themselves and their family history. Who You Are: The successful candidate for the position will have a PhD or MS and at least 3-5 years of industry experience in computer science, computational biology, statistics, population geography, bioinformatics, economics, or a related field with an emphasis in data science and machine learning. Extensive experience and a proven record of developing and applying machine learning methods to decipher complex datasets is required. A solid background working with supervised and unsupervised classification techniques is required. Creative thinking to develop novel approaches to complex problems is required. Proficiency in programming to implement and validate new approaches efficiently is required. Experience or expertise with population genetics, population geography, or demography is desired. Proficiency in Python, C++, Java, and/or R is required. Experience working in a cloud-based environment with big-data tools (e.g. tens of billions of records) is a plus. Experience with managing and analyzing data from large annotated networks is a plus. Familiarity with modeling the movement and characteristics of populations is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Strong organizational and interpersonal skills will be needed in our collaborative and fast-paced team.
