Role Summary: Are you looking to join our Data Science Team? Become part of a data science or cross-disciplinary team! Projects typically involve large and complex data sets. Work alongside teams of statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users!

Essential Responsibilities:

Improve operations optimization, predictive modeling, network analysis and simulation tasks.

Act as inspiring leader for the use of data and analytics to drive critical business decisions, business strategy and able to provide mentorship to junior data scientists in the team.

Participate in multi-functional teams and allocate business / functional perspective to data-related projects and support problem prioritization and structuring.

Coordinate data related activities to support development of data science approaches and methodologies.

Ensure customer adoption, drive consumption, and understand performance monitoring of deployed analytics.

Qualifications/Requirements:

Bachelor's Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics)

Minimum of 5 years experience with analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial/industrial setting

Eligibility Requirements:

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job.

Desired Characteristics:

Proven skill in data management methods

Experienced in feature extraction and real-time analytics development and deployment

Confirmed skill in prescriptive analytics and analytic prototyping

About Us:

At GE Aviation, we are imagination at work. Whether we’re manufacturing components for our GEnx engines or driving innovation in fuel and noise reduction, the GE Aviation teams are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into advances in aviation that solve some of the world’s toughest problems. Join us and you’ll find yourself in a dynamic environment where our ongoing, substantial investment in research and development keeps us moving forward and looking ahead. At GE, developing people is embedded in our culture and integral to our growth. Here you’ll work collaboratively and across functions with the highest caliber talent, utilizing cutting-edge technology and processes. Whether it’s the next generation of ecomagination products or the future of aircraft engines, we’ve got the state-of-the-art resources to make those innovations a reality. If you’re passionate about aviation and looking for a career rich with challenges and unlimited opportunities for growth and advancement, then join GE in reengineering the sky through aviation innovations that will impact the globe for generations to come.

To stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from GE businesses, follow us on Twitter!

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications: GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). Additional Locations: United States;Ohio;Cincinnati;
