Job Overview: Packsize has a large global machine base which generate large quantities of data every day. We are looking for a data scientist with machine learning experience to help us support our organization, product, and enhance our customer experience. The ideal candidate is skilled in structuring and navigating large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization/enhancement as well as in building models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. What You'll Do: Working with product and R&D leadership you will identify opportunities for leveraging company data to affect important business decisions, objectives, and priorities. You will need to gather and use complex data sets across domains using a range of data science methodologies combined with subject matter expertise. You will deliver artifacts on projects, define methodology, and own the analysis. Solutions are testable, reproducible, and clearly communicated to technical and non-technical audiences. Your analysis will drive the optimization and improvement of product development. Additionally, you will assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques, coordinate with cross-functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. You know your influence with your team and peers will drive the success of Packsize. Qualifications: Masters in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or Bachelors with five years of experience. Years of experience in R, Python, SQL, NoSQL. Experience with Apache Spark, Hadoop, AWS Proficiency in Data Visualization (matplotlib, ggplot, Tableau, etc.). You have worked in a collaborative environment. Diving into data to discover hidden patterns and conduction error/deviation analysis. Knowledge of various machine learning techniques and key parameters that affect their performance. Experience working with and developing experiments and analysis plans for data modeling and determining cause and effect relationships. Experience working with and creating data architectures. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, etc. Excellent written and verbal communication for communicating with technical and non-technical audiences. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. You innovate for your customer by being proactive in improvements and enhancements. Are excited about solving hard problems, clearing ambiguity, and never settling. Competencies: Interpersonal Skills Organizing Problem Solving Drive for Results Time Management Analytical Skills Physical Demands and Working Conditions: Typical office working conditions The ability to sit for long periods Travel 10%
