General Responsibilities

Data Scientist:

The primary mission of the Data Scientist function is to incorporate various responsibilities involved with the development of analytical tools in SAS, SQL, R, or Python to track key metrics identified by various teams within brand strategy. The Data Scientist should be able to solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches easily identifying correlations between multi-dimensional datasets.

Key Responsibilities:

Develop analytical tools in SAS, SQL, R, or Python to track division performance and create KPI reports for Senior-level executives.

Solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches using unique blend of technical, business mathematical, analytical and data skills

Use deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms

Analyze large, complex multi-dimensional data sets with variety of tools

Monitor, coordinate, and oversee scheduled and automated dashboards as well as alerting systems to notify Marketing of changes in customer behavior, industry trends, segmentations and KPIs.

Gather data intelligence from all available sources; including data collection, competitor tracking, market share, digital data, social media, customer sentiment, financial results, and competitive research.

Data governance regarding direct report queries maintaining correct protocol and procedures working with large, in production data sets.

Mandatory Requirements

Education, Experience, and Skills:

Educational Background:

Master’s degree preferred but not required in lieu of experience.

Preferred fields of study include MIS, CIS, Statistics, Actuarial Sciences, Data Science and/or Mathematics.

Professional Experience:

3 - 4+ years’ experience in SQL or SAS programming.

Experience with Big Data/large extracts/complex source data

Preference for experience with customer, digital, and social media data

Strong working background in Data Mining, Data Extraction, & Coding required.

Experience with multiple data platforms

Data control/smoothing across several sources

Prior experience in large data sets/data scientist/analytics

Skills & Knowledge:

Statistical modelling

Fluency with scripting language such as Python

Emerging trends in data analytics and open source languages

Excellent written and presentation communications

Excellent interpersonal and collaborative skills

Ability to coordinate and work with cross-functional teams

Automation and data architecture a plus

REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE:

Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau)

Intellectual curiosity

SAS, SQL

Microsoft Office products: PowerPoint, Exchange, Visio, Access, Excel

EEO Statement

Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening.

Hertz is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or domestic partnership status, disability, protected veteran status or military status, genetic information, or any other category protected under applicable law. Hertz is committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment and advancement of minorities, women, persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
