Principal Data Scientist, RSA Labs  


Competitive salary 
 

Bedford, MA  


Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a  Principal Research Scientist on our RSA Labs team in Bedford, MA, USA.

Operating at the furthest reaches of the leading edge, our Research Scientists discover and create ground-breaking new technologies. Our goal is to illuminate and inspire through investigation, experimentation, examination, evaluation and testing – but, crucially, our role is also about thought leadership. In presentation, we expand the understanding of both scientific and business audiences. In collaboration, we help to translate the results of our research programs into irresistible commercial propositions.

Key Responsibilities    
Engage with security subject matter experts and key business stakeholders to identify opportunities to leverage data science 
Define the problem to be solved and identify the data necessary to solve it 
Perform exploratory data analysis and work collaboratively with other researchers and security SMEs to develop relevant features 
When necessary, apply machine learning techniques (supervised, unsupervised, deep learning, etc.) 
Build, test, measure and refine models until key metrics are achieved  


Essential Requirements    
M.S. in Computer Science or related field and/or 8+ years of equivalent hands-on experience 
Hands-on experience developing ML-based models 
Programming experience in either Python or R 
Strong understanding of algorithms and statistics 
Effective team player with strong communication skills who can interface with stakeholders throughout RSA 
Willingness to work on problems in cutting edge areas that involve technical risk  


Desirable Requirements    
Experience in cyber security and threat detection 
Comfortable in cloud development (AWS, Azure, etc.) 
Able to quickly learn and adopt new tools  


Benefits 
We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.

If you’re keen to independently apply data science techniques to explore significant and unique issues, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell.


Closing date:  01 September 2019

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Bedford, MA 01730 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         971_R023843
