The Senior Data Scientist will develop advanced predictive models and exploratory data analyses that will unveil key data insights leveraging both structured and unstructured data. This role will work closely with Data Engineering and the business team to determine what data insights need to be derived and the problem statement that should guide the analysis in order to solve business problems. This individual will be a key communicator of analytical results and insights to various stakeholders across and outside the company. This will require an advanced understanding of which data visualizations and techniques will be most effective in communicating insights to the business team. The Senior Data Scientist will be required to drive all analytics efforts supporting the product development lifecycle. Job Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a quantitative or technical field such as mathematics, statistics, computer science, or engineering with 8 or more years of experience in a data science and/or predictive analytics role OR - A Masters or Ph.D. degree in a relevant discipline with 3 or more years of experience in a data science and/or predictive analytics role (Masters or Ph.D. strongly preferred). Ability to independently develop advanced statistical and machine learning models using a variety of techniques (e.g. GLM, Neural Networks, Tree-based learning methods). Comfortable bringing new ideas to the team and assessing their benefits over currently used methodologies. Ability to identify the appropriate modeling technique given a problem statement based on the availability, variety, and quality of data. Ability to identify and define a problem statement given a business problem. Expert level knowledge in one or more languages commonly used in data analytics (Python, R, Java, Scala, etc.). Python / R proficiency is strongly preferred. Expert level knowledge in SQL and database management, both relational and big-data platforms. Experience visualizing complex data insights using ggplot2 in R or seaborn/matplotlib in Python. Experience in managing, validating, and manipulating large, complex datasets. Strong ability to communicate complex analyses and concepts to non-technical audiences within and outside of the organization. Comfortable performing independent research to support analytics decisions as part of the product lifecycle. Past experience in insurance industry and other related risk prediction efforts highly desirable.
