Who you are Customer Experience "CX" Data Scientists work with people and tools across the business to collect, interpret, and analyze large sets of data using qualitative and quantitative methodologies, automation, and applied AI/ML programming to drive business solution. Data Scientists produce financial and market intelligence based on analysis of business performance and evaluation of future impact. This work supports and enables other functions across the business through the identification of opportunities, trends, potential area of improvement, and the application of predictive modeling. This role requires cross functional partnership and the ability to clearly communicate information to partners. Furthermore, this role requires in-depth and specialized higher level education, and working practice of statistics, big data analytics, social physics, scripting, data visualization, and/or psychometrics. We are seeking high energy and qualified candidates who possess the following skills and experience: Minimum: Masters in Computer science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or related field Preferred: PhD in Computer science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or related field 2-3 years of experience working as a data scientist/2-3 years of experience working in Statistics, Analytics or Data science What you'll do: Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze performance and data accuracy. Improve data collection procedures to include meaningful information to build and continuously optimize the analytic systems. Collaborate with IT to continuously optimize business performance. Process, cleanse and verify the integrity of data from various sources used for analysis and reporting. Use latest data visualization tools and techniques to present and communicate analysis to leadership team utilizing data management, analytics modeling, and business analysis. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Advise leadership team and partners with data-driven solutions and recommended strategies that address business challenges.
