Date Posted:

2019-08-20-07:00

Country:

United States of America

Location:

HIA32: Cedar Rapids, IA 400 Collins Rd NE , Cedar Rapids, IA, 52498-0505 USA

Data Scientist / Software Engineer - ATC Research and Development

Mission Systems

Job Summary:

We are looking for a Research and Development professional with a deep understanding of modern tools and techniques to conduct web services development and machine learning to conduct research in the Mission Systems Advanced Technology organization.

The selected researcher will work in a small group of collaborators and will be responsible for seeking out new research opportunities with private companies and government labs. This person will also look for opportunities to transfer insights gained from academic, government and private research into Collins Aerospace businesses.

Job Responsibilities:

We are looking for a motivated self-starter with good analytical skills.

This job will require candidates to be fluent with web-based services development and have a good understanding of the following concepts:

End to end web microservices development

Database modeling and design

Specific domains of interest include but not limited to aviation, unmanned aerial systems (UAS), railroad operations, power transmission, and critical infrastructure inspections.

Technical Skills Include:

Basic understanding of IP networks

General proficiency in Linux-based server environments

Familiarity with web development concepts, tools, and frameworks such as Docker, Kubernetes, Flask, SQL Alchemy, RESTful interfaces, POSTMAN, NodeJS, jQuery, Swagger, experience with websockets, Nginx, etc.

Familiarity with handling, processing, and efficient queries relating to geographic information systems (GIS) data and common geospatial tools (e.g. Shapely, ArcGIS, etc)

Familiarity with GIT

Experience with data visualization (D3, SVG)

Familiarity with continuous development and deployment

Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (tensorflow, keras, caffe, theano)

Familiarity with machine learning architectures (RNNs, CNNs, LSTMs)

Familiarity with machine learning libraries (pandas, numpy, scipy, cuda, OpenGL/CL)

Basic Qualifications:

Academic background including an understanding of research processes and proficiency in evaluating and writing peer-reviewed papers.

Strong aptitude for programming in a variety of languages and environments including:

Web development: Python, SQL, JS, HTML, CSS

Scripting and server environments: Shell /Python scripting

Embedded environments: C/C++

Bachelor's degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM) discipline.

US Citizenship and the ability to obtain a DOD security clearance

United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms

Note to candidates regarding interview scams: We'd like to make it clear that UTC Aerospace Systems never asks candidates for money. If you've been approached with a job offer that you suspect may be fraudulent, we strongly recommend you do not respond, send money or personal information. Please report any suspicious activity to Talent Acquisition.
