This Enterprise IT Data Scientist Analyst Sr Staff position is part of the Space IT organization, supporting Space Business Area and working closely with the Space IT Analytics data scientist and analytics team members, performing data research and analysis, working with a variety of analytical tools and techniques to explore, analyze, and prepare data to provide solutions for our Space customers. The data research and analysis will result in varying levels of data gathering, reporting and visualizations.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Plan, Conduct, Develop, and Operationalize machine learning models on data-set that include time-series, text, etc.

Conduct Statistical analysis, set up experiments, formulate hypothesis and evaluate statistical significance. Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations

Develop methods, processes to gather and analyze structured and unstructured data from diverse sources, including public data such Social-Media, Bloomberg etc.

Develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, querying and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate datasets and model’s complex business problems

Develop information tools, applications, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance to support research, engineering etc.

Maintains awareness of emerging analytics technologies; Create innovative solutions to complex analysis requirements and finds a way.

Design efficient data mining and text mining frameworks with related tools

Analyze business processes, financial assets and develops strategic vision by evaluating the value of the information

Develops machine learning components and integrate into business processes

Engage with business users (such as business development, financial planners, Spacecraft engineering teams etc.) and conduct interviews to identify opportunities to drive business operation efficiencies and business growth

Co-lead and engage with data architecture, data engineering, data analysts, data administration groups to conceptualize unified value driven solutions

Craft whitepapers, research papers, follow industry trends in Machine learning and AI to integrate solutions.

Engage in critical design reviews and provide insights into alternate design choices

Other requirements:

Work location must be at a US based Lockheed Martin site (Denver preferred)

Off hours support for this position may include evenings, weekends and holidays

Periodic travel to Lockheed Martin Space sites may also be required

Basic Qualifications:

Familiarity with one or more of disciplines such as Natural Language Processing, Anomaly detection, Markov Chain and Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods, Machine Learning, Predictive modeling, Statistical Analysis and Hypothesis testing

Demonstrated proficiency in designing efficient algorithms and performing analysis with a numerical scripting language such as Python, R or MATLAB (preferably in Python)

SQL proficiency - experience with databases, such as Oracle, SQL Server, SAP HANA, etc.

Strong working knowledge of basic statistical concepts such as point estimation, probability distributions, hypothesis tests, and how they can be applied

Experience with integration and cleansing of disparate or incomplete data sets to deliver insight Effective use of front end reporting and visualization tools

Experience managing and delivering multiple, critical business applications - experience managing priorities and customer requirements; Ability to balance technical requirements with business needs.

Desired Skills:

Familiarity with Agile/Scrum life cycle principles and methodologies

Ability to evaluate, develop and present Analytics best practices

Demonstrated pursuit of technical knowledge and education required to acquire and maintain an expertise of the latest technological trends and advancements

Track record of being a strong independent contributor

Demonstrated strong organizational skills and high work ethic behaviors and excellent interpersonal skills and team building abilities

Strong verbal and written communication skills, including the communication of findings and their relevance in business terms

Proven ability to communicate and present to program management and executive leadership

Domain knowledge of Aerospace & Defense industry

Ability to build strong relationships with stakeholders, customers, colleagues and suppliers and to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable manner

PHD degree in a related discipline

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL:

Experienced Professional
