Job Description People are the biggest contributor to every organization's success. Eightfold.ai is changing the way organizations think about hiring, engaging and growing people with the power of technology and AI. We deliver actionable insights giving people the visibility and guidance they need to find the best hire and the best opportunity. If you are passionate about solving one of the most fundamental problem in society - employment - and like to work on hard technical problems while building delightful experiences, Eightfold.ai is the place to be! This is a massive challenge and we're seeing a hockey-stick growth! At Eightfold.ai, you'll work with a world-class team that has built & led products like Google Search, Google Ads, YouTube and Facebook News Feed. We are a fast-growing team of engineers, data scientists, sales people, marketers and we are always looking for other passionate, driven and creative people to join our team. What You'll Do: * Build production machine learning models to power all the different products we offer to customers * Build state of the art models and innovate on what is possible today beyond deep learning * Conduct ad-hoc data analyses; your analyses will decide which policies we adopt, how do we improve our products What We Look For: * Passion and drive to change employment and recruiting * 3+ years relevant experience * Deep understanding of and experience with machine learning and data analysis * Hands on ability to dive into problems and understand what's going on Eightfold.ai is led by Ashutosh Garg, a PhD in Machine Learning who managed Search and Personalization at Google, and Varun Kacholia, who led the News Feed Ranking team at Facebook and developed YouTube Search at Google. Eightfold.ai is a very well-funded startup backed by Lightspeed, Foundation Capital and several industry luminaries. Our benefits include medical, vision, dental, 401k, a well-stocked kitchen to list a few. Our team consists of people who are self-starters, driven and do-ers. We believe in giving you responsibility and not a task. We want you to have ownership and feel a sense of purpose in what you are doing. We give you full transparency in everything that is going on, and we really mean everything, so you can have the most impact.
