Job Details

Job Class: Student Worker Para Professional Senior

Working Title: Child and Family Health Data Scientist Student Worker

Who May Apply: Open to all qualified job seekers

Date Posted: 08/21/2019

Closing Date: 09/03/2019

Hiring Agency/Seniority Unit: Minnesota Department of Health

Division/Unit: Child & Family Health / Director's Office

Work Shift/Work Hours: Day Shift / 20 hours per week

Days of Work: Monday - Friday

Travel Required: Never or Rarely

Salary Range: $15.73 - $19.17 /hourly

Classified Status: Unclassified

Bargaining Unit/Union: 207 - AFSCME Technical, No. 5

Work Area: Child & Family Health

End Date: 09/30/2021

FLSA Status: Non-exempt

Job Summary

Job Summary

This position exists to assist with projects in the Child and Family Health (CFH) Division, working with the State Systems Development Initiative (SSDI) Project Director related to data activities for the Title V Maternal and Child Health Block Grant and SSDI Grant.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications

Completion of at least two years of post-secondary education.

Student Worker Eligibility:

To be eligible for appointment as a Student Worker Paraprofessional Senior you must be enrolled in a post-secondary or graduate educational program or plan to enroll within three months. Students may be "off" for the summer or for one semester/quarter and remain employed as a student worker, but such absences cannot exceed one semester/quarter in a year. If you are enrolled at a credit-granting institution you must carry at least six semester/nine quarter credits. If enrolled at a non-credit granting institution or one that only offers one credit per class, you must be taking two or more classes per semester/quarter. Any lesser credit (class) load will be treated as a semester/quarter off. Graduate students must be enrolled in at least two courses or making progress on a dissertation. You will be asked to complete an Educational Verification form prior to appointment.

Preferred Qualifications:

Current registration in a masters or doctoral program such as nursing, public health, epidemiology, early childhood, public affairs, or other health, and public health interest or research related fields.

Knowledge of and experience in data collection, management, and analysis using statistical computing software.

Knowledge of the general nature and objectives of statewide public health programs and MDH functions.

Knowledge of and experience with computer programs such as: Microsoft Word, Excel, graphics, PowerPoint, Access.

Additional Requirements

This position requires successful completion of a background check.

Application Details

Why Work For Us

Come work for one of the best public health systems in the nation and you will contribute to our mission to protect, maintain and improve the health of all Minnesotans. We are working hard to achieve our vision for health equity in Minnesota, where all communities are thriving and all people have what they need to be healthy. Our collaborative, mission-driven work environment is a major factor in promoting a high level of employee health awareness, employer longevity and job satisfaction.

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

The State of Minnesota is an equal opportunity, affirmative action, and veteran-friendly employer. We are committed to providing culturally responsive services to all Minnesotans. The State of Minnesota recognizes that a diverse workforce is essential and strongly encourages qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans to apply.

We will make reasonable accommodations to all qualified applicants with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability who needs assistance or cannot access the online job application system, please contact the job information line at 651-259-3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. Please indicate what assistance you need.
