Requisition ID: 256384Work Area: Software-ResearchExpected Travel: 0 - 10%Career Status: ProfessionalEmployment Type: Regular Full TimeCareer Level: T2Posting Date : 6/16/2020COMPANY DESCRIPTIONSAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That's why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it's the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people's lives.Purpose and Objective:SAP Labs, LLC seeks a Data Scientist at our Palo Alto, CA location to analyze customer's business problems, use cases and forms the requirements into feasible product feature.Expectations and Tasks:Explore data sources, implements data exploration, pre-processing and data cleansing on the historical data. Understand data and evaluate data quality from both data science and business value perspectives. Prepare the data for future models. Develop statistical / machine learning models based on the pre-processed data as a proof-of-concept. Assess and optimize the model quality based on technical level by tuning hyper-parameters, settings or even changing the models. Integrate the statistical / machine learning models into product. Work with application developers, machine learning engineers closely to ensure the model is ported into the product based on the prototyping. Work with product managers and designers to ensure all the features are delivered. Evaluate and improve the model performance under business context. Refine the model by tuning hyper-parameter, adjusting data sources or model approaches to resolve the business problem of customer. 10% travel required.Education and Qualifications/Skills and Competencies:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field of study and 5 years of experience required. The company will also accept a Master's degree and 2 years of experience.Work Experience:Experience must involve 2 years in the following: ML and data science knowledge to define the next key features for the solution; build features architected for speed and distributed computing; Research, prototyping and development in the big data, machine learning and data science domain and machine learning frameworks. 10% travel required.Travel: 10% travel required.Internal use only: reference code lhrs4262SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENTTo harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.Additional Locations :
