Responsibilities Be the thought leader for data science, AI and ML for the team's Provide leadership, guidance and mentoring to junior data scientists and practitioners in our product and delivery teams Define features, tooling and improvements to our products and processes Help grow our data science team for the future Keep pulse of the latest development in AI/ML, big data, and the tools and products data scientists and businesses uses Role Specific Skills Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development Experience using scripting languages and tools (Python, R, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large datasets Experience working with and creating data architectures Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques Familiar with the following software/tools/platforms: Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C#, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. Experience querying databases and using scripting languages: Python, SQL, etc. Experience with cloud computing (ML) platforms (AWS, Azure, etc.) Experience with distributed data/computing tools: MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc. Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: Regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Experience with data visualization tools and presenting data to stakeholders Professional Skills These are the professional skills we would expect from an individual fully established in this role. Customer Service - Proficient Verbal Communication - Advanced Written Communication - Advanced Teamwork - Advanced Relationships – Advanced Learning Agility - Expert Analysis - Expert Problem Solving - Expert Process Orientation - Expert Prioritization - Advanced Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree required. Master's or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field (Preferred) At least 3 years of experience in developing and applying advanced analytics and machine learning techniques to software product development and creating high-impact business analytics initiatives Other Relevant Qualifications Experience building production services, preferably as part of a product development team. A track record of implementing data-driven products is ideal.
