This position is responsible for supporting solutions/models that increase revenue and margin by utilizing Big Data Technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Machine learning and performing Data and Text Mining to improve Member Experience and Service Delivery. In addition, this position will work with Data Scientists in the team to develop new aspects of big data architectures and analytic system development. The candidate should think strategically about the data and be willing to work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment without compromising the quality of work. The candidate will need to support text mining and other such innovative projects from inception to delivery by working with SME and Senior leaders. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Assist in data acquisition and data preparation by pulling data from various databases to create modeling dataset for machine learning models. Assist in deployment and parallel testing of machine learning models and other automated models on various platforms. Designs data visualization, data transformation modules and supports enterprise data science team. Apply in-depth knowledge and experience to manage data science applications and liaise with partners in IT and Infrastructure team to develop new approaches and systems for efficiently implementing Data Science solutions. Help debug complex system issues and rollout fixes. Perform data analysis and assist in data reporting as needed. Recommend application and/or process improvements using root cause analysis, data mining, and best practices if models are not scoring. Help Sr. Data Scientist to schedule and manage scoring jobs on Unix. Must Have Qualifications: Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS or related quantitative disciplines, with minimum of three (3) years of relevant experience (Bachelor's required, Master?s preferred) Expert in SQL/Hive and strong experience with Teradata, Oracle, LINUX/UNIX OS, Hadoop/HDFS (and related technologies) PySpark/SparklyR development experience Experience working in HDFS, Apache Spark or Big Data platforms Experience with R or Python CICD, DevOps (Jenkins) Additional Qualifications: Familiarity with Agile Expertise in visualization tools like Tableau, ggplot is a plus. Established knowledge of database design (Normalization, Referential Integrity, ERD etc.) Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills Comfortable using GitHub Additional Updates What is the difference between the Data Scientist and the Data Engineer? : The Data Scientist develops the models and the Data Engineer prepares the data that is needed for the models. The data engineer will work on Model Deployment and will also assess the models. Assessing the models will include testing / QA. Making sure that the deployments are working the way they should. The Data Engineer will work with the Data Scientists They would also work on Spark They need to have an understanding of machine learning. They do not have to be a machine learning experts but must understand / be familiar. 3-5 years of corporate experience. Understanding of models. On the Hadoop side. Reporting and some big data experience. Understanding of data science and analytics. Previous Titles could be Data Engineer, Data Analyst, Dev Ops Engineers. Candidates with a Bachelor's degree will be considered, Masters preferred but not required / good to have. Looking for Big Data / Hadoop or Spark on Resume. If they don?t have Spark but solid Python that is good. How soon are ready to open this position? This is immediate
