: Develop, install, maintain, and modify advanced scientific and/or engineering application programs, business application programs, or integrated programs. Identify and analyze user requirements and recommend appropriate applications or modifications. You will primarily develop machine learning solutions that will predict a customer’s needs/intentions in real-time at the moment of interaction, in batch prior to the event, or in batch after the event for analytical labeling/categorization. The outputs of these models will then be used to determine the optimal engagement and experience to provide to the customer. Job Duties: You will partner with functional and channel stakeholders to define use cases and model targets. You will work with domain experts to understand data sources and complete feature engineering. You will design and execute experiments with training data sets to determine the best models to apply and perform cross validation to test the efficiency of the resulting algorithms. When algorithms reach adequate efficiency thresholds, you will partner with production engineers to deploy your models for run-time scoring. You will compare the live performance of your models to expectations and evaluate any gaps. In addition to model development, you may, independently or within a team, need to build solutions to support the overall project, including label generation, data schemas, ad hoc analytics, output structure/packaging, or end-to-end prototype demos. You will be responsible for presenting your own work to team members, peers, and leadership, and will build any visualizations or presentations necessary for those communications. Must Have Skills: Proficiency in Python, SQL, and Linux Shell/equivalent, and familiarity with HDFS. Experience leading the end-to-end design, development, and deployment of predictive modeling solutions. Experience and knowledge of NLP including NER and text summarization. Experience and knowledge of deep neural networks, including CNN and RNN. Experience with text parsing/regular expressions. Desired Skills: Six or more years of relevant work experience. Deep expertise in applying machine learning to solve a class of AI problems such as NLU/NLP, Reinforcement Learning, Voice Biometrics, Text Mining, and Intelligent Process Automation. Experience with using big data to develop models. Experience with Spark. Strong problem solving, analytical, and research capabilities. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to and influencing functional leaders and stakeholders. 5 to 7 years of experience. Education Certifications: Masters in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science, or a related field. EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178-6178.
