Position Summary:

Manage the master OIAA database, data sets, and systems; this will include evaluating, suggesting and managing upgrades to data collection, management, and reporting systems and responding to requests for data and information. Create and maintain databases, data sets and protocols to support specific projects and overall efforts of the Office of Institutional Assessment and Accreditation (OIAA); this includes linking databases and datasets; and extraction, management and integration of data from various data sources (e.g., institutional data sources and repositories as well as other secondary sources). Analyze and process complex data sets using best practices for advanced querying, visualization, and analytic tools to furnish insights, analytics, reports and recommendations; create/write and edit reports, and present results to high-level audiences as requested, and lead and participate in scholarly work. Lead and conduct ongoing data collection and management efforts to support various assigned projects, working effectively with various units to advance their data collection and reporting efforts.

Primary Responsibilities:

1.. Manage the master OIAA database, data sets, and systems; this will include evaluating, suggesting and managing upgrades to data collection, management, and reporting systems and responding to requests for data and information. Create and maintain databases, data sets and protocols to support specific projects and overall efforts of the Office of Institutional Assessment and Accreditation (OIAA); this includes linking databases and datasets; and extraction, management and integration of data from various data sources (e.g., institutional data sources and repositories as well as other secondary sources). Core tasks, utilizing best practices, include to:

Maintain relational databases and data systems, updating on an ongoing basis.

Manage, integrate, and extract data from various data sources (unit and institutional data repositories as well as

external resources); this includes linking databases and datasets.

Create high-performing database designs/code to retrieve large datasets and optimize system resources.

Clean and validate the data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.

Update existing databases and datasets.

Triage data-related issues; troubleshoot data inconsistencies within project, administrative and scientific datasets, and workflow.

Evidence proficiency using Excel (including advanced Excel skills with embedded Pivot Tables and Macros) and statistical analysis software such as SPSS, Stata, R, or JMP. Experience with MS Access would be helpful.

Tune poorly performing SQL to run at optimized levels; exercising intermediate to advance practices to identify poorly performing code and identify improvement areas.

Provide requested data, datasets and data summaries; this entails the ability to query and create reports from various data sources to fulfill ad hoc data requests and other data reporting needs.

Transform, analyze, package, and present data.

Use strong qualitative and quantitative analysis skills.

Produce concise data reports and clear data visualizations, including mapping applications.

Work effectively with various units to advance their data collection and reporting efforts.

Provide training to/serve as a consultant/resource to other personnel and units.

Evidence strong attention to detail, sound critical thinking and problem solving skills, and a commitment to accuracy, data quality and professional data reporting.

2.Conduct basic research/inquiries, including literature-based research, to identify best practices and trends relative to various OIAA projects and processes; manage and implement evaluation plans/protocols, including data collection efforts using quantitative and qualitative methods; develop and implement appropriate data analysis plans; conduct statistical analyses; revise and upgrade existing instruments and strategies as appropriate or requested; submit projects for IRB review and determination as warranted; write and/or develop and deliver accurate reports of findings to internal and external colleagues, stakeholders and constituencies, including high-level audiences; and, contribute to and participate in the scholarly work of the unit for peer reviewed publications and/or presentations.

3.Collaborate to advance the work and effectiveness of the OIAA and perform other duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

Master’s degree in a discipline with quantitative basis (e.g., STEM field, data science, math, statistics, economics, finance, assessment, evaluation, operations research)

Demonstrated knowledge of database & data management concepts

Experience with relational databases and data visualization tools such as Tableau or MSFT PowerBI

Strong analytical skills very strong attention to detail and accuracy

Experience with structured and unstructured data

Unquestionable integrity with an uncompromising commitment to quality

Experience in basic research design, data analysis, and communicating research results in appropriate formats

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in medical education or other higher education setting preferred.
