Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name
DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith
DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH
NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell
Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

BI manager responsible for Seller Risk Operations Business Intelligence and Analytics Insights. Manage a global team of analysts to deliver on key data and reporting needs, develop critical dashboards and identify key business insights, present monthly business review around SRO performance

Job Description:

About Your Role:

PayPal Credit & Seller Risk is looking to fill a critical leadership role on our global Seller Risk Ops (SRO) Business Intelligence team. This role entails managing a global team of 3 analysts to assess SRO performance, develop critical dashboards & identify business insights, present monthly business reviews & ongoing business updates, help deliver critical business intelligence, data and reporting solutions to SRO.

Specific Responsibilities

This role will lead in monitoring SRO performance on an ongoing basis and help drive strategic decisions for our global Seller Risk Operations team. This highly visible and versatile role will frequently engage with SRO Strategy, Operations, Underwriting and Monitoring teams to share the current state of business, help identify challenging business problems we need to solve and provide answers to the “big questions” through a combination of dashboards, monthly business reviews, KPI monitoring, and data storytelling.

Using a combination of stakeholder management, business & operational acumen, data driven mindset, people management and technical skills, you will lead a team that will be effectively be the single source of truth for SRO’s performance, data and reports.

As a Manager, you will lead, guide, mentor, and develop a team of talented analysts, to deliver solutions that help us monitor the performance of our Seller Risk Operations space.

While your primary role is to lead the efforts of others, you must be comfortable with being both player (at times) and coach. When required, you must possess the ability and willingness to “roll up your sleeves” to help stand up BI solutions, monthly business reviews and reports and perform data deep-dives.

As an SRO BI manager, you will:
Communicate monthly and ongoing performance and share trends with SRO leadership
Collaborate with all aspects of Seller Risk Operations including a broad range of partners to plan and deliver fully developed solutions for Risk analytics and reporting
Develop and manage our strategic roadmap for business intelligence products for the SRO team
Advance our current state of business intelligence solutions by innovating with new solutions, techniques, and methods to make BI and reporting more agile, decentralized, and user focused
Develop connections between business problems throughout the SRO domain and deliver analytic solutions to meet the most pressing demands
Communicate complicated results in tailored formats best suited to senior audiences as well as Operational teammates
Partner with the BI developer team to develop a suite of “best-in-class” interactive dashboards supporting our most senior Seller Risk Ops executives
Collaborate with our Global Data Service (GDS) partners to create simple, trustworthy data pipelines and build automated reporting, monitoring, and alerting to surface key insights.
Recommend new performance monitoring metrics and/or propose changes to existing metric frameworks ensuring what we measure stays relevant for our evolving SRO business
Manage and develop a team of 2-3 analysts with global footprint
Essential Skills:
Experience with reporting tools and applications (Programming such as SQL, SAS, R, MATLAB), and/or data visualization (Tableau, QlikView))
Experience with technical / data-mining skills with large volumes of data; extract and manipulate large datasets using common tools such as SQL, SAS, Hadoop, or other programming/scripting languages (Python, Perl, R, etc.) to translate data into business decisions/results
Must have good business understanding with demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically
Must be an intuitive, organized analytical thinker, with the ability to lead teams
Takes personal ownership; Self-starter; Ability to define roadmap, drive projects with minimal guidance and focus on high impact work
Ability to establish and maintain strong relationships with key business partners and stakeholders
Work with non-technical business users to understand their analytical needs, document and prioritize requirements, and help them effectively use the data and analytical tools that the team has developed.
Ability to communicate concise and actionable business results and proposed strategies from vast amounts of data to senior management
Possess excellent written and oral communication skills, and can interact with and influence decision-making by non-analytical business audiences
Ability to organize, prioritize work, meet deadlines and work independently
Learns continuously; Seeks out knowledge, ideas and feedback
Looks for opportunities to build owns skills, knowledge and expertise
Comfortable with ambiguity and frequent context-switching in a fast-paced environment
Experience:
5+ years of experience in data & business analysis ideally in operational areas such as Fraud, Collections etc
2+ years of experience leading and managing teams of 2+ or more in the BI/Analytics field including experience with high data volume environments
Proven experience in the ideation, research, discovery, development, implementation, and ongoing monitoring of quantitative solutions ideally for Operations
Prior work experience in management consulting or BI/Analytics consulting is highly valued
Education:

Bachelor's Degree required; Master's degree preferred with emphasis on coursework in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences, Operations Research, Financial Engineering, Systems Analysis, Finance).

Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Chandler, Arizona, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Timonium

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
