Mailchimp is a leading marketing platform for small business. We empower millions of customers around the world to build their brands and grow their companies with a suite of marketing automation, multichannel campaign, CRM, and analytics tools. The Data Science team builds applications that make sense of the data created by MailChimp's millions of users. By using predictive analytics and big data technologies we help MailChimp fight spam and empower small businesses with information. We work closely with MailChimp's Development and Operations teams to make analytical insights actionable within our infrastructure. MailChimp is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to help our data science team's research efforts. You'll work alongside software engineers by trialing analyses and training predictive models on our data that will eventually become customer facing and/or internal services, and you'll touch hundreds of terabytes of data. The ideal candidate is a self-directed, experienced data scientist who believes in demonstrating how data can be used to help our customers. You love new challenges, but you're skeptical of the new hotness. You've run analyses using various tools, but you're partial to Python. Communication and cross-validation are tools you use every day. What you'll do: Work and lead to develop analytical techniques for our predictive models as well as improve existing ones using Python's scientific computing stack Inform, influence, and support data scientists and software engineers workingon the team Help mentoring and guiding junior scientists on the team Help to identify opportunities in MailChimp data systems Work to improve quality and mitigate bias in MailChimp data systems Embrace and demonstrate our values: humility, creativity, and independence We'd love to hear from you if: Degree in Statistics, Operations Research, Mathematics, Computer Science, or equivalent experience 5+ years of experience in Data Science, Machine Learning or related fields Expert in Python and associated data science ecosystem Experience with Cloud platforms (Google Cloud, AWS...). Experience with big data processing tools: BigQuery, Dataflow, Spark...
