About thredUP thredUP is the largest online marketplace for secondhand clothing. We make buying and selling a cinch for millions of women across the globe. The company resells more than 35,000 brands across hundreds of categories at up to 90% off the original retail value. Headquartered in downtown San Francisco and backed by world-class investors, thredUP is reinventing the secondhand clothing industry and inspiring a new generation of consumers to think secondhand first. About the Role At thredUP, our mission is to inspire a new generation to think secondhand first, and data is critical to our success. We are seeking a curious and creative data scientist to join our team and build data products that drive critical business decisions company-wide. You will be working with a highly interdisciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers, analysts, and marketers. This role will involve building and refining the algorithms that drive our ad tech, marketing, and personalization efforts. Responsibilities Implement end-to-end algorithmic solutions to drive marketing decisions around spend, channel performance and attribution, and user multi-touch attribution strategy Build out our customer intelligence layer to power our personalization systems by developing recommendation algorithms and dynamic customer segmentations Uncover insights hidden in our vast repository of raw data, and provide tactical guidance on how to act on findings Participate in our knowledge-sharing culture by spreading best practices and learnings from prior experiences, helping the entire team level up Requirements At least 5 years of experience in data science or software engineering roles developing production machine learning systems Masters or PhD in a relevant discipline, or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability Ability to effectively work with business leads: strong cross-functional communication skills that help push projects forward and encourage the development of new collaborations Well-rounded skill set in statistics, machine learning, production software development, marketing & ad tech, and product management Advanced knowledge of SQL and python, and experience writing code in a collaborative environment At thredUP, our mission has been built on extending the lives of millions of unique clothing items. Much like our inventory, we believe diversity is key. As a diverse and inclusive workplace, we are committed to ensuring our employees are comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work every day. A unique perspective is critical to solving complex problems and inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. Everyone is welcome - be you.
