Data science encompasses the computational and statistical skills required to use data in support of scientific enquiry and sound business decision-making. We are looking to hire candidates to work on challenging data science problems across our oil & gas businesses, including exploration, production, refining, chemicals, retail and corporate services. Job Responsibilities Apply statistical analysis, pattern recognition, and machine learning – along with domain knowledge and subject-specific models – to solve science, engineering, and commercial problems. Contribute to all stages of data science or decision modeling projects, including problem formulation, solution development, and product deployment: Translate business-relevant scientific, engineering, and commercial problems into questions that may be addressed using data science. Design experiments and/or run simulations to generate new data in support of analytic studies. Retrieve and combine data from databases, data historians, and/or data lakes; there is strong emphasis on programming, particularly using scripting languages. Perform exploratory data analysis for quality control and improved understanding. Rigorously and reproducibly build, analyze, and compare statistical and/or machine learning models. Contextualize the results and synthesize them with existing knowledge and/or domain-specific models. Deploy data-analytic products to end-users and/or document data-analytic results in technical reports. Job Requirements Ph.D. in one of the following disciplines: Engineering/Sciences, Mathematics, Statistics or Computer Science withsignificant experience in data analytics. Experience in Python, Scala, Java, C, C++ or R is required Knowledge of statistics, linear algebra, multiple variable calculus, Fourier analysis or machine learning Experience using one or more of the following software packages: scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, jupyter, matplotlib, scipy, nltk, spacy, keras, tensorflow Experience solving problems using one or more of the following techniques: Regression, Support Vector Machines, Decision trees, random forest, Boosting, PCA, KMeans Experience in using SQL/No SQL databases is an advantage Experience working in Linux and in a High Performance Computing environment is an advantage
