Description:

Lumedic , an affiliate of Providence St. Joseph Health (PSJH), is seeking a Data Scientist in Seattle, W A to help to uncover important insights and build intelligent models to bring that knowledge to the Lumedic network. This role will focus primarily on developing and evaluating advanced analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence services to achieve those goals.

Responsibilities for this position include:

Work with Lumedic’s internal and external teams to conceptualize, define, and assess analytic products.

Help define techniques and metrics to positively impact financial and operational outcome Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).

Integrate with external and internal data sources (relational databases, NoSQL data stores, data warehouses, APIs, etc.) to bring relevant data to the Lumedic network.

Work with large healthcare and financial datasets to generate applicable data extracts, analytical insights, and statistical analysis.

Design, build, and evaluate various types of machine learning models.

Participate in the full machine learning lifecycle to deliver applicable and performant models on an ongoing basis.

Organize, validate and take ownership of all assigned requirements and deliverables.

Contribute to and enable a positive work environment which highly encourages creative input and constructive criticism.

Develop strong collaborative working relationships with our teams and our key stakeholders.

Summarize and present complex analytical concepts to non-technical audiences.

Qualifications:

Required qualifications for this position include:

Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, or related fields.

Minimum 3 years’ experience with complex analysis of large datasets

Minimum 3 years’ experience with statistical modeling

Minimum 1 year of experience with machine learning model development and evaluation

Preferred qualifications for this position include :

Master’s Degree or Ph.D. in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, or related fields.

Lumedic Overview

Lumedic is a Seattle-based healthcare technology company transforming revenue cycle management processes for modern payers and providers. From eligibility to pre-authorization to billing, Lumedic offers an end-to-end platform and intelligent network built on blockchain technology that embraces patient, payer, and provider interactions to drive more efficient operations and make smarter data-driven decisions.

Lumedic is an equal opportunity employer and we encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. Our goals for Lumedic are ambitious, and we’re continually in search of motivated, committed, and energetic people to join our mission.

We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details

http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/

Our Mission

As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable.

About Us

Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law.

Schedule: Full-time

Shift: Day

Job Category: Information Technology

Location: Washington-Seattle

Req ID: 235104
