Requisition ID: 35422

Our reliability is one of the best in the nation, and we’re working to make it even better. We live here too. That’s why we’re committed to making Florida a better place. Join our team today Learn more

Position Specific Description

At NextEra Energy, our people are our greatest asset and our enterprise AI Team is looking for Data Scientists to join the organization!

In this role you will be responsible for developing algorithms, modeling techniques, and optimization methods that support many aspects of NextEra and FPL business. You will use knowledge of machine learning, optimization, statistics, and applied mathematics along with abilities in software engineering with a focus on distributed computing and “Big Data” to deliver business value by translating complex data into meaningful insights.

 Experience:

Developing data models and algorithms best suited to a particular scenario

Assessing effectiveness of the data model

Using different data gathering techniques

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends

Use modeling to improve customer experience by optimizing work schedules and events

Develop processes and/or tools to monitor model performance and accuracy

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner

Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers

 Preferred Qualifications and Technologies:

Experience with Machine Learning techniques (classification, regressions, feature selection, etc.)

Programming skills that allow you to be self-sufficient in handling data (Python, SQL, Scala, Java)

Experience with large datasets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop, Spark)

Experience with statistical tools, packages, libraries (R / Spark / H2O.ai / scikit-learn)

Knowledge of statistical techniques and concepts

Present information using data visualization techniques

Job Overview

This position is responsible for developing algorithms, modeling techniques, and optimization methods that support many aspects of NextEra and FPL business. Employees in this role use knowledge of machine learning, optimization, statistics, and applied mathematics along with abilities in software engineering with a focus on distributed computing and data storage infrastructure (e.g. “Big Data”).

Job Duties & Responsibilities

Develops machine learning, optimization and other modeling solutions

Prepares comprehensive documented observations, analyses and interpretations of results including technical reports, summaries, protocols and quantitative analyses

Works with a variety of datasets, including timeseries data and “big data” requiring analysis on distributed computing platforms

Writes software in R, Python or similar languages and contributes code to product development teams

Performs other job-related duties as assigned

Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree

Experience: 3+ years

Preferred Qualifications

Master’s Degree

Doctoral Degree

Employee Group: Exempt

Employee Type: Full Time

Job Category: Science, Research, and Technology

Organization: Florida Power & Light Company

Location: Juno Beach, Florida

Other Work Locations: Florida

Relocation Provided: Yes, if applicable

NextEra Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, national origin, religion, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetics, disability, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.

If you require special support or accommodation while seeking employment with NextEra Energy, please send an e-mail to recruiting-coordinator.sharedmailbox@nexteraenergy.com, providing your name, telephone number and the best time for us to reach you. Alternatively, you may call 1-844-694-4748. Please do not use this line to inquire about your application status.

NextEra Energy will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

NextEra Energy does not accept any unsolicited resumes or referrals from any third-party recruiting firms or agencies. Please see our policy for more information.

#LI-AM1
