Come and join our incredibly talented, innovative, influential and highlyproductive Data Science team. Work with seasoned data scientists and software engineers to build data science solutions using bleeding-edge technologies that power a half-billion-dollar online luxury retail website. Big data frameworks, deep learning, NLP, image processing and recognition, pricing models, life time value, forecasting prediction, streaming predictions and analytics and much more… What you will accomplish: Be part of the team working on challenging data science projects like NLP, image recognition, recommendation systems, advanced statistical prediction models, and AI products to drive revenue and enhance personalized shopping experiences of our 16M members. Use statistical and machine learning techniques, including deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow and BigDL), Apache Spark ML (scala and python), and the Anacondas stack (python), focusing on implementing production-level code based on both OO and functional programming fundamentals. Work with a state of the art data technology stack (Spark, Snowflake, Airflow, AWS) that operates in the cloud and utilizes python/scala toempower predictive modeling services for both internal and external customers. Work with a tight-knit, highly productive and highly experienced team of Developers and Machine Learning Engineers. Gain exposure to a wide range of business stakeholders and departments ranging from Marketing, Merchandising, Engineering and ExecutiveLeadership. Work on meaningful, large scale problems for one of the most successful consumer businesses in Boston that can jumpstart your career in data science with a rare consumer focus and a cutting-edge toolkit that is at the forefront of modern and future data science applications. What you have: 3+ years of industry experience Advanced degree in Computer Science/ Engineering/ Statistics /physics or math Possess experience with machine learning and software development, statistical modeling, large scale data analytics and feature engineering Languages Required (Advanced Level): Python, SQL Languages Preferred (Intermediate Level): Scala Excellent communication skills, the ability to work well in a close-knit team, ego-less coding habits, and a collaborative spirit For Bonus Points: You have experience working in an e-commerce software development environment, TensorFlow or Big DL.
