The Corporate Decision Sciences team within Global Data Insights and Analytics (GDI&A) supports analytical solutions and insights across the enterprise in areas like Finance, Office of General Counsel, General Auditors Office, Human Resources and others. The Data Scientist discovers and curates new and existing data sources to create insight for the business. This is an exciting opportunity to utilize the latest tools and methods in Statistics, Big Data, and Data Science to solve a variety of business problems.

The role spans the full project lifecycle from analytic problem definition, through data gathering, analysis, model development, reporting/visualization development, testing, and operational deployment.
\n\n\n\n
 Responsibilities include: 

 
Acquire deep understanding of the business problems and translate them into appropriate business solutions 
Drive development and delivery of analytic and statistical models using skills such as data acquisition and management, algorithm design, and model development & refinement 
Ensure overall quality of the data & solutions throughout the analytic development process
Interpret results and communicate insights to technical and non-technical audiences including executive leadership  
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics 
1+ years of experience in mathematical programming, data mining, and/or statistical analysis 
1+ years of experience with one or more of the following tools: Data Gathering skills/tools (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, SAS, Business Objects, Alteryx, etc.) and/or Visualization skills/tools (e.g. Qlikview, Tableau, WebFocus, etc.) 
1+ years of experience collaborating with business to develop strategies and innovations to solve complex business problems
   Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Master's degree in Statistics, Economics, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics 
3+ years of experience in statistical or mathematic modeling 
6+ months of experience in Accounting or Finance  
Large scale data manipulation and mining/pattern recognition experience 
Developed and implemented Machine Learning models 
Strong oral and written communication skills 
Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills 
Experience communicating findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners 
Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create and implement an action plan 
Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems 
Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction  
The distance between imagination and .... Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products - and it is always ready to go further.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.

 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dearborn, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2685
