3M is seeking a Data Scientist / Statistician for the Optimized Operations (O2) Experience Program. This position will be a rotational program in US locations in 2020 with potential international assignments. Here, you go.

3M Optimized Operations (O2) is a manufacturing and supply chain program that provides recent graduates of opportunity to jump start their careers. O2 involves challenging assignments and rotational experiences geared toward inspiring employees to be continuous improvement driven, socially cognizant, and globally engaged. The O2 Program offers advanced development via training in Lean Six Sigma, advanced statistics, project leadership, supply chain principles, and applied learning. O2s will interact and network with senior leadership to make impactful contributions to our operations. Visit 3M.com/careers-O2 for more program details.

Job Summary:

The Optimized Operations (O2) Data Scientist / Statistician role is to successfully lead and implement multiple improvement projects within the 3M manufacturing and supply chain environment.

Roles and Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:

Participating in extensive training such as Lean Six Sigma, project management and leadership development.

Lead assigned projects, with mentoring, to develop proficiency using established methods, practices, and concepts that are heavily weighted by Six Sigma methodology and focused on Lean Manufacturing Principles.

Lead multiple Green Belt projects and become Green Belt Certified within 12 months.

Project work may include quality improvements, process control improvements, complex data analysis and interpretation, etc.

Lead a social responsibility project.

Will work in multiple locations as assigned.

Basic Qualifications:

Possess a Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) in statistics, data science, information systems or related business intelligence from an accredited institution

Previous internship, co-op, and/or industry work experience

Must be willing to relocate anywhere in the continental United States within the first 24 months of employment

Preferred Qualifications:

Recent graduates (of any age) who are in the last year of completing a bachelor’s degree or higher in statistics, data science, information systems or related business intelligence from an accredited institute, or have completed such a degree within the last three years

Minimum of a 3.0 cumulative GPA on a 4.0 scale

Previous experience working in a Data Scientist / Statistician role in a manufacturing environment

Excellent oral and written communication skills along with strong computer skills

Ability to work on cross-functional teams

Demonstrated leadership ability, organizational skills, process control, and statistical knowledge

Demonstrated experience with flexible work locations

Location: Multiple US locations, to be determined

Travel: May include up to 10% domestic travel and international assignment

Relocation : Is authorized

Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).

Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws.

U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens.

To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).

The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.
