Ref ID: 04951-9502143195Classification: Data ScientistCompensation: DOEFor Consideration Please Email Your Resume to: Alexandra.Egge@rht.com Robert Half Technologies Client is seeking a Data Scientist to join their energetic and exciting team! The client offers a laid-back environment, has a casual dress, and is also a growing company. This position is a full time opportunity and is located in Irving, TX. Ideal Personality Will Look Like: • Having a passion for emerging technologies and innovation.• Has excellent communication skills with ability to articulate ideas clearly and concisely.• Is always acting with honesty, integrity and cooperation.• Will be able to provide a quality product with a personal guarantee.• Lastly is actively seeking personal growth and improvement.Role Description: This role will be responsible for modeling complex decision problems, discovering actionable insights, and identifying opportunities through the use of analytical, statistical, algorithmic, data-mining and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytic skills, in this role you will be expected to be proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database, computing environments, and communicating results. The Data Scientist will work closely with business leads, data stewards, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information and actionable knowledge that can be used to prescribe sound organizational/business decisions. The Data Scientist is expected to be creative thinker that can analyze data within the information domain boundaries by applying machine learning, data mining and statistical techniques (the process of discovering new patterns from large datasets) and propose model hypotheses for making new/innovative business decisions. This candidate is expected to be proficient in programming/scripting in order to model data in a way to visualize it by shaping/re-shaping data attributes from multiple viewpoints and to validate their hypotheses/findings using an experimental and iterative approach. The Data Scientist will present hypothesis/findings to business leads by exposing their assumptions and validations in a clear & structured manner that can be easily understood by businesscounterparts. A combination of business focus, strong analytical and problem solving skills coupled with programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle through hypotheses during the discovery phase of the project are mandatory. Job Requirements Required Qualifications:• Great proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms,• Has experience of using several decision algorithms such as Random Forest, AdaBoost & other ensembles, Classification & Clustering, Decision trees, SVM, Neural Nets, Optimization (Linear, Non-linear, Dynamic programming etc.), Operations Research techniques, Graphs & Networks, Natural Language Processing, Event Streams & Temporal processing, Business Rules or any other machine learning/AI types of algorithms• Has familiarity with one or more quantitative data analysis languages such as R, MATLAB, Octave, SAS, SPSS, SciPy, NumPy, SQL• Familiarity with distributed Computing platforms such as Hadoop and Spark, NoSQL databases, Distributed Real-time Systems• Great programming skills (such as Hadoop MapReduce or other big data frameworks, Java). Familiarity with functional programming languages such as Erlang, Scala or Python is a plus• Great communication and interpersonal skills; a team player with strong empathy for our internal and external customers. Ability to effectively collaborate with R&D team members as well as across teamTechnology doesn't change the world. People do. As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agencies The intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched. Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. © 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
