Data Scientist • Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or related field. • 3 years+ experience in data analytics, data mining and statistical analysis. • Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills. • Must have a clear understanding and implementation of different machine learning algorithms such as logistic regression, decision trees, SVM, Naïve Bayes, KNN, neural networks, gradient descent, Random forest, etc. • Experience working with structured and unstructured data. • SQL experience is a must. • Ability to understand business requirements, collaborate with team, provide ideas, and clearly present new findings/ solutions. • Strong understanding of basic statistics, linear algebra and calculus. • Programming background and exposure to python is required. • Able to build analytics solution from scratch. Includes data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, modeling, testing and implementation. • Expertise in building machine learning algorithms using at least one of the following languages: Python, R and Scala • Exposure to any reporting tool. Tableau is preferred. • Experience working with natural language processing and text mining. • Open to learn new tools and technologies. • Able to adapt to fast-paced working environment. Job Requirements Data Scientist • Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or related field. • 3 years+ experience in data analytics, data mining and statistical analysis. • Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills. • Must have a clear understanding and implementation of different machine learning algorithms such as logistic regression, decision trees, SVM, Naïve Bayes, KNN, neural networks, gradient descent, Random forest, etc. • Experience working with structured and unstructured data. • SQL experience is a must. • Ability to understand business requirements, collaborate with team, provide ideas, and clearly present new findings/ solutions. • Strong understanding of basic statistics, linear algebra and calculus. • Programming background and exposure to python is required. • Able to build analytics solution from scratch. Includes data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, modeling, testing and implementation. • Expertise in building machine learning algorithms using at least one of the following languages: Python, R and Scala • Exposure to any reporting tool. Tableau is preferred. • Experience working with natural language processing and text mining. • Open to learn new tools and technologies. • Able to adapt to fast-paced working environment.Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because they inquired about, discussed, or disclosed compensation. Email recruitinghelp @ disys.com to contact us if you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation in the application process.
