About The Position:This individual will be responsible for conducting advanced analytics and modeling, research activities and program evaluations to help determine actionable insights to ensure high quality member care, inform continuous program improvement and drive product development. This key role will collaborate with clinical and business leaders within the organization to understand opportunities to apply a variety of statistical and modeling techniques to support business strategy, develop said models and assist the business in applying resulting insights. Assignments may range between investigative analyses, predictive modeling, risk stratification, program evaluation, classification models and machine learning.Position Responsibilities:Lead development and implementation of models that help us understand and describe the impact of our healthcare programs. This includes literature searches, development and implementation of study methodology and documentation, data extraction, statistical analysis, coordinating with design and implementation of interventions based on findings and assessing intervention impacts to achieve and maintain improvement. Extract, prepare, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysisCreate standard frameworks and processes for systematic statistical modeling.Visualize and interpret the results of analyses to articulate recommendations to shape strategy.Partner with key business partner teams to understand needs and conduct analyses that will help determine strategy and clinical and operational program enhancements. Advocate the benefits of, and appropriate use of, advanced analytics across the organization.Serve as mentor to team analysts should their individual analytics projects require more advanced statistical methodsPosition Requirements:Education: Master’s Degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Health Outcomes Research, Psychology, Economics, Math or Data Science or similar field. PhD preferred.Relevant Work Experience:At least 3 years’ experience in related healthcare analytics or value-based care research. Strong knowledge and experience with analytic tools and applications in healthcare like episode analytics and risk adjustment.Excellent technical – and intuitive - analytic skills.Excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as presentation skills. An ability to ‘tell the story’ from the data and models.Strong technical skills to extract, transpose, and analyze Big Data using SAS, R, Python, SQL or similar methods in Oracle, Teradata, or Hadoop environments (or similar) and use of advanced visualization tools such as Tableau or PowerBI.Direct experience building and productionalizing statistical and machine learning models (linear regression, generalized linear models, random forest, k-nearest neighbors, etc.) on realistic (imperfect) data sets. Understanding of various data structures and common methods in data cleansing and transformation to build the data sets for analyses. Experience in presenting results from analyses and modeling to non-technical partners. Experience with natural language processing a plusTO APPLY:Click below on “Apply for this Position” to create a profile and apply for the positionBeacon Health Options is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer as well as a Drug Free and Tobacco Free Work Environment. EOE/AA/M/F/Veterans/DisabledAt Beacon Health Options, our candidate's data privacy is a top priority. Our recruiting team conducts all communications using official company email (@BeaconHealthOptions.com). Only candidates who have applied for an open position through our Careers page (careers.beaconhealthoptions.com) will be engaged in our interview process. Beacon conducts all interviews in person or over the phone. At no time during the recruiting process will any Beacon recruiter request any financial or personally identifiable information from you.
