Summary:

The Data Scientist will support our sales, service, marketing, fixed ops and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Primary Responsibilities:

Work closely with our business partners to support their department strategy. Implements this strategy by reviewing our various data sets to understand data trends.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Perform strategic data analysis and research to better understand our customers.

Ability to draw insights from multiple data sources to provide bettere visibility into safety/quality related issues.

Develop analytical approaches to answer high-level questions and develop insightful recommendations.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Demonstrate a client-service mindset and a desire to take on tough and challenging projects.

Ability to balance the demands of multiple projects simultaneously.

Additional Responsibilities:

Mentors IT staff and business users regarding data mining and analysis procedures in order to ensure business goals and objectives are met.

Assists in preparation and cleansing of data for analysis.

Educates business users on advanced analytics best practices.

Required Skills and Abilities:

Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Prior experience with visualization tools such as D3.js, HTML, and CSS is a plus.

Linux server-side application administration experience (RStudio Server, Shiny Server, RStudio Connect) a plus.

Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MySQL, etc.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

Education/Experience

Bachelor's degree and 6-8 years of experience.
