McLean 2 (19052), United States of America, McLean, Virginia

At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Data Scientist - Small Business Card

Data Scientist, Small Business Card

Data is at the center of everything we do. As a startup, we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making.

As a Data Scientist at Capital One, you’ll be part of a team that’s leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in computing and machine learning technologies and operating across billions of customer records to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and agony in their financial lives.

Team Description:

Small Business Card is one of the critical lines of business within Capital One. We develop products and services for Small Business owners and have the leading product in the market with the Spark card offering 2% cash back. The business has been growing massively year over year on the heels of a robust strategic agenda around building business-grade solutions to meet the needs of small businesses across the nation. Data is at the core of our strategy. We face the unique challenge of serving small businesses not just an individual consumer. Every day we put ourselves in the shoes of our small business owners to understand their needs and help them succeed. T he Small Business Card Data team builds the machine learning models and the analytical models to facilitate credit decisions for our Small Business customers.

Role Description

In this role, you will:

Partner with a cross-functional team of data scientists, business analysts, software engineers, and product managers to deliver a product customers love

Leverage a broad stack of technologies — Python, Conda, AWS, H2O, Spark, and more — to reveal the insights hidden within huge volumes of numeric and textual data

Build machine learning models and analytical models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, and implementation

Flex your interpersonal skills to translate the complexity of your work into tangible business goals

The Ideal Candidate is:

Innovative. You continually research and evaluate emerging technologies. You stay current on published state-of-the-art methods, technologies, and applications and seek out opportunities to apply them.

A leader. You challenge conventional thinking and work with stakeholders to identify and improve the status quo. Your passionate about talent development for your own team and beyond.

Technical. You’re comfortable with open-source languages and are passionate about developing further. You have hands-on experience developing data science solutions using open-source tools and cloud computing platforms.

Statistically-minded. You’ve built models, validated them, and backtested them. You know how to interpret a confusion matrix or a ROC curve. You have experience with clustering, classification, sentiment analysis, time series, and deep learning.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree plus 2 years of experience in data analytics, or Master’s Degree, or PhD

At least 1 year of experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis

At least 1 year of experience with machine learning

At least 1 year of experience with relational databases

Preferred Qualifications:

Master’s Degree in “STEM” field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics), or PhD in “STEM” field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics)

Experience working with AWS

At least 2 years’ experience in Python, Scala, or R

At least 2 years’ experience with machine learning

At least 2 years’ experience with SQL

Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.
