Title: Data Analytics
Locations: GA/FL/TX
Contract position 
SKILLS: 
 Experience in database technology tools such as   Teradata 
 Experience working with UNIX and shell scripting   
 Experience in Analyzing large amounts of information to   discover trends and patterns 
 Experience in Identifying valuable   data sources and automate collection processes 
 Experience in   Undertaking and preprocessing of structured and unstructured data   
 Must be agile for greater efficiency across all of our company   data systems. 
 Experience in Building data and analytics tools   that will offer deeper insight into the pipeline, allowing for   critical discoveries surrounding key performance indicators and   customer activity 
 Experience Initiating and participating in   projects in the area of prediction, optimization, and processes using   advanced statistical/mathematical approaches, in the enterprise   environment 
 Experience in Programming languages, Tools and   Technologies like Hive/Kafka/Spark is a plus 
 Experience in   Design and build of the infrastructure for data extraction,   preparation, and loading of data from a variety of sources using   technology such as Non -SQL and Big data will be a plus 
DESIRED SKILLS: 
 The ability to analyze, model and interpret   data. 
 Problem-solving skills. 
 A methodical and logical   approach. 
 The ability to plan work and meet deadlines   
 Accuracy and attention to detail 
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS: 
Bachelor of Science or equivalent   work experience 
--------------------------------------------- 
Title: Senior Data Scientist / Data scientists
Locations:   GA/NY/TX
Contract position 
Job Description: 
Data Scientist/Data Analytics 
  Six or   more years of relevant work experience. 
  Teamwork &amp;   collaboration skills to work across organizations and lead   cross-functional teams 
  Communication &amp; stakeholder   management skills 
  Problem-solving skills to develop quick yet   sound solutions to resolve complex issues 
  Must have experience   in working with large/medium size applications 
  Experience in   VLDB and in multiple environments 
  Experience with either   Oracle/Postgres Database 
  Development experience with PL/SQL   and SQL*Plus 
  UNIX shell scripting using Python etc. 
    Strong written and verbal communication 
  Strong analytical skills 
Even better if you have: 
  Strong foundational quantitative   knowledge and skills; extensive training in math; statistics, physical   science, engineering, or other related fields. 
  Experience in   leading large scale data science projects and delivering from end to   end. 
  Technical experience in machine learning and statistical   modeling. 
  Experience in data management and data analysis in   relational database. 
  Strong communication and interpersonal   influencing skills. 
  Excellent problem solving and critical   thinking capabilities. 
  Strong experience in SQL and database   management. 
  Python (including packages like SciKitLearn,   Numpy, and Pandas) 
  Experience with other data analysis   software and scripting languages (e.g. R, SAS) 
  General SQL   proficiency one or many (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata)   
  Strong background in statistics 
  Risk   management/modeling experience 
  Ability to bring in new   technologies and streamline the existing and new applications. 
    Ability to take immediate ownership of unanticipated fraud scenarios   and quickly develop ad hoc solutions when necessary 
  Work with   business to understand the requirements and help Verizon to come up   with right fraud architecture 
  Work with Project Management   groups to co-ordinate multiple projects 
  Work with multiple   Verizon architects to come up with right design/solution 
  Work   with the development team to implement the solution. 
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS: 
Bachelor Degree in Computer science   or equivalent. 
 Kritika Sharma | US IT Recruiter   
Email:  
Phone: 833-482-6687 Extn. 440  - provided by Dice

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Atlanta, GA 30301 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_1c2b8413dc561784f4ab5b85e02ded51
