JOIN US IN PROVIDING ENERGY AND IMPROVING LIVES.

At Phillips 66, we Provide Energy and Improve Lives, guided by our values of Safety, Honor and Commitment. Phillips 66 is dedicated to helping University New Hires make a smooth transition into the professional world. That is why we have developed career-specific programs designed to give you the tools you need to maximize your potential and succeed in your new career.

Information Technology (IT) is a valued business partner inside Phillips 66, driving digital transformation through the use of new technologies and delivery processes to impact the bottom line. By using agile product management and a DevOps approach to delivery, IT at Phillips 66 works directly with the businesses on their highest priorities. We believe in continuous learning and through our Digital University, we commit to making the latest skills training available throughout your career.

As a Phillips 66 IT University New Hire , you will have the unique opportunity to undergo a rigorous and exciting six-week program, Experience 66. The program provides you with a solid foundation to help jump start your career at Phillips 66 before beginning your new role.

The Data Scientist will play a key role in contributing to the success of machine learning and artificial intelligence projects across the company, by partnering with respective business owners and leveraging data to identify areas of improvement & optimization. S/he will build deliverables like business process automation, equipment health monitoring tools, demand forecasting models, prescriptive energy optimization systems and more that can scale with growth. Data Science is a critical filed for Phillips 66 that provide edge to business decision making and the role sits in the sweet spot between technology and business worlds providing opportunity for growth, high business impact and working with seasoned business leaders. Start your career at our headquarters in Houston, TX.

Responsibilities:

Solve business problems using data driven analytical approaches including machine learning, statistics, modeling, and artificial intelligence.

Implement models in Microsoft Azure, AWS, Hana, and other systems, including open source data science tools.

Build end-to-end solutions to solve high value business needs in a sustainable, innovative manner.

Engage in constant process improvement, always looking for opportunities to increase efficiency and reduce failures.

Requirements for a Phillips 66 Data Scientist University New Hire:

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

Currently enrolled in a Master’s or PhD program in quantitative discipline with high impact research. Disciplines may include Engineering, Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Analytics, Data Science or equivalent field of study

Earned a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field. Disciplines may include Engineering, Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physical Sciences or equivalent field of study.

Graduating in Winter 2019 or Spring/Summer 2020

Ability to travel up to 20%

Preferred:

A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale

Previous internship or co-op participant in related industry

Previous internship with Phillips 66

Phillips 66 SHIELD Scholar recipient

Willing to work in any of our operating locations

5 or more years of experience analyzing and interpreting large data sets

2 or more years of experience in a non-IT role in the Oil & Gas Industry

Proficiency in R or Python and familiarity with data science packages in that language

Must be able to understand the diverse business requirements and translate those requirements into applicable solutions

Ability to present and explain technical information to diverse audiences

Understanding of Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, and problem solving

Familiarity with Agile Development

To apply and be considered:

You must apply through your university prior to university deadlines (if applicable) AND

Apply online by going to http://www.p66oncampus.jobs and complete the entire application process

Attach an electronic copy of your resume and unofficial transcript

Answer all prescreening questions and provide your eSignature

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

About Phillips 66

Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company’s master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,300 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $58 billion of assets as of March 31, 2019. For more information, visit http://www.phillips66.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Phillips66Co and @P66oncampus.

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

Requisition ID: 51350

Location: Texas - Houston

Job Field: Internships, Graduate Positions, and Student Programs
