Job Summary

If you are looking to work in an Agile work environment that offers Service Beyond Expectations, this role could be for you. Here at PrimeLending, our culture is built around one simple belief – investing in our talented, dedicated employees.

PrimeLending is currently seeking a Data Scientist. Under the direction of the Business Intelligence Manager, the Data Scientist will work with our product, sales, leadership, operations, and marketing teams to gain insights from analyzing company data using predictive and prescriptive modeling techniques to help streamline and optimize our resources and processes.

Essential Functions

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.

Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Mentor and guide Citizen Data Scientists and Data Analysts that are interested in the field

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Make data-driven decisions and recommendations

Articulately and concisely explain the implications of complex data

Analyze data contained in corporate databases to identify data integrity issues

Assist Business Intelligence Analysts in the gathering of requirements specific to support complex technology initiatives.

Maintain relationships with third-party software integration partners as needed.

Create Use Cases, User Stories or other required technical assets based on business requirements.

Facilitate and organized meetings with project stakeholders

Configures and promotes objects through development to production using version control system

Job Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field or a combination of related experience and education.

Additional certifications that exemplify a desire for continued education is a plus

3+ years’ experience working and implementing predictive models.

Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.

Experience using web services: Redshift, Azure, Spark, etc.

Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.

Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.

Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.

Experience with Azure and Databricks is a plus

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using Python

Experience in the development and implementation of standards, procedures and guidelines to support operational processes.

Proven ability to be flexible and work hard, both independently and in a team environment

Excellent English oral and written communication skills.

About the Company

PrimeLending is a national mortgage company that was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX. A subsidiary of the financially strong PlainsCapital Bank, we have 3,000+ employees and nearly 300 locations across the nation. Our culture is built around one simple belief – investing in our talented, dedicated employees. We offer a competitive compensation/benefits package and a fun, professional culture and work environment… the people are fantastic! For 3 consecutive years we have been ranked by the Dallas Morning News as one of the top employers in the DFW area. We have a very strong, experienced executive leadership team and are a stable, well-capitalized organization that is poised for lots of growth/expansion.

Why PrimeLending?

We offer a competitive compensation/benefits package and a fun, professional culture and work environment… the people are fantastic!

National Mortgage Company founded in 1986 and headquartered in Dallas, Texas

2700+ employees and nearly 300 locations across the nation

A subsidiary of PlainsCapital Bank, PrimeLending is owned by a financially strong public parent company, Hilltop Holdings (NYSE: HTH)

For 3 consecutive years we have been ranked by the Dallas Morning News as one of the top employers in the DFW area

We have a very strong, experienced executive leadership team and are a stable, well-capitalized organization that is poised for lots of growth/expansion

6th of the Top 100 Mortgage Companies in America by Mortgage Executive Magazine

4th in top retail volume by Scotsman Guide (8th in top overall volume)

Dallas Morning News- Top Places to Work: http://apps.dallasnews.com/top-100/2016/companies/PrimeLending,_A_PlainsCapital_Company

Hilltop (PrimeLending's parent company) was recognized as being ranked by Forbes #5 on their list of best banks: http://www.forbes.com/sites/kurtbadenhausen/2016/01/07/full-list-rating-americas-100-largest-banks/#2e3c232e4fa7

Fortune- best workplaces in finance and insurance: http://fortune.com/best-workplaces-finance-insurance/

Fortune- fastest growing companies: http://beta.fortune.com/100-fastest-growing-companies/hilltop-holdings-31

Fortune- best workplaces for women: http://fortune.com/best-workplaces-for-women/primelending-5/
