Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.

Learn more about this role and how you can begin Working Right .

Our Corporate Business Unit delivers reliable, durable, high performing products to our global partners. Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, Indiana for a Data Scientist. Cummins USA is where you can work on industry leading projects.

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Solves analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills.

Researches, designs, implements and validates algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve project specific outcomes by leveraging statistical and predictive modeling concepts.

Leverages data science methodology to solve business problems .

Creates individual algorithms using statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools .

Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities .

Implements statistical techniques to clean, prepare and profile the data prior to deeper analysis.

Qualifications

Skills Required:

Abstract Reasoning - Envisions a solution before implementation by analyzing data, extracting patterns and relationships to establish a problem or solution's feasibility; develops new algorithms and analytical models using process diagrams, flow charts, and textual documentation to explain or conceptualize a complex problem.

Data Mining - Identifies relationships and patterns in data by using a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques using tools such as PowerBI, R Shiny, SAS JMP, and extracts insights into multivariate data by applying principles of multivariate data mining, small sample statistical inferential tests, dimension reduction techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Data Reduction - Performs data reduction in the context of data mining using variable selection techniques to maximize signal to noise ratio in large datasets for further predictive modeling.

Predictive Modeling - Develops statistical and machine learning models using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and performance metrics to generate descriptive, explanatory or predictive models.

Statistical Foundations - Builds statistical explanatory models for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as Null Hypotheses Significance Tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses or generate predictions for any given statistical or business question.

Programming - Creates, writes and tests computer code, test scripts, and build scripts using algorithmic analysis and design, Cummins IT processes, standard and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Customer focus - Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions.

Global perspective - Taking a broad view when approaching issues, using a global lens.

Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.

Communicates effectively - Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.

Self-development - Actively seeking new ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels.

Nimble learning - Actively learning through experimentation when tackling new problems, using both successes and failures as learning.

Experience

Requires some work experience or intermediate level knowledge obtained through education, training or on-the-job experience

Prior Customer Collections working experience preferred

Computer literacy in Microsoft Office, and Excel

Proficient with Oracle CORE and Lotus Notes is preferred

Six Sigma Knowledge or Experience is preferred

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university, or equivalent degree in statistics, information systems or related field required. PhD or Master’s degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, or equivalent experience preferred

Compensation and Benefits

Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com

Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins

Job
 
SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Primary Location
 
United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building

Job Type
 
Experienced - Exempt / Office

Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced

Job Posting
 
Aug 27, 2019, 12:30:14 AM

Unposting Date
 
Ongoing
