Lead Bioinformatics/Data Scientist 
 If you are a Lead Bioinformatics/Data Scientist with experience, please read on!   Top Reasons to Work with Us 
 1. Open, inclusive, and cohesive work environment
2. Cutting-edge science and market disruptive product
3. Excellent benefits, Equity, and unlimited PTO   What You Will Be Doing 
 Innovate and advance industry-leading data analysis algorithms.
Lead the bioinformatics and data analysis efforts for the development and evaluation of analytical pipelines for the platform.
Develop a robust bioinformatics pipeline and testing
Build and maintain databases for product
Partner with other R&amp;D members in planning and execution of development and validation.
Participate in monitoring of customer sites and provide troubleshooting support as needed.   What You Need for this Position 
 At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of:

- Python
- Bioinformatics
- Data Analysis
- Assay Development
- Machine Learning
- NGS
- Genome Sequencing
- RNAseq   What's In It for You 
 1. Open, inclusive, and cohesive work environment
2. Cutting-edge science and market disruptive product
3. Excellent benefits, Equity, and unlimited PTO  
 So, if you are a Lead Bioinformatics/Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!   - 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 

                        All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.                     


Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Palo Alto, CA 94301 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         AD8-15364919
