Ripple is seeking a data scientist to support Xpring, an initiative at Ripple focused on third party developers and companies who build, grow and monetize their applications on XRP Ledger, Interledger, Codius and other blockchain technologies. As part of a new internal initiative, you will be at a startup working at a startup; you will work as a full-stack data scientist wearing many hats but supported by the larger Data Team in your efforts. We are excited about the Internet of Value and hope you are ready to help us build it.

The ideal candidate is comfortable working independently and in a collaborative environment, always with acute attention to detail. You will empower Xpring engineering and product leaders with insight to make data-driven decisions and build impactful tools and services. As a member of Ripple’s data science team, you will act as an ambassador of data and be responsible for the organization’s understanding of its challenges through data.

WHAT YOU MAY WORK ON:

Own the definition and tracking of important metrics regarding adoption, utilization and impact of Xpring initiatives. How do we know we are making an impact?

Be the expert for technical deep dives of emerging blockchain technologies, such as DeFi instruments, novel scaling technologies and digital exchange performance.

Understand and model digital assets, their liquidity and how they can support different applications and use cases (BTC/ETH/XRP and beyond).

Identify and collect important datasets to support analytics and data science research across Xpring and Ripple.

WHAT YOU MAY LOOK LIKE:

You have significant hands-on experience applying quantitative methods to real world data, big and small

You are experienced with Python/R/SQL and cloud data services

You love delivering tools and APIs in addition to presentations and dashboards

You are a collaborative coder, comfortable with Git and code reviews

You have excellent written and verbal communication skills

You are excited about blockchains: the technical details and the potential benefits

WHAT WE OFFER:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders

A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact

Competitive salary and equity

100% paid medical and dental and 95% paid vision insurance for employees starting on your first day

401k (with match), fully paid parental leave, commuter benefits

Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite programs

Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it

Employee giving match

Modern office in San Francisco’s Financial District

Fully-stocked kitchen with organic snacks, beverages, and coffee drinks

Weekly company meeting - ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team

Team outings to sports games, happy hours, game nights and more!

WHO WE ARE:

Ripple provides one frictionless experience to send money globally using the power of blockchain. By joining Ripple’s growing, global network (RippleNet), financial institutions can process their customers’ payments anywhere in the world instantly, reliably and cost-effectively. Banks and payment providers can use the digital asset XRP to further reduce their costs and access new markets.

With offices in San Francisco, New York, London, Mumbai, Singapore and Sydney, Ripple has more than 200 customers around the world.

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual preference, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.

Please find our UK/EU applicant privacy notice here.
