Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.

Northrop Grumman Corporation is seeking a Data Scientist to support the Office of the Deputy Undersecretary of the Army, Army Analytics Group's Research Facilitation Laboratory located in Monterey, CA.

The research team conducts advanced analytics and research support for the U.S. Army. The team works with administrative, personnel, survey, and medical data representing millions of individuals.

Projects focus on health, resilience, and readiness among military service members, and include population-based studies, machine learning applications, measurement analysis, and pilot program evaluations.

The Data Scientist will support several projects.

Role & Responsibilities:

Develop data mining and modeling plans; describe, explore, and verify data quality; select, clean, construct, integrate, and format data; select modeling techniques; generate training, testing, and validation designs; build and evaluate models; develop visualizations of model results.

Responsible for developing statistical models and methods to support predictive analytics to help Army Leaders achieve and sustain individual readiness and optimize human performance.

This position requires data analytics, statistics, mathematical and communication skills while working in a multi-functional team environment.

Applies operations research, statistical, mathematical, and analytical techniques related to Health, Resilience, and Personal Readiness.

Provides analysis and develops information papers, presentations, and other correspondence as required.

Presents data to senior military and civilian leaders and provides recommendations as necessary.

Performs data consolidation, cleansing and analysis, and presents data from one or more source systems.

Basic Qualifications for a level 3 are:

Bachelors degree in a STEM related discipline, plus 5 years applicable experience or a Master's with 3 years experience applicable experience and/or a PhD with 0 years experience; degree must be from an accredited college or university in Data Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, Psychology, or other technical degree in a relevant field.

The Other Required Basic Qualifications Include:

Experience with machine learning models, such as logistic regression, support vector machines, principal component analysis, clustering techniques (e.g., k-means, hierarchical), tree-based techniques, neural networks, and deep learning models.

Knowledge of and proficiency in R and/or Python.

Proficiency with data analysis and basic analytics.

Demonstrated experience in Oracle or SQL.

An understanding in performing basic data exploratory analysis and strong data visualization skills.

U.S. Citizenship and the ability to obtain/maintain Department of Defense (DoD) Secret clearance is required.

Preferred Qualifications:

5+ years of experience and a Master's Degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, or Psychology.

Demonstrated strength and mastery in SQL and either R or Python.

Demonstrated experience developing data visualization products such as R Shiny and Tableau.

Experience working on the Army Staff, Army Commands or Joint Staff.

Familiarity briefing senior military and civilian leaders.

Modeling and simulation experience, especially with DoD applications.

Ability to collaborate in a team environment.

Ability to comprehend and analyze complex problems.

Excellent written and oral communication.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
