Click on"Learn more about this agency" button below for IMPORTANT additional information.

The primary purpose of this position is to serve as the primary environmental physical science program manager to perform management, execution, and operations for an assigned program element(s).

This position will support the Federal Government's response efforts to COVID-19.
IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: You MUST provide transcripts to support your educational claims. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.BASIC REQUIREMENT:
Successfully completed a degree in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that included 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.
OR
Combination of Education and Experience with education equivalent to one of the majors above that included at least 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The Basic Requirement is qualifying for GS-5 positions.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:

FOR GS-11: Successfully completed 1 year of specialized experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the position to be filled. Examples of specialized experience may include: serving as an advanced analyst in the field of analytical chemistry for analysis of water samples (primarily stream water, soil leachate, and precipitation); using equipment and instruments including atomic absorption spectrophotometers, ion chromatographs, automatic titrators, ammonia analyzers, carbon analyzers, and nitrogen analyzers; performing preparations, quality control, calibrations, calculations, waste and sample disposal related to the analysis; training other technicians in the performance of routine duties; and generating reports based on analytical data produced.

FOR GS-12: Successfully completed 1 year of specialized experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. To be creditable, the specialized experience must have been at the GS-11 grade level or equivalent under other pay systems in the Federal service. Examples of creditable specialized experience may include planning and executing complex physical science studies, which usually involved intensive investigations into recognized phenomena. This work typically involved conventional methods and techniques though it required going beyond clear precedents, and required adapting methods to the problems at hand and interpreting findings in terms of their scientific significance. At this level, physical scientists have the ability to independently perform scientific work of considerable difficulty.

FOR GS-13: Successfully completed 1 year of specialized experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. To be creditable, the specialized experience must have been at the GS-12 grade level or equivalent under other pay systems in the Federal service. Examples may include research design; analysis and implementation; analysis and/or consolidation of research findings data to identify strategic research areas or needs.

FOR GS-14: Successfully completed 1 year of specialized experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. To be creditable, the specialized experience must have been at the GS-13 grade level or equivalent under other pay systems in the Federal service. Examples may include providing research and science support information for program policy or Regional program management of complex or interdisciplinary nature; identifying developmental and training needs of managers to address program area design challenges and making policy or programmatic recommendations for specific developmental tasking and training assignments; participating in policy and guidance development to enable organizational implementation of policy or program initiatives; monitoring program implementation and making recommendations on the allocation of resources; adjustment of organizational engagement methods, protocols or procedures to ensure maximum effectiveness, efficiency, and economy.

FOR GS-15: Successfully completed 1 year of specialized experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. To be creditable, the specialized experience must have been at the GS-14 grade level or equivalent under other pay systems in the Federal service. Examples of creditable specialized experience: performs management planning duties such as concept development, master integration planning, and programming design for programs or projects, taking into account feasibility, costs, and economics; conceives, plans, conducts and reviews work in areas where there is little theory to guide efforts; Leads a research group and/or project; Performs environmental modeling and forecasting duties; Publishes research findings in scientific journals and Represents the organization to larger scientific and management groups.

Click on the following link to view qualification requirements for this position:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF

Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1300/general-physical-science-series-1301/

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Knowledge of professional environmental physical science principles, practices, techniques, and procedures to effectively perform project development, execution, training, and advisory services in assigned program element
Knowledge to troubleshoot environmental physical science problems requiring investigation of unsanitary or questionable conditions in assigned program(s)
Knowledge of applicable Federal, State, and local laws, regulations, and other guidance to make decisions and recommendations concerning assigned restoration, compliance, conservation, pollution prevention, and/or integration principles and practices; and health, safety, and security practices.
Skill to integrate an interdisciplinary team of professionals to include attorneys, public health specialists, public affairs specialists, biological scientists, environmental engineers, regulators, and other governmental officials, and community groups.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
