Science 37 is accelerating the research and development of breakthrough biomedical treatments by bringing clinical trials to patients' homes. Backed by venture investors such as Glynn Capital, Google Ventures, Redmile Group, dRx Capital and Lux Capital, we are seeking a razor-sharp Data Scientist eager to make an impact within a mission-driven organization changing the world of clinical research.

As part of the Science 37 Tech team, you will collaborate with motivated, energetic, and entrepreneurial individuals working together to achieve Science 37's mission of changing the world of clinical research through patient-centered design. You will have a hands-on role with the architecture and development of NORA® (Network Oriented Research Assistant), the technology that enables Science 37's groundbreaking Metasite™ clinical research model and collaborates with Product, Data, Clinical Operations, and other relevant stakeholders to define study specific NORA requirements.

Duties include but are not limited to:

Understand business stakeholders' needs and translate those into a data insights program with solutions for each stakeholder

Deliver on data analytics and insights by planning and performing end-to-end analysis: including aggregating and processing data, exploring data, building and validating predictive models, and presenting to business.

Analyze our existing data model/structure and provide recommendations to the Tech team for optimization to support our data strategy

Design and implement statistical algorithms and predictive analysis

Explain data analytics and data science findings and machine learning models to internal and external stakeholders

Work with Data Analysts, Product Managers and Software Engineers to gather data insight requirements, set goals and influence the product roadmap.

Minimum Qualifications

B.S. or M.S. in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics or equivalent experience

4+ years of industry experience in predictive analysis and modeling, data analysis and science

3+ years of industry experience in data analytics

Knowledge of data engineering, database architecture and ETL process

Experience building ML models

Proficient in either Python or R or both.

Experience using ML libraries such as scikit-learn, caret

Knowledge of machine learning frameworks and toolsets

Experience writing and optimizing SQL

Experience using data visualization tools.

Experience presenting data findings

Preferred Qualifications

PhD in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Bio-Engineering/Science field

6+ years of industry experience in predictive analysis and modeling, data analysis and science

4+ years of industry experience in data analytics

Proven ability to tackle business problems with data science solutions

Expert programming skills in Python and/or R

Proficient programming skills in Javascript or JAVA

Ability to develop analytic plans for data modeling process

Ability to accurately determine correlations

Experience with AWS data technologies such as Redshift, S3, Data Pipeline

Experience with Tableau

Skills and Competencies

Ability to think critically

Ability to translate business problems into data questions, create solutions and drive results

Ability to aggregate and analyze data from multiple data sources and build a holistic view

Ability to build clear visualizations to explain complex ideas and analysis result to executives and business unit leaders

Ability to provide guidance to other program and project managers

Ability to resolve conflicts and negotiate agreement

Ability to proactively identify impediments in project/program delivery and craft solutions.

Ability to set metrics for the project and program for performance and goals.

Capabilities

Strong written and oral communication skills

Reporting

The incumbent is required to work under the guidance and direction of the VP, Engineering with little to minimal supervision.

Direct Reports

No direct reports

Science 37 values the well-being of its employees and aims to provide team members with everything they need to succeed. Enjoy daily healthy catered lunches, snacks and beverages, and top-notch equipment such as the latest Macbook Pro, 4k monitors, and adjustable standing desks. Submit your resume to apply! f
