About NEXT:

NEXT was founded with a vision to implement solutions and bring change to a fragmented industry. As a FreightTech pioneer, we are designing technology-driven solutions to transform the $800B U.S. shipping & trucking industry. Our platform connects shippers with freight capacity for every step of a shipment’s journey.

Headquartered in “Silicon Beach” El Segundo, CA - NEXT is a company driven by a commitment to provide world-class service to shippers and truckers alike. We’re on a mission to solve a trillion dollar puzzle and make freight painless.

Armed with experienced professionals from Google, Amazon, Salesforce and Twilio, NEXT is seeking change agents who are excited to make a meaningful impact on an industry driving the U.S. economy. We have been recognized as one of Built in LA’s Best Small Companies to Work For and 50 Startups to Watch. NEXT is venture-backed by leaders such as Brookfield Ventures, GLP and Sequoia Capital.

Are you NEXT?

About The Role:

Our Data Science function is composed of Data Science Research team, Data Science Engineering team, and Data Science Analytics team. As a central and mission critical function in the company, we are tightly integrated with Engineering, Product, and Business functions. We primarily help build “intelligent” products for our internal and external stakeholders in addition to providing internal consulting services to our business partners and executives. As part of our Data Science function, the Data Science Research team primarily focuses on conducting and applying cutting-edge research to invent the future of intelligent transportation, uplevel the freight industry, and raise the bar on data science innovation and capabilities.

As a Senior Data Scientist in our Data Science Research team, you will formulate new product features and enable new business capabilities by enhancing the underlying computational engine that powers the NEXT freight platform and marketplace. You will play a pivotal role in scaling, optimizing, and instrumenting a real-time, complex dynamic system of software and virtualized real-world assets (trucks, drivers, freight, warehouses, yards, port terminals, etc.) through a period of exponential growth. As part of our team of research scientists, you will help shape our next-gen solutions by applying a combination of Data Science and Operations Research techniques to build cutting-edge models and algorithms. Based on your strengths and interests, you will have the opportunity to own and evolve your career in a broad spectrum of areas such as Forecasting & Econometrics, Pricing & Auctions, Transportation & Routing, Inventory & Capacity Management, Logistics & Supply Chain Optimization, Experiment Design & Recommendation Systems, Growth & Product Analytics, and Personalization & Marketing Science, to name a few.

What You'll Do

Partner with internal stakeholders on business initiatives to identify and articulate opportunities for applying Data Science. See beyond the data to propose and build solutions that will raise the bar for decision making.

Partner with product managers and product designers in synthesizing and prioritizing a product roadmap.

Instrument the product, engineering, and business ecosystem by building descriptive and predictive models. Coach and support individuals across the organizations to evangelize a decentralized culture of data-driven decision making throughout the company.

Apply your expertise in Data Science and Operations Research to build statistical models, machine learning models, optimization models, and/or simulation models.

Partner with the data engineering team in implementing and productionalizing your models, and in continually improving a data pipeline and data warehouse.

Mentor other Data Scientists and engineers as needed on best practices for the design and implementation of cutting-edge solutions.

Contribute to the R&D roadmap as a thought leader to shape next-gen Data Science solutions.

What You'll Have

Ph.D. in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Quantitative Finance, Statistics, Applied Math, Physics or a related Engineering Ph.D. degree.

5+ years of Data Science (and related) experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and/or simulation in fast-paced tech companies.

5+ years of experience in analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python.

5+ years of experience in SQL and data modeling.

Rich understanding of best practices in Data Science, Machine Learning and Deep Learning, Operations Research, and analytical methods and applications. Solid understanding of popular Data Science tools and libraries.

Strong communication skills to present effectively and to explain algorithms and insights to major non-technical stakeholders, including senior executives, board members, and large customers/partners.

Collaborative team player.

Proven track record of Data Science related innovation in the form of peer-reviewed publications, patents and/or awards.

Preferred Qualifications

Familiarity with application development life-cycle.

Experience in object-oriented design and development (e.g. C++ or Java).

Experience in data engineering.

Experience in working with or in support of a diverse set of business functions.

Experience in transportation, logistics, and supply chain industries.

Experience in venture-backed startups or other hyper-growth environments.

What You'll Receive

Competitive Base Salary + Bonus + Equity

Full Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits

401k w/company match

Vacation and holidays

Fun perks: open office, dog-friendly, unlimited snacks, and monthly catered lunches!

Join a rapidly growing technology company disrupting the trucking industry

NEXT is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@nexttrucking.com.

To all recruitment agencies: NEXT does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, NEXT employees or any other organization location. NEXT is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
