Lead Data Scientist - CNN, Deep Learning - RELOCATION OFFERED! 
 Are you an Expert with Convolutional Neural Networks?
Do you have Tensorflow experience?

If you said yes to the above questions, keep reading! 

We are a new, well-funded startup in West Hollywood, CA, using  Deep Learning to solve longstanding problems in the biology field. 

We are looking to bring on an a Lead Data Scientist who is a CNN Expert to our team ASAP!

--WE WILL RELOCATE THE RIGHT CANDIDATE!--       What You Need for this Position 
 - PhD, or published CNN expert
- Convolutional Neural Networks
- Deep Learning 
- Tensorflow

Plus Skills! (not required)
+ RNN
+ General Adversarial Networks or Autoencoders
+ Reinforcement Learning
+ Biology/Medical Related Skill Set    
 So, if you are a Lead Data Scientist who is a CNN Expert, please apply today!

Or, send your resume directly to Stephanie.Cluney@CyberCoders.com   - 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 

                        All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.                     


Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.                    

                        CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             West Hollywood, CA 90038 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         SC4-1395663151
