Oportunidade de Carreira
 
CANDIDATE-SE AGORA

Big Data Scientist

Locations: Varsóvia, Voivodia da Mazóvia

Job Function: Risk Management

Employee Status: Regular

Job ID: 19028073

The Model/Anlys/Valid Sr Analyst is a seasoned professional role. Applies in-depth disciplinary knowledge, contributing to the development of new techniques and the improvement of processes and work-flow for the area or function. Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Requires in-depth understanding of how areas collectively integrate within the sub-function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the function and overall business. Evaluates moderately complex and variable issues with substantial potential impact, where development of an approach/taking of an action involves weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations using multiple sources of information. Requires good analytical skills in order to filter, prioritize and validate potentially complex and dynamic material from multiple sources. Strong communication and diplomacy skills are required. Regularly assumes informal/formal leadership role within teams. Involved in coaching and training of new recruits

Significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc. by influencing decisions through advice, counsel and/or facilitating services to others in area of specialization. Work and performance of all teams in the area are directly affected by the performance of the individual.

Responsibilities:

Develops, enhances, and validates the methods of measuring and analyzing risk, for all risk types including market, credit and operational. Also, may develop, validate and strategize uses of scoring models and scoring model related policies.

Conducts statistical analysis for risk related projects and data modeling/validation.

Applies quantitative and qualitative data analysis methods including SAS programming, Structured Query Language (SQL) to extract, transform and analyze data and Visual Basic programming language.

Prepares statistical and non-statistical data exploration, validate data, identify data quality issues.

Conducts data analysis, data mining, read and create formal statistical documentation, reports and work with Technology to address issues.

Analyzes and interprets data reports, make recommendations addressing business needs.

Uses Predictive modeling methods, Optimizing monitoring systems, document optimization solutions, and present results to non-technical audiences; write formal documentation using statistical vocabulary.

Generates statistical models to improve methods of obtaining and evaluating quantitative and qualitative data and identify relationships and trends in data and factors affecting research results.

Validates assumptions; escalate identified risks and sensitive areas in methodology and process.

Automates data extraction and data preprocessing tasks, perform ad hoc data analyses, design and maintain complex data manipulation processes, and provide documentation and presentations.

Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.

Qualifications:

5-8 years experience

Proficient in Microsoft Office with an emphasis on MS Excel

Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication skills

Self-motivated and detail oriented

Demonstrated project management and organizational skills and capability to handle multiple projects at one time

Education:

Bachelor’s/University degree or equivalent experience

-

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - PL

-

Time Type :Full time

-

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.

To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.

To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.

CANDIDATE-SE AGORA
