Data Scientist /Risk Modelling-190019850

At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.

Responsible for working and maintaining behavior score models for account management which includes line management, authorizations, marketing campaign to generate balance, and credit abuse prevention within RPS risk team. Behavior scoring models are core and central to account management actions to drive profitable growth encouraging spend and balance growth in profitable segments, while applying appropriate controls to minimize losses in high risk segments.

Additionally, responsible for modelling/analytics projects that gather and integrate large volumes of data, performs analysis, interprets results and develops actionable insights and recommendations for credit cards risk management. Acquires data from multiple data sources to perform analysis. Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends or patterns in complex data to provide answers to business questions as well as provide recommendations for action. Interprets data and analyze results using various statistical techniques and tools. Presents data and analysis in a clear and concise manner allowing the audience to quickly understand the results and recommendations so they activate upon them and make data driven decisions. Collaborate with various partners to provide a holistic view of the analysis. Measures and monitors results of applied recommendations and present adjustments. Ensures all data acquisition, sharing and results of applied recommendations are compliant with company standards.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience

10 or more years of applicable experience

Preferred Skills/Experience

Graduate Degree (MS, PhD) in Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science or preferred.

Extensive knowledge of Probability and Statistics.

Proficiency with R, Python, and SQL programming languages, with knowledge of related data analysis libraries.

Experience analyzing datasets within relational databases, Hadoop & Spark.

Experience in theory and practice with Machine Learning algorithms to design models related to classification, regression and clustering.

Experience in theory and practice with Natural Language Processing methods to analyze documents and other unstructured text data sources.

Desired Experience in theory and practice of Deep Learning modelling, using software tools such as Tensorflow & Keras, and Pytorch.

Experience in the financial services industry.

Excellent communication skills, ability to work with multiple teams, and strong work ethic.

Work independently to drive results

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Manages the behavior score risk modeling for consumer, and business credit card products.

Responsible for the development, implementation, maintenance behavior score models, rules and strategies. Develops and maintains the modelling framework and support systems needed for continuous revision and monitoring of models.

May develop and maintain databases and programs to support model performance reporting requirements.

Provides expertise and consultation regarding consumer and small business behavior score modeling issues and gives advice and guidance to risk manager using the models in strategies.

Works closely with other areas of the organization such as model risk governance, credit bureaus, external consultants and compliance and regulatory response to ensure proper development and installation of performance reporting and model tracking.

Job Risk/Compliance/QC/Audit/Fraud

Primary Location Pennsylvania-PA-Horsham

Shift 1st - Daytime

Average Hours Per Week 40
