InVision is the digital product design platform used to make the world's best customer experiences. We provide design tools and educational resources for teams to navigate every stage of the product design process, from ideation to development. Today, more than 5 million people use InVision to create a repeatable and streamlined design workflow; rapidly design and prototype products before writing code, and collaborate across their entire organization. That includes 100% of the Fortune 100, and organizations like Airbnb, Amazon, HBO, Netflix, Slack, Starbucks and Uber, who are now able to design better products, faster.

Our team is in search of a Senior Data Scientist, Sales to help us change the way digital products are designed.

About the Team:

You will be joining our growing data team and have the chance to make a large impact at InVision. You will be embedded in our very data driven and data hungry Sales & Customer Facing Team to identify key metrics, conduct deep and rigorous analysis, and deliver novel insights and data products that drive revenue growth. You will be a trusted partner in the team tackling the toughest and most impactful analytical problems.

What you'll do:

Own the relationship with your stakeholders through excellent communication, collaboration, and the alignment of your work with what matters

Identify revenue opportunities using any and all relevant data approaches (modeling, analysis, reporting)

Identify efficiency opportunities using data (eg having our Sales team focused on the greatest opportunities and risks)

Enable data driven decisions throughout the Sales team

Drive learning through the use of data and your ability to share and distribute learnings

Provide access to data through dashboards and other tools to empower your team, and look for opportunities to automate and scale your insights

What you'll bring:

A passion for, and track record of, leveraging data for business impact in an enterprise SaaS environment

Ability to write complex and performant SQL queries to extract data

Experience in designing and building successful models for Sales teams and the math / stats and programming skills required to do so (Python or R)

Excellent communication skills with the ability to distill complex problems into meaningful and interpretable insights

Experience with visualization tools such as Mode Analytics (or others like Tableau, Looker)

Advanced degree in statistics or other quantitative field preferred

About InVision:

InVision offers an incredibly unique work environment. The company employs a diverse team all over the world. Each InVision team member is given the freedom and tools to do their best work from wherever they choose.

The benefits we offer in the United States and Canada include competitive health plans and retirement plans. Some InVision-wide benefits offered to all employees across the globe include a flexible vacation policy, monthly coffee shop stipends, annual allowances for books related to your profession, and home office setup & wellness reimbursements. InVision is an international employer so some benefit offerings will vary from country to country.

InVision is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
