Here at Universal Parks & Resorts™, you can enjoy an exciting culture where creating our unique Universal brand of thrilling experiences is a top priority. We are passionate about what we do and take pride in the exclusive ways we deliver fun.

Comprised of Universal Orlando Resort, Universal Studios Hollywood, Universal Studios Japan, Universal Studios Singapore, and a new destination coming in Beijing, China; we are proud to offer a universe of extraordinary opportunities. It takes a special kind of person to work at all of our destinations. We value individuals who know how to be part of a team, who embrace fun and are serious about their work. It takes hard work, dedication, knowledge and just the right amount of Universal spirit to open our doors of opportunity. We champion the power of cultural diversity and inclusion and continuously strive to maintain a team that is a reflection of our global audience.

Being a part of the Universal family also comes with extraordinary perks. We offer a comprehensive benefits package, career development, excellent growth opportunities, free park admission, complimentary passes, and more!

Join us if you want to collaborate, innovate, develop, and deliver the most compelling entertainment experiences imaginable that drive growth for the Universal brand around the world. Experience a workplace that will inspire you to be Bold! Apply today.

JOB SUMMARY: Lead, develop, and enhance the science of resort revenue management systems, pricing, and tools through data integration, advanced analytical modeling, and decision analyses. Develop hotel forecast models to incorporate into current forecasting environment. Oversee, provide direction, and guide the team to execute these initiatives.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:

Validate, calibrate, and optimize the Revenue Management System assumptions and settings through the use of advanced analytical and statistical models.

Trouble shoot forecast and optimization anomalies in the Revenue Management System through the use of statistical and mathematical optimization models. Develop testing to detect and reduce anomalies.

Mine and collect data (both structured and unstructured) to detect patterns, opportunities, and insights that drive our business by utilizing SQL, Access, Excel, SAS, and other statistical programs.

Enhance resort pricing systems through the use of advanced demand and sensitivity analytics, and measure the impact of pricing decisions on profitability.

SCOPE: Develop Revenue Management models and solutions for revenue management system and tools to further enhance the profitability of Universal Orlando Resort Hotels.

EDUCATION: Master’s degree in Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, or Economics.

EXPERIENCE: Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in the field or in a related area.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Operating experience with revenue management systems.

Proven track record in creating advanced statistical modeling, particularly with forecasting and pricing model.

Experience in data analysis with heavy emphasis on data driven decision making and the ability to communicate and simplify complex concepts to leaders.

Proficiency in Tableau, SQL, and Advanced Excel skills required. R, Python, Java, and Oracle preferred.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills

The ability to work through complex problems

Capable of communicating and expressing ideas clearly and concisely, in both written and oral formats.

Strong interpersonal, technical and presentation skills required.

Your talent, skills and experience will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.

Universal is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Universal Orlando via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written Statement of Work in place for this position from Universal Orlando HR/Recruitment will be deemed the sole property of Universal Orlando. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Universal Orlando as a result of the referral or through other means.

Universally YOU!

Universal Orlando is an equal opportunity employer. Universal elements and all related indicia TM & © 2019 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. EOE
