Overview

Reinventing Geospatial, Inc. (RGi) is looking for a talented and motivated Data Scientist to join our team! Our solutions require integrated models based on large and varied datasets, feeding analytic applications so that we can extract patterns and behaviors obscured within the data to augment the capabilities of human operators. We need data scientists/software engineers of all experience levels to staff positions supporting the defense and intelligence communities. This is a unique position where you will not only analyze the data, but also integrate your algorithms and visualizations into production systems.

The Data Scientist will be working on a project to leverage commercial and open source data streams fused with classified intelligence to increase indications and warning (I&W) data and to provide automated resource allocation and response options to include support for object detection. The Data Scientist will work as part of an agile software development team to design and rapidly prototype scalable solutions. The candidate must be self-starting, able to work well within a team environment and motivated to deliver innovative capabilities that directly impact national security. Exceptional analytical skills and communication skills are crucial in communicating with government customers and stakeholders.

Take this opportunity to support an exciting and challenging project, play with the latest technologies, all while helping our nation bring the best modern capabilities to our soldiers and analysts!

Responsibilities

Data Scientist Responsibilities

Provide data science support to perform feature engineering on data sources, develop association rule-based models designed to extract signals from data feeds and predict the likelihood of an activity based on patterns

Participate in the research, design and development systems software, software applications and/or tools

Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms

Experience manipulating data from disparate data sources, building machine learning and deep learning models.

Assist in the design, development, testing, and validation of multiple modeling design concepts to include but not limited to statistical, mathematical, and simulation models

Collaborate with product and engineering leadership on delivery strategy, roadmaps, and timelines

Collaborate with architects, engineers, and analysts to implement enhancements or new applications

Qualifications

Data Scientist Basic Qualifications & Skills

U.S. citizenship

Minimum TS security clearance required; TS/SCI preferred

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or related field

5-8 yrs. of related experience in:

Data analytics and Machine Learning

Analysis of algorithms, software, and software architectures

Natural language processing

Pattern analysis

Running multiple models and improving quality of detection

Experience developing and testing models

Windows & Linux/Unix environments

Experience with large scale data sets, using databases such as Postgres, MySQL

Experience with one or more of the following languages: Python, Java, R, C++

Data Scientist Desired Qualifications & Skills

MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or related field

Experience conducting model feasibility research and algorithm development for machine learning

Experience with distributed datasets and experience analyzing both relational and NoSQL data structures

Experience working within a software development or big data environment

Continuous Integration, Testing, and Deployment

IC/DoD focused data science

Who We Are

Reinventing Geospatial Inc. (RGi) is a fast-paced small business that has the environment and culture of a start-up, with the stability and benefits of a well-established firm. We solve complex problems within geospatial software development and national defense to make an immediate impact for our nation’s soldiers and analysts.

We pride ourselves on giving employees an exceptional life experience, where creativity thrives and challenges are simply part of the fun. We provide truly excellent benefits, including:

100% paid employee healthcare & dental insurance

Paid parental leave

401k with matching

Escalating vacation time

Referral bonuses

Tuition reimbursement

Professional development training

Free beverages and snacks

Catered breakfast on Friday’s

Reinventing Geospatial, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. Citizenship is required for all positions.
