Job Description
Business Insider and Insider Inc. create stories that inform and inspire people. Data and analysis help guide our business at Insider, Inc., ensuring that our teams can deliver our stories to our fans as quickly and effectively as possible. Analytics practices exist throughout our business units.
Our job is to build the tools and connect the trends to help them beat their goals.

The Role
We are looking for a Data Scientist with 3-5 years of overall experience to help evolve our unified data platform that serves as a single source of truth for reporting and analytics needs. It will support evolving data needs, empower the data-informed decision-making process, and accelerate business growth.
You will build and scale our data science infrastructure, partner effectively with various team members and stakeholders across the company to develop internal data science products that everyone can rely on and make impacts across the entire company.

Responsibilities
Work on the end-to-end data science pipeline: from data collection and cleaning, to building predictive models, to deployment of the results.
Collaborate with our Consumer Subscription's team to understand their problems and goals, develop predictive modeling, statistical analysis, reports and performance metrics.
Use strong knowledge in algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions.
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products.
Play a foundational role in deciding how we can best engage and grow Insider users by determining and helping execute on growth opportunities.

What We Are Looking For
Experience in statistics and predictive/advanced analytics with tools such as R and python
Practical, hands-on experience with a wide variety of statistical modeling methods.
Proven ability to effectively communicate technical solutions to engineering teams and business stakeholders

About Us

Insider Inc. is a global news and lifestyle publication with teams in New York, London, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and beyond. Our mission is to inform and inspire the digital generation and become the most influential and loved journalism brand in the world. To do this, we delight our audience, clients, and colleagues and we get better every day (you’ll hear that mantra a lot). Our employees are world-class storytellers, excellent communicators, “good eggs”, and—most of all—effective. We make things happen, love what we do, and have fun while we do it. You can read more about our Mission, Values, and Culture here and more about our company and brands here.

Our newsroom has three divisions: Business Insider, Insider News, and Insider Life. As the 4th largest digital media brand in the U.S, we tell stories that command attention and inspire action. We equip a curious and action-oriented audience of more than 375 million, including half of all U.S. millennials on the internet, with the information and inspiration they need to keep the world, and their lives, moving forward. The company started by building the world’s largest digital business news site which and has continued to grow and evolve to match the changing passions and interests of its audience. Insider Inc. is home to 50+ content verticals, the #1 daily news show on Facebook, and we publish 16 global editions in 8 languages.

We’re always growing, and we’re looking for talented, curious, and motivated individuals to join our team. We'd love to hear from you - even if you don't meet 100% of our requirements.
