What you’ll be doing...

Verizon is serious about innovation. About being the first and being the best. Verizon Location Services (VLS) sits at the core of the Strategy and New Business Development organization and is a critical part of driving innovation across our global customer base, both inside and outside of Verizon. Backed by more than 50 years of location-based expertise, we are building solutions that leverage the power of location intelligence to help drive technologies of the future. Technologies like 5G, Multi-Access Edge Computing and Artificial Intelligence that are allowing us to create products that were previously impossible. We’re building tomorrow with the best of today.

Use your experience and skill set (along with your imagination) to manipulate and analyze complex, high volume, high dimensionality data from varying sources to help develop various types of data-driven insights and products.

Spearhead statistical analysis, 3rd party data integration and hypothesis testing.

Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes supporting model development, model validation, and model implementation against large scale datasets.

Collaborate with data engineers to operationalize developed models and algorithms for production.

Use your passion for identifying and answering hard questions using the power of data driven decisioning to improve business performance.

What we’re looking for...

You will need to have:

Bachelor’s degree in engineering, statistics, or mathematics or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Three or more years of experience with exceptional data mining, statistical analysis, and coding experience.

Experience in analyzing and deconstructing very large data sets.

Even better if you have:

Master’s degree or PhD (in applied mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, operations research).

An aptitude for solving problems, an entrepreneurial spirit, and a desire to unlock the strategic value that lies within Verizon’s unique data.

Strong data mining, statistical analysis, and coding skills.

Work experience on the Amazon Web Services platform.

Knowledge of geospatial databases such as Postgres.

Ability to balance the “art and science” of solving analytical problems using quantitative and qualitative approaches.

Passion for evangelizing how data and information can be leveraged across Verizon.

Ability to turn significant amounts of data into informative and insightful actions through various statistical techniques that create explosive business results.

Ability to work independently as well as lead small cross-functional teams.

Thought leadership in location based analytics.

Experience with mobile technologies, geospatial and location services.

Experience with Deep Learning technologies such as Convolutional Neural Networks and their application to computer vision.

Familiarity with agile development methodology.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
