8901 - Corp Office West Crk - 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Richmond, Virginia, 23238

CarMax, the way your career should be!

Over twenty years ago, CarMax disrupted the automotive industry and to this day remains the undisputed market leader in a $500B+ industry. With best-in-class financial performance, customer satisfaction, and associate engagement, CarMax is well positioned for continued growth. With this growth, we strive to maintain our analytics-based competitive advantage through our algorithm driven pricing and inventory systems. To do so, we’re currently looking for experienced analytical modelers and data scientists who are looking to apply their passion for data and technology to drive business-critical decisions.

The primary responsibility for the pricing and inventory models team is to accurately value the unique characteristics of each individual car that we buy or sell, and also allocate those vehicles across our 200+ stores. Last year alone, CarMax sold more than 1 million vehicles, appraised over 2 million vehicles, and had $100m in weekly auto auction spend - all while dealing with constantly changing consumer demand, wholesale auction supply, and other market conditions that are often regionally differentiated.

To properly value and allocate these vehicles, our modeling experts must be able to apply statistical methods to develop predictive models that accurately and instantaneously calculate thousands of recommendations for our field associates daily. This requires the combination of a deep understanding of statistics/machine learning/other unique methodologies, the technical skills to apply that knowledge to develop and validate models, the creativity to be able to/the curiosity to want to apply it in a unique way, and the results focus and analytical ability to quickly diagnose and fix data integrity concerns as they arise.

WHAT WILL YOU DO IN THIS ROLE?

As a technical expert of our models, a successful Senior Data Scientist candidate will:

Develop and improve models by:

Analyzing vast amounts of complex pricing-related data, applying statistical/machine learning/other unique methods to develop/validate/improve predictive models and to identify data integrity issues

Finding creative ways to enhance existing models by incorporating new insights and data sources (customer interest metrics, web click stream data, market pricing data, etc.)

Designing controlled experiments to assess the business value of new models

Presenting insights and recommendations to Senior Management to drive change

Help CarMax continue to develop its data expertise by:

Researching innovations and best practices related to data sources and modeling methodologies

Influencing the team in the development of our modeling capability strategic roadmap

Communicate how our models work to team members, both at a general level and a detailed level

WHAT TYPE OF PERSON ARE WE LOOKING FOR?

To be successful for this role, we are looking for someone that can consistently deliver at a high level on the responsibilities listed above. A few of the competencies that will position you for success are:

Strong modeling skills and a desire to continue to grow those skills

Passion for using analytics in problem solving

Ability to influence the team’s results

Experience managing your own projects and delivering timely results

Record of building and maintaining strong working relationships

Ability to explain standard or novel modeling methods

Desire to develop into a strong technical leader and/or people manager

What are the qualifications for this role?

Education

Undergraduate degree in a quantitative discipline (graduate degree in statistics, data science, or related field is a plus)

Data Science Experience

2+ years of experience in strategic analysis, financial analysis, consulting or engineering (experience using SQL and Python to analyze big data sets is a plus)

What are some of the benefits of working in this role?

Ability to make a large impact on a Fortune 500 company

Play key role in driving company’s strategy

Despite being undisputed market leader, CarMax only has a 4% market share of the late-model used car market, allowing room for exponential growth

Large focus on professional development

Your development is as important as your work in our group

Our leaders are heavily invested in helping all analysts hone their technical, communication, leadership, and other skills

Great work environment

CarMax was voted a Fortune 100 best company to work for 15 years in a row

Good work/life balance; we work hard, but enjoy very reasonable hours

Work with a close knit team in a fun and casual environment. The broader Strategy Group at CarMax consists of 100+ analysts with stellar work and academic backgrounds contributing to our collaborative atmosphere

In addition to comprehensive benefits, we have perks like flexible vacation and an on-campus fitness center

Upon an applicant's request, CarMax will consider reasonable accommodation to complete the CarMax Job Application .

If you have technical problems when submitting your application, please contact us by phone (888) 922-7629 ext. 3888 or email recruiting_net@carmax.com.
