Stefanini is looking for a Data Engineer/Data Scientist in VA. Description: Review and validate the current process, considering the work that has already been completed by the existing team, and suggest new process improvements/automation methods that would result in productivity gains. There should be a checkpoint at the end of this stage that projects the productivity gains that are achievable. Is there enough value to justify the cost of the contractor doing steps 2 and 3? Automate the process where possible suggest using Python and/or Tableau but are open to other tools as long as they are consistent with tools used in the FR Refine and modernize the current reports by creating a new look and feel that is sustainable and allows for the expansion of customers to be reported on. The idea is to utilize productivity gains from automation to offset the expansion of customer base. Create documentation that describes the new process end-to-end. Risks The use of SAS reports is being phased out by the Client. The replacement for SAS is to us Web Focus. The Web Focus group has a freeze on creating new Web Focus reports until Remedy is moved to the Cloud. The first steps for the team was to unify the 4 SAS reports they receive into a single, larger SAS report. They feel that standardization will result in a slight efficiency gain. The SAS team is reluctant to make changes knowing that those reports are moving to Web Focus. Web Focus has a freeze on new reports until Remedy moved to the cloud. Skills associated with being a data engineer/data scientist Must be well versed in data manipulation, data organization, and process improvement Must have extensive knowledge of Tableau, creating metrics reports, and creating dashboards with proper data visualization Must be proficient in Python, R, Spark and/or Power Bi Some experience using Git, GitHub and GitLab for code repository Some knowledge of Hadoop and connecting/setting up live Tableau dashboards Some knowledge of AI/Machine Learning Contractor must be based in Richmond and be housed in close proximity to Aktarul, Pat and Jamal on 5th floor of the Richmond HO. Contractor must be able to work in small teams and be comfortable with knowledge sharing Contractor would be responsible for accomplishing 3 primary objectives
