Waste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects.

The Enterprise Analytics & Data Management team is part of the Waste Management’s Digital organization. Our mission is to accelerate business growth and drive operational efficiencies by extracting insights from data, predicting business outcomes and embedding intelligence into business processes. As a member of EADM you will deliver insights and solutions across the organization in areas such as fleet management, logistics, revenue management, customer experience, people analytics, business operations and more.

We are currently seeking a Data Scientist- Fleet

Job Summary

The Data Scientist - Fleet will support our business and digital teams with insights gained from analyzing financial, operational, and fleet maintenance data. The ideal candidate is adept at developing models using large data sets to improve fleet uptime and reliability. S/he must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. S/he must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. S/he must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

This role will drive predictive and prescriptive analytics to guide and support strategic decisions, leverage machine learning techniques to identify new opportunities to drive the business growth through rapid development and deployment of scientific solutions.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.

Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Support the business teams by providing analysis of asset allocation, retirement and replacement strategies

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Using fleet data (telematics, diagnostics, historical maintenance and repairs) to improve asset uptime and reliability.

Develop and deploy both traditional statistical models and machine learning techniques and algorithms: GLM/Regression, clustering, neural networks, Anomaly Detection, Random Forest etc.

Partner with in-house data strategy experts to design analytically ready datasets by stitching data across multiple platforms and incorporating business rules

Periodically validate model performance and update models based on changing business strategies/objectives.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Qualifications

The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job. A strong candidate may not meet all requirements.

A. Education and Experience

A Master’s or PHD in Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field.

4+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building analytics models.

Experience working with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Pyro, CNTK, PyTorch

Familiarity with the following software/tools:

Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: R, Python, VBA, C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.

Experience manipulating data, querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.

Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, etc.

Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.

Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers.

Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Matplotlib, D3, ggplot, etc.

B. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements

Certified Analytics Professional (CAP) or other Data Science certifications a plus

C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required

Strong written and oral communication skills with ability to work with users, peers and management.

Strong interpersonal skills

Ability to work independently and as part of a team to successfully execute projects.

Highly motivated, self-starter with problem solving skills.

Ability to multitask and meet aggressive deadlines efficiently and effectively.

Detail-oriented but does not lose sight of the big picture.

Demonstrate ability to learn and understand business processes quickly.

Work Environment

Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.

Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day;

Required to exert physical effort in handling objects less than 30 pounds occasionally;

Required to be exposed to physical occupational risks (such as cuts, burns, exposure to toxic chemicals, etc.) rare;

Required to be exposed to physical environment which involves dirt, odors, noise, weather extremes or similar elements rare;

Travel – up to 5%

Normal setting for this job is: office setting.

Benefits

At Waste Management, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short-Term Disability. As well as a Stock Purchase Plan, Company match on 401K, and more! Our employees also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days. Please note that benefits may vary by site.

I understand that applying to this job indicates that I have the legal right to work in the United States. I agree to perform physical duties of this position as outlined in the job with or without reasonable accommodations. I understand that if offered the position, I will be required to pass a drug screen.
