Allergan Data Labs is on a mission to transform the medical aesthetics business at Allergan, one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Allergan aesthetic brands include Botox, CoolSculpting, Juvéderm and many more. The medical aesthetics business is ripe for disruption and we’re building a high performing product engineering team to do just that.

Our leadership has a fresh and innovative vision for how the company should approach digital marketing and product. We are utilizing machine learning in an effort to intelligently engage our customers in a more personalized and effective way. We’re looking for a strong, technically sound Sr. Data Scientist who is interested in working within a startup-oriented environment while having the backing of a large company. If that’s you, please read on.
‍
‍

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will:

Demonstrate and communicate a passion for building the data models and capabilities that drive business growth and members’ engagement

Build innovative data science products that integrated with near/real-time services and personalization with location and customer intention services

Create the state-of-the-art fraud detection models to prevent the fraud in our promotions as well as marketing campaigns

Execute descriptive analyses, ranging from identifying product opportunities to understanding user behavior

Construct and develop predictive models that are reliable, scalable, and modular

Cultivate strong collaborative relationships with engineering, strategy, and other senior stakeholders

Share your technical solutions and product ideas with the team through agile practice

Required Experience & Technical Skills:

Demonstrated understanding and experience in applying traditional statistical, machine learning, deep learning, NLP, and/or graph techniques to address business problems

Experience in Python/R, SQL and Shell

MS degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or related area

Delivering data science components that are part of successful commercial products

Collaborating with engineering teams to develop prototypes and software products that can be deployed across varied environments (e.g., cloud, on-premises, devices, etc.)

Able to apply engineering discipline to data science outputs

Strong knowledge of Linux-based OS and cloud platforms (AWS, Azure)

At least 3-5 years of relevant work experience, including expertise in recommendation systems, fraud prevention and personalization

Additional Desired Competencies:

PhD in the scientific majors

Experience with distributed systems such as Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark, streaming data processing, cloud architecture

Ability to work with dashboard and visualization software such as Tableau, D3, Mixpanel, Flurry or Google Analytics

Strong ability to handle large volumes of data independently

Have multiple public paper in the ML/AI areas

Previous domain knowledge in the digital marketing

‍

‍

Core Values:

Be Humble: You’re smart yet always interested in learning from others.

Work Transparently: You always deal in an honest, direct and transparent way.

Take Ownership: You embrace responsibility and find joy in having the answers.

Learn More: Through blog posts, newsletters, podcasts, video tutorials and meetups you regularly self educate and improve your skill set.

Show Gratitude: You show appreciation and return kindness to those you work with.‍

‍

‍

Perks:

Competitive salary

Comprehensive medical, dental, vision and life insurance

401k with up to 8% company match

Vacation / PTO

Entire week off for the holidays

Brand new MacBook Pro and accompanying equipment to do great work

Attend a tech conference of your choice each year

On-campus restaurant

On-campus gym, tennis court, basketball court and softball field

Discounts on Allergan products

‍

The Allergan Data Labs team is led and comprised of technology and marketing experts with experience ranging from successful tech startups to large medical corporations. Please don’t be shy, we’d love to have you come by for a chat in our Irvine, CA offices if this opportunity piques your interest.

Allergan: Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) is a bold, global pharmaceutical company and a leader in a new industry model - Growth Pharma. Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world.

Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology and anti-infective therapeutic categories. With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day.

Allergan is a company that will inspire you to aim high with your ambition. Where you can build bridges all over the world. Where you can power ideas that drive change. And where you will act fast and drive results for customers and patients. Power your future & join our bold team.

Allergan Data Labs Website: http://www.allergandatalabs.com/
