Logistics done differently. Innovation is in our DNA. At XPO Logistics, we're out to transform transportation logistics through technology, and our multimillion-dollar commitment to IT underscores its importance to our vision. As the Senior Data Scientist, you will manage and lead the Data Science, Engineering and Analytics teams in their daily operations. You'll find yourself immersed in a forward-thinking environment fueled by achievement and a tenacious team spirit. We'll give you the support you need to excel at work, and the resources to build a career that will exceed your expectations. Pay, benefits and more. We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and the opportunity to participate in a company incentive plan. What you'll do on a typical day: Collaborate with leadership to understand needs and align those with potential data and analytics projects Gather and integrate data from various sources for use in advanced analytics efforts Identify, analyze and interpret trends, patterns and relationships in complex data sets using advanced analytics tools and models Prepare findings in a professional manner, presenting insightful results and providing actionable recommendations to leadership Promote a data-driven culture through ongoing partnership and dialog with the business stakeholders What you need to succeed at XPO: At a minimum, you'll need: Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Physics or another analytics-related field 3 years of experience in quantitative analytics Proficiency with Microsoft Office Proficiency with Power BI, Tableau and Oracle BI, as well as Python, R, CPLEX, SQL and VBA Demonstrated experience with database design, data models and integration/extraction technologies Strong knowledge of statistics; experience using statistical modeling (logistic regression, SVMs, etc.) to solve business problems Knowledge of statistical modeling techniques, including linear/logistic regression (advanced predictor selection techniques), classification (decision trees, random forests), Support Vector Machines (SVMs), neural networks, etc. It'd be great if you also have: Master's degree in Data Science or a related field 5 years of experience in quantitative analytics Experience with text analytics (semantic analysis) Excellent analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate information with attention to detail and accuracy
