Our world needs ideas! As one of the world’s most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors – from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber – for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 14,600 employees from 70 nations.

At our North America headquarters in Adrian/Ann Arbor, MI, we are currently looking for a Lead Data Scientist/Data Scientist III.

The Data Scientist will take active part in our Digital Transformation journey and support Sales, Marketing, Production, Logistics and Supply Chain business teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. They will drive advanced analytics initiatives to solve some of the most interesting business problems across the enterprise. This individual will be expected to be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for operational excellence, cost reduction, revenue generation and process optimization using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies

The Data Scientist will support our product, sales, marketing, supply chain and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. They will also be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for products and process optimization and using Machine Learning models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action.

Your Tasks Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business processess.

Lead project groups of data scientists and provide mentorship to inspire innovative thinking in the advanced analytics space.

Design statistical and machine learning models for getting desired insights out of the data that is being collected.

Explore opportunities using advanced tools and technologies such as Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Deep Learning, NLP, IoT and Automation

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, supply chain management and other business outcomes.

Assess and improve the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Democratize data and insights to deliver self-service tools to business teams and enable them to make better decisions quicker

Your Profile Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field; Master's Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred

Minimum of 5 years of industry experience applying machine learning, statistical modeling, or optimization algorithms to large data sets required..

Experience with advanced statistical methods, text mining, predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, deep learning and data visualization.required.

Experience in data mining for insights from business processes such as Order to Cash, Purchase to Pay, Logistics and Supply Chain Management.

Experience with Python scripting language in analyzing structured and unstructured data

Experience in working with ERP, Data Architecture, Enterprise Applications and Global Data Landscape

Experience in Big Data landscape (hadoop, spark), manufacturing industry and new technology trends preferred

Must have excellent communication, collaboration and Teamwork skills. High level of presentations skills to Executive Management

LI-LG1

Sustainability is one of WACKER’s corporate goals – also as an employer.We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. Thatis why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.
