We are currently looking for a mid-level data scientist for a contract to hire position in Charlotte, NC. This team is working with the newest technologies and is a great opportunity to grow. If you are interested, please send your resume to bcross@apexsystems.com they are looking to move quickly. Responsible for enabling analysis, modeling, and optimization through producing information products. Actively involved in the research and development efforts. Primary requirement is not related to traditional programming or systems analysis skills but to the ability to create sophisticated, value-added analytic systems that support revenue generation, risk management, operational efficiency, regulatory compliance, portfolio management, and research. These systems must overcome issues of complex data (e.g., VLDB, multi-structured, “big data”, etc.) as well as deployment of advanced techniques (e.g., machine learning, text mining, statistical analysis, etc.) to deliver insights. Responsible for adoption of enterprise information products through clearly communicating how enterprise information products answer material banking questions leading to decisions and actions. This role possesses an advanced degree in hard science. Able to lead or work independently on complex projects and influence strategic direction. Keywords: • Data Architecture • Data science • Network science • Python • R • Neural Networks • Natural Language Processing Responsibilities: • Use data assets to gain insights into current processes and models • Drive processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis • Research and identify the data gaps, develop and implement remediation plan and assess the model outcome impact • Extend company’s data with third party sources of information when needed • Feature engineering • Ability to collaborate within and between cross-functional teams; excellent communication skills • Highly organized and experienced in leading/managing complex projects, initiatives and development • Ability to manage multiple and competing priorities Experience / Qualifications: • 3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist or related roles • Strong knowledge and high proficiency in Python, R, etc. • Strong STEM background - hands on experience in Machine Learning, NLP, Deep Learning (Tensorflow), Statistical Modeling, Quantitative Analysis, Forecasting, Data Visualization EEO Employer Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
