SageGlass® is the pioneer of the world’s smartest electrochromic glass and is transforming the indoor experience for people by connecting the built and natural environments. Electronically tintable SageGlass controls sunlight to optimize daylight, outdoor views and comfort while preventing glare, fading and overheating without the need for blinds or shades. SageGlass dramatically reduces energy demand and the need for HVAC by blocking up to 91 percent of solar heat. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Saint-Gobain, SageGlass is backed by more than 350 years of building science expertise that only the world leader in sustainable environments can provide.

SAGE is all about its people, its products and its company culture. The vision of the company is to deliver a durable, reliable and high-performance energy-saving electrochromic product for buildings and to provide a healthier indoor environment for their occupants. Its award winning electronically tintable glass solution is second-to-none and recognized by Green Building, Inc. as one of the top ten green building products available on the market place.

SageGlass R&D group works with customers, Saint-Gobain R&D team, and manufacturing colleagues to develop next generation products and process for SAGE electrochromic glass. As a (temp) Data Scientist, you will join our new data analytics team and drive the change through the creation of innovative data analytics algorithm/software and data-driven services. You will lead efforts to work with SageGlass customers, R&D and the engineering team to identify opportunities for data analytics.

Responsibilities Include:

Build scalable cloud-based infrastructure and data driven and predictive analytics applications that provide actionable insights for SageGlass products

Develop cloud-based machine learning / deep learning algorithm for advanced data analytics

Build infrastructure required for optimal Extraction, Transformation, and Loading (ETL) of data from a wide variety of data sources

Identify, design, and implement data processing improvement: automating manual processes and optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater efficiency and scalability

Data visualization: build user interfaces per design specifications

Documentation and Reporting

Minimum Qualifications:

M.S. with 2+ years of experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Engineering, Data Science, Informatics, or Engineering related fields OR Ph.D. with 0+ years of experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Engineering, Data Science, Informatics, or Engineering related fields

Competencies Required:

Good communication skills in English, both written and oral

Passionate, self-driven team player with a "can-do" attitude

Work in an agile environment accountable to deliver results

Interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively in a cross functional team

Tools and Techniques:

Strong experience with machine learning / deep learning for advanced data analytics

Strong experience with Python and SQL use for developing custom ETL solutions

Experience with cloud-based platform: AWS, Azure, etc.

Experience with advanced signal/image processing and optimization algorithm development

Experience with revision control systems (Git, etc.)

Familiar with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.

Saint-Gobain provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Saint-Gobain is an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and supports the hiring of veterans.
