What's special about this team: The Data & Analytics business group provides the organization with high quality, innovative data solutions in a focused, fast and fun atmosphere. As this team continues to develop our big data and machine learning capabilities, it is seeking a Data Scientist to support some of the top initiatives for Amway, primarily through predictive analytics and machine learning predictive models. This newly created role will report to the Manager of Enterprise Analytics, Data and Technology. How you would contribute to the role: As a Data Scientist on the team, you will work on high profile projects that will drive key strategic decisions in an objective and agile manner. You will help the team continue to advance the work being done with machine learning predictive models and will be responsible for drawing insights from large, multi-sourced data sets. As part of our Data Scientist community, you will have both the opportunity to learn from others in the community and share best practices / methodologies of your own. Supporting different business customers, your focus will be both on our top initiatives, as well as quick turnaround ad hoc projects. There is potential for international travel in this role, possibly 10-15%. If you are excited by the prospect of optimizing our company's analytics processes to support our next generation of advanced analytics capabilities, which in-turn translates to implementing strategic enhancements to maintain our competitive edge in the industry, this may be the opportunity for you. What skills and background will be important to be successful: Minimum 6 years of experience in Data Science (or 3 years with a Master's Degree). Self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. Experience with Python, R, and/or SQL Experience with predictive trend analysis Experience with machine learning predictive models Ability to integrate data from disparate sources for querying and mining relevant information Ability to present complex technical data, and influence key stakeholders Desire to seek and share new developments, technologies, tools and advancements in data science BS/BA in Data Science, Computer Science, or a related field
