DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Serve as the client interface with responsibility across the entire life cycle, including requirements gathering and analysis, process, and systems definition, data analysis, presentation of analysis to clients in a format they can digest, and the development of algorithm-driven products and solutions. Designs, develops, and integrates software applications on embedded and enterprise Linux for data acquisition, processing, and visualization. Testing in both software-only and hardware/software environment including execution of integration tests to validate: Hardware to software interfaces Software to software interfaces Functionality Analyzing the hardware, software, and system requirements and implementation Developing and testing code utilizing industry standard Big Data tools and frameworks Establishing development and test tools Identifying and resolving anomalies during test on various software-level and system-level platforms Identifying and implementing required software modifications Responsible for unit testing, integration testing, software maintenance, and documentation and meeting software quality and compliance standards. Setup and configuration of HPC/HPDA systems to support data analytics. Ability to organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; determine the appropriate approach at the task level and to provide solutions for a wide range of highly complex technical problems. Preforms other duties as assigned or required. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Job Qualifications Typically requires a bachelors degree, masters degree or PhD in computer science, information systems or related discipline and progressive software development experience as follows; six or more years of experience with a bachelors degree, four or more years of experience with a masters degree, or two or more years with a PhD. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education. Experience with object-oriented programming, including Java, Python, C, or JavaScript. Experience with source control and dependency management software. Experience with Linux administration. Experience with Big Data, Cloud computing technologies, NoSQL systems. Experience with building complex data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) pipelines into structured databases, data warehouses, or data processing systems. Experience in developing solutions with and integrating and extending free and Opensource software (FOSS) or COTS products. Other tools/skills desired: HPC, GPU, Hadoop, databases (SQL, NoSQL). The applicant must be willing and able to travel. Able to work extended hours as required. US citizenship is required.
