Position Accellion is seeking a Senior Data Scientist with a proven analytical and machine learning expertise to join our information security analytics team. As a successful candidate you will work closely with our product management and engineering teams, researching and analyzing real time log data from our customers and developing Accellion's data security monitoring tools. You will be responsible for the continued development and improvement of machine learning solutions tackling sensitive information security problems, helping us develop a high-fidelity predictive analytics engine, enabling our customers to effectively monitor their information security environments and respond to security violations in real time. Key Responsibilities Building a solid model to collect, curate, cleanse, and consolidate data in the most efficient way. Exploring, researching, describing, and analyzing collected data. Building a robust model to analyze data prior to model design and launch. Designing, developing and evaluating predictive and decision machine learning models. Performing real time stream analysis to identify user behavioral anomalies to alert and mitigate potential security issues. Performing advanced data analysis of network traffic and patterns of user activity. Producing state of the art research into data classification, discovery, anomaly detection and behavioral pattern identification from large data sets. Applying machine learning technics to identify and classify anomalies. Analyzing model results and working closely with domain experts, engineers and product managers to develop and implement improvements. Fine tuning the model based on customer's input and data analysis. Helping to build a dashboard and interactive visualizations to productize the output of the model. Presenting your findings to stakeholders and implementing solutions from concept to delivery. Ensuring continued iteration and improvement of machine learning solutions. Requirements B.S. in IT, computer science, mathematics, physics or a related field + 7 years of experience in data science or data analytics; or M.S. degree in data science or related field + 5 years of related experience; or PhD in Data science +3 years of related experience. Fluency in one or more of the following: R, Matlab, Scala, Python data science stack (numpy, pandas, matplotlib, sklearn, Jupyter, etc.). Experience normalizing and parsing large data sets. Proficiency with static and dynamic modelling. Excellent understanding of machine learning algorithms, processes, tools and platforms including: Supervised, unsupervised, and semi-supervised learning. Experience developing advanced analytic queries using Spark, MapR, Splunk or Elk is a plus. Ability to design and build complex ML algorithms. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Strong problem-solving skills, ability to analyze complex problems and use a systematic approach in finding solutions. Ability to write technical documentation clearly and concisely. Ability to effectively collaborate with engineering and product management as it relates to new product releases.
