The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by applying social science theory to solve complex analytical problems? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a social scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the lives of Service members across the DoD. You’ll work closely with your client to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, design survey questions, apply social science theory and research, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help military leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your client with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Tableau, SQL, and Python

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

5+ years of experience with data analysis

Experience with designing surveys for social or health research

Experience with statistical scripting in SAS, excel proficiency for data cleaning, transformation, analysis, and visualization

Ability to work independently on client delivery tasks and carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices

Ability to develop briefing slides and info papers to concisely display data and tie data to conclusions grounded in theory and contemporary research

Ability to obtain a security clearance

MA or MS degree in Social Science, Public Health or Epidemiology, Statistics, Mathematics, or Data Science

Nice If You Have:

Experience working with “messy” data, including data that have missing values or administrative data

Experience with data visualization in tableau, python, or a commiserate software

Ability to build trust with clients and strong working relationships with onsite staff

Ability to demonstrate competency in the areas of basic consulting, assignment performance, and teamwork

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
