Operations Analytics (OA) team within Ford's Global Data, Insights, and Analytics (GDI&A) organization is looking for a highly skilledquantitative analyst / data scientist to assist in model development, evaluation, and deployment. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automobile industry.

Technical Excellence is a cross-functional research team within the OA group at Ford GDI&A that focuses on applying advanced quantitative methods tosolve a wide variety of challenging business problems. We focus on Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Optimization, Diagnostics/Prognostics, and IoT technologies to improve efficiency of Ford's business and reduce cost.

\n\n\n\n

 Responsibilities 
 
Research and apply the latest quantitative techniques toward the solution of important business problems 
Review academic / industry literature, develop and test models, and gain insights from research findings 
Play a key role in developing analytical solutions with the business engagement teams and business partners  
Identify new and novel data sources and explore their potential use in developing actionable business insights 
Translate ideas and theory into solutions the business can use to grow 
Help maintain and enhance existing models 
Provide training courses / workshops on modeling skills, such as machine learning, optimization, statistics, simulation, etc. 
Enforce quality assurance of analytic solutions through technical governance process  
Have the intellectual curiosity to identify new modeling technologies/methodologies/software packages to improve the current modeling processes  
 Basic Qualifications 
 
Master's degree in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, etc. 
1+ years' of experience doing quantitative research using techniques from one or more of the following areas: 1) machine / deep learning, 2) statistics / statistical modeling, 3) optimization / mathematical programming 
1+ years' of experience in data manipulation using software tools such as SQL or Alteryx 
1+ years' of experience in at least two of the following languages: R, Python, MATLAB, Java, Scala, Julia, C/C++/C#  
 Preferred Qualifications  
Ph.D. degree in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, etc. 
3+ years' of experience doing quantitative research using techniques from one or more of the following areas: 1) machine / deep learning, 2) statistics / statistical modeling, 3) optimization / mathematical programming 
3+ years' of experience in data manipulation using software tools such as SQL or Alteryx 
3+ years' of experience in at least two of the following languages: R, Python, MATLAB, Java, Scala, Julia, C/C++/C# 
Experience in automotive and operations analytics   
Join our team as we create tomorrow! We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because we're Built Ford Tough. We're one team striving to make people's lives better while creating value, delivering excellence and ultimately going for thewin.

Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.

 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dearborn, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3063
