Requisition Number: 20402 Location: Boulder, Colorado Employment Type: University Staff Schedule: Full-Time Posting Close Date: 03-Sep-2019 Job Summary The Data Scientist at the Intermountain Neuroimaging Consortium (INC) provides support for neuroimaging data storage, processing, and analysis. This individual works to improve the quality, longevity, and utility of neuroimaging data collected at the INC by: driving the development of INC data storage and analysis guidelines; educating and assisting INC research teams with their data storage and analysis needs; and actively developing the relationships, skills, knowledge, and abilities to maintain knowledge of best practices in neuroimaging data storage and data management. The Data Scientist works respectfully and collaboratively with a broad range of internal and external clients and partners, to actively contribute to the INC's long-term success and strengthen its reputation as a world-class MRI research facility. The INC Data Scientist is creative, detail-oriented, highly organized, technically skilled, and has exceptional people and problem-solving skills. Who We Are The mission of the Institute of Cognitive Science (ICS) at CU-Boulder is to understand and enhance human cognition, learning, and development through the creation of interdisciplinary partnerships. ICS fosters rich scientific interchange across researchers from a broad range of disciplines including Artificial Intelligence, Linguistics, Psychology, Neuroscience, Computer Science, Philosophy, and Education. The Intermountain Neuroimaging Consortium (INC) is a state-of-the-art magnetic resonance imaging research facility located at the University of Colorado Boulder. The INC brings together internationally recognized neuroscientists from across the Rocky Mountain region who study complex psychological processes such as addiction, pain, emotion, attention, sleep, and learning and memory, as well as physicists and engineers who study and develop innovative MRI methods and analysis techniques. We believe a highly collaborative community benefits both scientists and the public. To that end, we promote collaboration and knowledge sharing among area scientists and the broader Front Range and Colorado communities. What Your Key Responsibilities Will Be Research Computing Serve as the liaison between CU Boulder's Research Computing unit and the Intermountain Neuroimaging Consortium. Act as an advocate for INC clients across all domains of CU Boulder's Research Computing resources. Develop and maintain an awareness of how INC clients are using and plan to use Research Computing resources. Understand and communicate impacts of Research Computing policy and procedural changes on INC clients. Assist new INC clients with education and onboarding relating to accessing and using Research Computing resources. Develop and maintain documentation on Research Computing use, pipelines, pathways, and best practices. Address conflicts in a way that strengthens relationships and builds trust. Data Architecture Facilitate data sharing and comparison within INC and across institutions. Advise INC administration and users regarding implementation of a common data format and file storage and organization. Develop, maintain, and improve a repository of documentation related to current data storage standards, protocols, frameworks, and techniques. Identify opportunities for improvements and anticipate future data storage needs through frequent communication with research teams and the Executive Committee, and Research Computing. Actively develop skills, knowledge, and abilities to maintain knowledge of best practices in neuroimaging data storage and data management. Data Processing and Analysis Standardize and document lab-specific processing and analysis code to enable sharing and general use by all INC users. Assist research teams with integration of new processing and analysis techniques into data processing and analysis pipelines. Lead basic and advanced data analyses in collaboration with research teams. Identify opportunities for improvements and anticipate future data analysis needs through frequent communication with research teams and the Executive Committee, and Research Computing Actively develop skills, knowledge, and abilities to maintain knowledge of best practices in neuroimaging data processing and analysis. Consultation & Training Serve in an advisory capacity, consulting with INC users on data formatting, storage, processing, and analytic questions. Anticipate INC client processing and analysis needs, and ensure INC clients are informed of new tools and methods for neuroimaging data processing and analysis. Lead seminars and tutorials on new analytical methods in neuroimaging. Answer data storage, processing, and analysis questions from research teams, referring to outside experts as necessary. Ensure INC clients have the necessary knowledge and resources to meet their scientific objectives. What We Can Offer Competitive salary, commensurate with experience. Benefits The University of Colorado offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid time off, tuition benefit and ECO Pass. The University of Colorado Boulder is one of the largest employers in Boulder County and offers an inspiring higher education environment. Learn more about the University of Colorado Boulder. Be Statements Be Collaborative. Be Innovative. Be Boulder. What We Require M.A./M.S. with experience processing and analyzing human neuroimaging data. Proficient in programming languages relevant to neuroimaging (e.g., python, R, Matlab, HTML, etc.). Fluency with preprocessing methods for functional and neuroanatomical data (e.g., distortion correction). Understanding of fundamental and advanced statistical techniques relevant to neuroimaging (e.g., machine learning applications). Familiarity with/ability to provide support in one or more neuroimaging software packages (e.g., FSL, SPM, AFNI, FreeSurfer, and MATLAB). Familiarity with/ability to provide support in big data applications (e.g., cloud computing such as Amazon Web Services). Experience with neuroimaging data management and archiving (e.g., SLURM, BIDS, GitHub, OpenNeuro, and container computing). Proven ability to work with individuals across a wide range of statistical and neuroimaging experience (e.g., individuals new to neuroimaging as well as those with substantial expertise). What You Will Need Time management. Detail orientation. Organization. Project management. Problem-solving/decision making. Communication and interpersonal skills. Collaboration/teamwork. Creative thinking. Curiosity. Inclusiveness. Customer service. Accountability. Strong communication, customer service, and teamwork skills. What We Would Like You To Have Ph.D. in a relevant field. Familiarity with/ability to provide support in computational modeling with neuroimaging data, and models linking neuroimaging data to other data formats (e.g., mobile app, sensor data). Familiarity with Python packages such as scikitlearn and nilearn. Familiarity with Siemens scanner, DICOM formats. Experience with Linux command line, bash scripts. Familiarity with public data sets and software pipelines such as HCP. Special Instructions To apply, please submit the following materials: A current resume. A cover letter that specifically addresses how your background and experience align with the requirements, qualifications and responsibilities of the position. You will not be asked to upload references at this time. Please apply by September 3, 2019 for consideration. Note: Application materials will not be accepted via email. For consideration, applications must be submitted through CU Boulder Jobs.
