Announcement Details

Exam Title Environmental Scientist Supervisor
Exam Number 3H14-20200713-28-00
Salary $69,409 to $89,241 per year.
Competition Department Only Promotional
Department 28 - Water Department
Announcement Date 07/13/2020
Close Date 07/24/2020
General Definition

This is supervisory environmental science work directing a staff of lower level scientists, engineers and technical personnel in analyzing data and solving environmental problems. Employees perform work in the Planning and Water Resources or Bureau of Laboratory Services assignments in the Water Department. Work includes development and revision of procedures and methodology, review of data, planning, directing and conducting researching projects, and preparing technical reports. Employees are responsible for the evaluation of staff and program results. Contact with the public, civic and industrial groups, regulatory agencies, researchers and officials is a significant aspect of the work. Work is performed under the direction of a higher-level scientist or engineer.
Union Code H. AFSCME D.C.47 Local 2186
FLSA Code Exempt

Minimum Training, Education & Experience

The following statement represents the minimum training and experience standards which will be used to admit or reject applicants for tests. Candidates must meet requirements within 30 days after the last date for filing applications.

1. CIVIL SERVICE STATUS IN WATER DEPT:
Presently employed by the City of Philadelphia with permanent Civil Service status in the Water Department with a performance rating of Satisfactory or higher.

AND

2. EDUCATION:
Completion of a bachelor’s degree program at an accredited college or university in a qualifying scientific field. *

AND

3. GENERAL EXPERIENCE:
Two years of experience performing environmental science work.

AND

4. SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE:
Two years of the above experience at the full performance level in environmental science work analyzing data and solving environmental problems in the area of Aquatic Sciences, Biological Sciences, Earth Sciences, Environmental Policy and Environmental Resources Management, or Plant Sciences.

NOTE: In accordance with PA Department of Environmental Protection Chapter 252.302 requirements, specific positions in the Bureau of Laboratory Services must have completed the required specific experience in a laboratory performing analyses in the fields of accreditation and must have completed 16 credit hours in biology, of which 4 credits must be in microbiology depending on the area of assignment.

NOTE: Completion of a master’s degree program at an accredited college or university in a qualifying scientific field may be substituted for the general experience.

City of Philadelphia class that typically meets the specific experience requirement:
Environmental Scientist 2 (3H13)

Qualifying scientific fields include:
• Aquatic Sciences: Aquatic Biology, Aquatic Ecology, Aquatic Toxicology, Limnology, Marine Biology, Marine Ecology, Oceanography, Wetland Sciences, Wildlife and Fisheries Management

• Biological Sciences: Bacteriology, Biology, Biological Sciences, Ecology, Environmental Science, Microbiology, Molecular Biology

• Earth Sciences: Atmospheric Sciences and Meteorology, Geosciences, Geology, Geochemistry, Hydrology

• Environmental Policy and Environmental Resource Management: Environmental Management, Environmental Policy, Environmental Science, Environmental Studies, Natural Resource Management, Sustainable/Renewable Energy Management, Watershed Management, Wildlife Science, Forest Science

• Plant Sciences: Botany, Forestry, Plant Biology, Plant Taxonomy, Soil Sciences

NOTE: Selective Factor Certification may be utilized, as needed, to fill specific positions in accordance with Civil Service Regulation 11.032 – the appointing authority may request certification of eligible candidates with the specified education, training and/or experience to fill specific positions in this class. Certification to fill such position will be made from the two highest ranking eligible candidates on the eligible list who possess the specified qualification.

Physical & Medical Requirements

Ability to physically perform the duties and to work in the environmental conditions required of a position in this class.
Required Licenses & Certifications

Possession of a valid proper class motor vehicle operator’s license as issued by the Common¬wealth of Pennsylvania prior to appointment and during tenure of employment as an Environmental Scientist Supervisor, if required by the work assignment.
Other Requirements
Equivalency Statement(s)

Any equivalent combination of education and experience determined to be acceptable by the Office of Human Resources which has included completion of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university and the specific experience.

Application Procedures

The City of Philadelphia is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. If you believe you were discriminated against, call the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations at 215-686-4670 or send an email to faqpchr@phila.gov. For more information, go to: www.phila.gov/humanrelations

The City of Philadelphia is committed to ensuring access to Civil Service examinations by providing appropriate accommodations for candidates with documented medical or religious reasons. Candidates may request an accommodation for a Civil Service examination by contacting the Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Unit of the Mayor’s Office of Labor Relations at 215-683-5085. The accommodation process is interactive and requires cooperation and communication between the applicant requesting a test accommodation and the EEO Unit. Decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis using the required documentation that is submitted. Requests are to be made in a timely manner prior to the scheduled date of the Civil Service examination.

Only an on-line application will be accepted for this exam. Paper applications will not be accepted.

Computers are available in the 3-1-1 Walk-In Center located in Room 167 of City Hall (Weekdays from 9 AM to 5 PM) and at your local Philadelphia Free Library branch.

For inquiries regarding City employment, contact the Office of Human Resources Monday through Friday between 8 AM and 4 PM by telephone at 215-686-0880 or by email at hrhelpdesk@phila.gov

ALL Applications must be received by the end of business on July 24, 2020.

Your application will be rejected and you will be disqualified from competing in this examination if you:
1) Do not provide your complete and accurate social security number.
2) Attempt to practice fraud or deception in the preparation of this application

All correspondence and notifications will be sent to your e-mail address or postal address listed in the contact information (address, phone #, e-mail) of your account profile. Your contact information will be automatically updated each time you submit an application for employment. It is your responsibility to change your contact information and to ensure that it is correct

If you provide an e-mail address, all correspondence regarding this examination will be sent to you by e-mail. You should add Phila.OHR@phila.gov to your address book or list of trusted contacts to prevent notices from being marked as spam by your e-mail provider.

Please call the Office of Human Resources at 215-686-0880 or email hrhelpdesk@phila.gov if you have any questions.

Information concerning employment with the City of Philadelphia may be found at:

www.phila.gov/personnel
http://www.phila.gov/personnel/ExamsFAQ.html
Facebook @CityofPhiladelphiaJOBS
Twitter @PHLCityJobs
Notes to Applicants

ELIGIBLE LIST

DEPARTMENTAL-ONLY PROMOTIONAL: Only a departmental promotional eligible list for the Water Department will be established as a result of the examination.

Candidates who pass the exam and are placed on the civil service list will be retained on the list for a minimum of one year and a maximum of two years after the establishment of the Eligible List.

PREFERENCE FOR PHILADELPHIA RESIDENTS: Candidates who have maintained a bona fide residence in Philadelphia for at least one year prior to the date of the civil service examination shall have priority over all other persons receiving an identical test score.

To receive such preference, candidates must respond to the question regarding residence later in this form.

The response on this application will be used to determine eligibility for preference for residents.

If an applicant does not respond to the appropriate residence question, it will be assumed that the applicant does not qualify for residence preference. Eligibility for residence preference must be determined by the date of the test administration. No requests for residence preference will be granted after the test administration.
Projected Exam Date

This examination will be scheduled for the week of September 7, 2020. Please note that this examination date is subject to change.

Virtual Testing May Be Utilized For This Examination

Candidates taking an oral examination may have their responses rated in person by a panel of Subject Matter Experts on the date of the examination, or have their responses recorded on the date of the examination and rated by Subject Matter Experts at a later date. Please refer all questions regarding this examination to the analyst listed below on the announcement.

An Eligible List will be established the week of September 14, 2020. Please note that this date may change.
Test Review

In accordance with Civil Service Regulation 9.091B, candidates will have 30 days after the results have been mailed to review their test and to file appeals. In accordance with Civil Service Regulation 9.11, only candidates who have failed the oral examination may appeal to the Civil Service Commission upon the grounds of irregularity, bias, or fraud in the conduct of the oral test. Issues related to the suitability or adequacy of point scores awarded to passers are not appealable to the Commission. Call 215-686-0880 if you wish to schedule a Test Review.
Assigned to (view only)
Assigned to Nathan Vader

Parts & Weights

Part Oral Examination
Weight 90%

Part Seniority
Weight 10%

Applicant Documents

Required Documents Optional Documents
Resume
Transcripts 1
Transcripts 2

Posting Specific Questions

Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).
*
Please respond to the following question concerning your status as a civil service employee of the City of Philadelphia. If you do not select one of the responses, your application will be disqualified.

As of 30 days after the last date for submitting applications for this examination, in which of the following departments of the City of Philadelphia do you, or will you have permanent civil service status? Select only one.
Board of Ethics
Board of Revision of Taxes
Board of Pensions and Retirement
City Commissioner’s Office
City Controller’s Office
City Representative’s Office
City Treasurer’s Office
Civil Service Commission
Commerce Department (Including Airport)
Department of Behavioral Health and Intellectual Disability Services
Department of Human Services
Department of Planning and Development
District Attorney’s Office
Finance Department
Fire Department
Fleet Management
Free Library
Health Department
Historical Commission
Human Relations Commission
Inspector General’s Office
Law Department
Licenses and Inspections, Department of (Including related boards)
Managing Director’s Office (including 3-1-1)
Mayor’s Office
Office of Property Assessment
Office of Homeless Services
Office of Human Resources
Office of Innovative Technology
Parks and Recreation, Department of
Police Department
Prisons
Procurement Department
Public Property, Department of
Records Department
Revenue Department
Sheriff’s Office
Streets Department
Water Department
None of the Above
*
The location that you are applying from is:
Free Library
Recreation Center
Home/Work/School/Mobile device
311 Walk-In Center (City Hall)
Other
