Applications Accepted From Planning Unit, University Wide, Public: Open to the public Special Instructions to Applicants Please complete the online application and attach required documents. Required documents include a detailed cover letter, current resume, and a list of at least three (3) professional references with current contact details, including email addresses. The position will remain open until filled. For full consideration, please apply by September 8, 2019. Review of applications will begin immediately. This position is eligible for the following benefits: Level 1 - Medical/Rx, Vision, Dental, Ortho; Winter Break Closure; Holidays Paid; Basic/Supp/Dep Life; Educ. Benefits; Sick Leave; Vacation; Retirement Posting Number: 20162573S Job Description Position Summary: Manage the master OIAA database, data sets, and systems; this will include evaluating, suggesting and managing upgrades to data collection, management, and reporting systems and responding to requests for data and information. Create and maintain databases, data sets and protocols to support specific projects and overall efforts of the Office of Institutional Assessment and Accreditation ( OIAA ); this includes linking databases and datasets; and extraction, management and integration of data from various data sources (e.g., institutional data sources and repositories as well as other secondary sources). Analyze and process complex data sets using best practices for advanced querying, visualization, and analytic tools to furnish insights, analytics, reports and recommendations; create/write and edit reports, and present results to high-level audiences as requested, and lead and participate in scholarly work. Lead and conduct ongoing data collection and management efforts to support various assigned projects, working effectively with various units to advance their data collection and reporting efforts. Primary Responsibilities: 1.. Manage the master OIAA database, data sets, and systems; this will include evaluating, suggesting and managing upgrades to data collection, management, and reporting systems and responding to requests for data and information. Create and maintain databases, data sets and protocols to support specific projects and overall efforts of the Office of Institutional Assessment and Accreditation ( OIAA ); this includes linking databases and datasets; and extraction, management and integration of data from various data sources (e.g., institutional data sources and repositories as well as other secondary sources). Core tasks, utilizing best practices, include to: Maintain relational databases and data systems, updating on an ongoing basis. Manage, integrate, and extract data from various data sources (unit and institutional data repositories as well as external resources); this includes linking databases and datasets. Create high-performing database designs/code to retrieve large datasets and optimize system resources. Clean and validate the data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity. Update existing databases and datasets. Triage data-related issues; troubleshoot data inconsistencies within project, administrative and scientific datasets, and workflow. Evidence proficiency using Excel (including advanced Excel skills with embedded Pivot Tables and Macros) and statistical analysis software such as SPSS , Stata, R, or JMP . Experience with MS Access would be helpful. Tune poorly performing SQL to run at optimized levels; exercising intermediate to advance practices to identify poorly performing code and identify improvement areas. Provide requested data, datasets and data summaries; this entails the ability to query and create reports from various data sources to fulfill ad hoc data requests and other data reporting needs. Transform, analyze, package, and present data. Use strong qualitative and quantitative analysis skills. Produce concise data reports and clear data visualizations, including mapping applications. Work effectively with various units to advance their data collection and reporting efforts. Provide training to/serve as a consultant/resource to other personnel and units. Evidence strong attention to detail, sound critical thinking and problem solving skills, and a commitment to accuracy, data quality and professional data reporting. 2.Conduct basic research/inquiries, including literature-based research, to identify best practices and trends relative to various OIAA projects and processes; manage and implement evaluation plans/protocols, including data collection efforts using quantitative and qualitative methods; develop and implement appropriate data analysis plans; conduct statistical analyses; revise and upgrade existing instruments and strategies as appropriate or requested; submit projects for IRB review and determination as warranted; write and/or develop and deliver accurate reports of findings to internal and external colleagues, stakeholders and constituencies, including high-level audiences; and, contribute to and participate in the scholarly work of the unit for peer reviewed publications and/or presentations. 3.Collaborate to advance the work and effectiveness of the OIAA and perform other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Master's degree in a discipline with quantitative basis (e.g., STEM field, data science, math, statistics, economics, finance, assessment, evaluation, operations research) Demonstrated knowledge of database & data management concepts Experience with relational databases and data visualization tools such as Tableau or MSFT PowerBI Strong analytical skills very strong attention to detail and accuracy Experience with structured and unstructured data Unquestionable integrity with an uncompromising commitment to quality Experience in basic research design, data analysis, and communicating research results in appropriate formats Preferred Qualifications Preferred Qualifications: Experience in medical education or other higher education setting preferred. Department COM-Dean's Office Pay Rate: Salary is commensurate with education and experience, while also considering internal equity. Employees enjoy a generous benefits package such as paid holidays, sick time, personal time, a tuition waiver up to 100% for self and dependents, a comprehensive insurance package (including but not limited to prescription, vision, dental, and life insurance), an excellent retirement plan with up to a 10% company contribution, a 12-week parental leave program, adoption reimbursement, transgender care, flextime and flexplace policies, counseling and mental health care, access to professional development programs, and more. Additional information is available at https://www.ohio.edu/hr/benefits. Job Open Date 08/16/2019 Posting Close Date This posting will close on 9/8/2019 Job Category: Administrative - Exempt-Salaried Months 12 Planning Unit: Heritage College of Osteopathic Medicine Work Schedule Typically Monday thru Friday 8-5 Campus: Athens Expected hours worked per week 40 hours per week Expected duration of assignment Indefinite Applicants may contact this person if they have questions about this position. Susan Lachman, lachmans@ohio.edu/740-593-2545 Diversity Statement Ohio University is committed to creating a respectful and inclusive educational and workplace environment. Ohio University is an equal access/equal opportunity and affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to building and maintaining a diverse workforce. Women, persons of color, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is a member of the OH/Western PA/WV Higher Education Recruitment Consortium. www.ohwpawvherc.org Job Family/Subfamily Finance and Business-Business & Data Analysis Career Track & Level IC 4 Pay Grade CA&P|18| Clery Act Crime Statistics To view the Clery Act Compliance Report Click here
