Requisition Number: PRN21171B FLSA Code: Computer Employee Patient Sensitive Job Code? No Standard Hours per Week: 40 Full Time or Part Time?: Full Time Shift: Day VP Area: U of U Health - Academics Department: 00952 - Division of Epidemiology Location: Campus City: Salt Lake City, UT Pay Rate Range: 75,900 - 130,049 Open Until Filled: Yes Job Summary Identifies trends and problems through complex big data analysis. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently. Responsibilities Designs, develops and implements the most valuable solutions for the organization. Prepares big data, implements data models and develops database and web applications to support the solutions. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance; the ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner. Basic understanding of statistical analysis. Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. Leads and directs the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department Work Environment and Level of Frequency typically required Nearly Continuously: Office environment. Physical Requirements and Level of Frequency that may be required Nearly Continuously: Sitting, hearing, listening, talking. Often: Repetitive hand motion (such as typing), walking. Seldom: Bending, reaching overhead. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Degree and 6-8 years of related experience in the field or related area is required. This position has no responsibility for providing care to patients. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description. Type: Benefited Staff Additional Information The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran's status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans' preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. To inquire about this posting, email: employment@utah.edu or call 801-581-2300. Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. To request an accommodation or for further information about University AA/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (V/ TDD ), email: oeo@umail.utah.edu. The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Eligible new hires with prior URS service, may elect to enroll in URS if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules. This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.
