Company Profile HuntSource is partnered with a global investment management firm with a longstanding track record of putting clients first, second, and third. They are dedicated to exceeding the evolving investment and capital needs of all clients and are focused on cementing long-lasting partnerships that leverage their distinctive expertise across traditional and alternative asset classes. With innovation in mind at all times, they strive to build a culture full of problem-solvers and professionals who enjoy being involved across various lines of business. Summary of the Role The Data Science, Associate Director role is for TRUE PROBLEM SOLVERS, and is a full-time position in Charlotte, NC. Members of this team work within a fast-paced, collaborative environment with a focus on modeling complex business problems, discovering key insights, and identifying opportunities for new techniques and problem resolutions. This person will need to apply statistical, algorithmic, mathematical, and technological techniques with an appreciation and understanding of data analysis, solving problems, and programming. This role really needs someone who comes from a background within the financial industry, including experience participating in each stage of a full model lifecycle, as well as mentoring junior team members. Additional Responsibilities Remain actively involved in Research & Development efforts to enable data modeling, analysis, product development, and relevant, meaningful insights encompassing the enterprise’s domains. Establish new and maintain current pipelines for data storage and mining, as well as application processes. Follow and enforce developmental standards across the team. Assist with designing various experiments, discovering and formulating various hypotheses, and aiding in the training and scoring of current and potential models. Contribute to white papers through research, documentation for models and methodology, and ad-hoc analysis and write-ups. Support internally-developed application processes and services, including (but not limited to) data exploration, collection, cleansing, analysis, and results presentation. Qualifications & Preferred Experience TOP Qualifications Needed: Python development experience preferred; also will consider R, SAS, and MATLAB A strong methodology/set of processes regarding machine learning and model creation Experience seeing a project through, start to finish, including gathering requirements, coding and developing a model, deploying that model, analyzing the results, and then creating and delivering a report to stakeholders/executives In addition to Python, experience with Spark and SQL is highly preferred Bachelor’s Degree with a focus on data science, statistics, mathematics, and/or computer science; Master’s Degree in similar areas (including Mathematical Finance) is a big plus Container Technology knowledge (Docker preferred, as well as Kubernetes and/or Swarm) 3-5 years of experience in analytics, risk, quant, data science, and/or data engineering Knowledge of NoSQL on Azure Cosmos DB, Azure Document DB, or Mongo DB Experience working with Big Data & Machine Learning – specifically Deep Learning, NLP, and related cloud technologies (this team is really about to dive in deeper with Natural Language Processing) Excellent written and communication skills to report on findings in a clear and structured manner Experience working in environments that require strict adherence to change control policies Background working in a fast-paced development environment Prior experience or knowledge of the financial markets is a plus
