Harvard Business School 49414BR Job Code RS0357 Statistician II Duties & Responsibilities Harvard Business School, whose mission is to educate leaders who make a difference in the world, is seeking a Statistician/Data Scientist with a strong background in quantitative research methods and computer programming to join its Research Computing Services (RCS) group within the Division of Research and Faculty Development (DRFD). The Statistician/Data Scientist contributes to the work of the team through his/her knowledge of statistics and programming that is both broad and deep. The ideal candidate has experience with multiple steps in the data life cycle, including data acquisition, data processing, data management, analysis, and visualization, preferably in a research environment; and brings technical programming expertise using research software packages. S/he will have a history of successful collaborations, particularly in a service delivery environment.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities Reporting to the Director of Data Services and Project Operations, the Statistician/Data Scientist is responsible for identifying and implementing technical solutions for meeting researcher statistical and data science needs, both as an individual contributor and as part of a team. He/she exhibits a high level of independence, judgment, intellectual curiosity, and technical skills. The primary responsibilities include: Works directly with faculty on statistical and data science projects.  Serves the data needs of faculty and other researchers, identifying and applying computational and statistical tools, and advising and training researchers in the use of these tools.  Resolves short-term research-related questions and problems, or takes on faculty research projects that may involve statistical analysis, statistical programming, or large/complex data sets. Researches and implements cutting-edge techniques in both statistics and programming as needed for more sophisticated quantitative researchers. Develops and programs algorithms when not available in standard statistical software packages. Reviews researcher-developed statistical programs and suggests alternative procedures or statistical packages when appropriate to optimize processing. Troubleshoots problems with researchers' statistical programming code or unusual patterns of results. Stays abreast of new developments in statistics, and computer programming; and statistical methods and procedures used in top journals; stays current with new versions of statistical software packages (e.g., Stata, R, Python, SAS)  Works independently with sound judgment, directly accountable for accuracy of methods and results. Often works on multiple projects simultaneously, balancing short and long-term projects to meet deadlines and faculty needs. Ensures adherence to policies related to the use of data from external sources. Collaborates with other team members through knowledge sharing and promotion of best practices (e.g., code review, technology showcase).  Learns new technologies and tools as needed.  Serves as a statistical and computing resource for other members of the RCS team. Basic Qualifications BA in quantitative (or related) field + 5-7 years, OR; MA in quantitative (or related) field + 3-5 years, OR; PhD + 0-2 years  Additional Qualifications Broad training and good habits in data management and analysis Applied use of multiple statistical programming packages such as R, Stata, SAS, SPSS  Strong skills in Python programming Applied use of other programming languages, such as C++ and Java Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau, ggplot2, and D3.js Experience with machine learning packages Familiarity with version control systems such as Git/GitHub  Familiarity with cluster and cloud computing  SQL/NoSQL database experience  Experience in Linux-based parallel processing environment Experience in handling large datasets preferred Ability and openness to learning new tools Business-related and/or finance research experience preferred Demonstrated ability and desire to develop and maintain expertise in emerging research methods and technologies Strong written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate complex technical topics to lay audiences as well as knowledgeable individuals Excellent interpersonal skills Strong customer service orientation, initiative, and the ability to anticipate and plan for customer needs Ability to find, plan, and communicate creative solutions to challenges Ability to work independently and collaboratively on a team Demonstrated ability to work with highly confidential/sensitive information Capacity to handle multiple complex tasks simultaneously Sound judgment, professionalism, diplomatic skills, comfort in interacting with prominent individuals, and grace under pressure are essential Meticulous attention to detail and demonstrated ability to produce consistently high quality work product Flexibility and capacity to multi-task and meet competing deadlines Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced and highly-matrixed environment Additional Information Many HBS employees are eligible for Flexible Work Arrangements, which may be explored during the interview process. Cover Letter is Required. Culture of Inclusion: The work and well-being of HBS are strengthened profoundly by the diversity of our network and our differences in background, culture, experience, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, and much more. Explore HBS Work Culture at http://www.hbs.edu/employment/ and learn about other Employment Opportunities. Follow us on Twitter @HBSJobs Job Function Research Sub-Unit * Location USA - MA - Boston Department Division of Research and Faculty Development Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 057 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.
