Your role Combine quantitative processes with fundamental insights to identify industry key performance indicators, develop sector-specific signals, track company specific risks etc • Develop, back test, and implement statistical models to test the efficacy of alternative data to gain insights into and forecast future company performance using alternative data. • Build tools to query, clean, analyze raw data through databases, and work closely with data and technology team to ensure data quality and delivery Actively source new ideas and collaborate with other research teams; providing statistical measures to both internal and external clients Your team Data Science Team within the Platform. Your expertise Advanced degree in quantitative field such as statistics, engineering, mathematics or finance, PhD preferred • 5-10 years' experience in statistics/econometrics and time series modeling, proficiency working with large dataset, machine learning, data mining, and numerical methods Experience leading a team of data scientists and econometricians Conducting statistical analysis and building time series models including VAR, DLM, state space models etc Utilizing machine learning models like gradient boosting, random forest, k-means clustering and other statistical techniques. • Programming using Python, R, SQL. Preferred Knowledge of natural language processing, including techniques such as Naive Bayes, Latent Dirichlet allocation and extractive text summarization; • Fundamental financial (equity or fixed income) research experience is a plus • Creative thinking and problem-solving skills; able to decompose complex problems into manageable pieces • Strong verbal and written communication skills; able to present quantitative solutions clearly to both internal and external clients • Team oriented; able to collaborate with a range of functional teams and resolve conflicts as necessary About us Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That\u0027s what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? Join us We\u0027re a truly global, collaborative and friendly group of people. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance. If this sounds interesting, apply now.
