Requisition Number: MEA00000043 Salary Range: Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications Job Summary: DataArts, The National Center for Arts Research (Center) at Southern Methodist University, seeks a Data Scientist focused on research. The Data Scientist reports to the Research Director and Director and works closely with the Associate Director of Research. About the Position: The Data Scientist is responsible for managing and leveraging SMU DataArts' unique database, and conducting analyses that support DataArts' research agenda. DataArts' multi-level data include objective financial and operating data for some 50,000 arts organizations from 2007-2018, census data for businesses and households in all US census tracts, and household-level arts patronage data for 20 million households. These data have been integrated into a spatial model of the arts and culture ecosystem. The ideal candidate will have a working knowledge of data architectures, database technologies (e.g. SQL, Oracle, Amazon Aurora), statistical computer languages (e.g., SAS, R, Python), spatial statistics, and stochastic frontier analysis. Essential Functions: Maintain the DataArts' database, which involves integrating regular updates to organizational data from the Cultural Data Profile, the Internal Revenue Service, and Theatre Communications Group, zip-code level business pattern data from the Census Bureau, census tract level sociodemographic and economic data from the Census Bureau, and household-level purchase data from TRG Arts and individual organizations. Work as the lead data strategist, identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged through our product capabilities and work closely with the engineering team to strategize and execute the development of data products. Maintain and update the DataArts spatial model and NCAR tools. Current tools include the KIPI dashboard, the Arts Vibrancy Heat Map, and the Audience Opportunity Tool. Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive solutions for clients as well as the company. Skills: Education and Experience: Master's degree is required, preferably in data science, operations research, applied mathematics, statistics, or economics. Ph.D is desirable. A minimum of three years of work experience in database management, advanced analytic and predictive modeling techniques, and/or experience applying advanced analytic techniques is required. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Candidate must demonstrate strong verbal and interpersonal communication skills, as well as the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with a wide range of constituencies in a diverse community. Must also demonstrate the ability to communicate effectively in writing. Candidate must have experience using multiple statistical languages, including SAS, Python, and R to query databases, manipulate data, and draw from large data sets. Strong relational database skills, including SQL, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Amazon Aurora, are also required. Candidate must possess strong time management, organizational and planning skills. Must also possess strong project management skills. Candidates must possess a strong understanding of data analysis process, including problem specification, data exploration, data modeling, evaluation and recommendation. Must also have an understanding of experimentation and statistical analysis. Candidates must have demonstrated skills in: conducting predictive analytics, integrating and analyzing large complex databases, statistical analyses and research methodologies, and summarizing results effectively. Proven data visualization experience is also desirable. Physical/Environmental Demands: Sit for long periods of time Deadline to Apply: The position is open until filled. EEO Statement: SMU will not discriminate in any program or activity on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity and expression. The Executive Director for Access and Equity/Title IX Coordinator is designated to handle inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies and may be reached at the Perkins Administration Building, Room 204, 6425 Boaz Lane, Dallas, TX 75205, 214-768-3601, accessequity@smu.edu.
