Job Description: Staff BI and Data Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA (or) New York, NY
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Staff BI and Data Engineer, preferably with experience in the bank card loyalty/fin-tech/advertising/marketing space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Data Engineering division. The demand for advanced analytical solutions continues to grow exponentially, and this is your opportunity to grow with us in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Develop high quality analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation through scripting. Experience in building data marts is a plus.
Build automated QA process to validate the quality of the data and report on data quality
Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau
Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of account managers, data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis to assist with planning and decision making.
Other responsibilities include but not limited to - data validation, troubleshooting issues, and process documentation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building data pipelines, analytical data applications and BI Reporting.
Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Shell scripting.
Experience in using Cloud based managed services and Big Data Environments for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, Google BigQuery, Spark, MapR etc.,
Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data
Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a big data platform.
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Strong organization skills with attention to detail is a must.
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box
Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required.
