As a data scientist focused on product analytics, you will work closely with Lyra's product team to understand the journey that our members take when entering care. We will look to you to discover actionable insights about our members' behavior, informing both tactical and strategic product decisions. Your efforts will support the optimization of our members' care journey through iteration, experimentation, and validation. Qualifications: 3+ years of data analysis in an industry setting with preference for individuals who have experience in product analytics and have partnered with engineering and product teams in prior roles. Demonstrated understanding of statistical applications and methods (experimentation, probabilities, regression). Experience applying hypothesis testing in an industry or research setting. Graduate level Statistics coursework with MS in a quantitative field preferred (statistics, econometrics, biostatistics, quantitative social sciences). Experience with Python including cleaning and analyzing data as well as using Python to parse JSON structured data, call APIs, create user-defined functions and automate. Experience developing comprehensive analyses using irregular data from disparate sources. Willing to do whatever it takes to clean messy data prior to deriving insights. Strong SQL proficiency. Experience writing complex queries with multiple schemas and tables. Preference for candidates who have experience creating views. Experience with Tableau a plus. Excellent written, communication, and presentation skills. Ability to deliver time-sensitive ad-hoc analyses requested by leadership. What we care about beyond technical skills: You are interested in Agile product development and experimentation, and fascinated by human psychology and behavior You are interested in partnering with both non-technical and technical stakeholders You are organized and pay attention to detail You are a self-starter and a quick study Your desire to make a difference in people's health and well-being. We all care deeply about making a difference in people's lives, and we hope you do too!
