As a Data Scientist on TikTok's US Safety team, you will be instrumental in ensuring that TikTok remains a safe, trustworthy, and risk-free environment. By implementing your domain knowledge, you will help diagnose, triage, and treat large-scale safety issues. You will scope out projects, use ground-truth data to inform strategies, and, most importantly, use data and insights to form best-in-class heuristics to proactively detect and disarm safety incidents. As a member of this team, you will be working on TikTok's top priority (user safety) with a variety of stakeholders across product, operations, policy, and engineering -- both locally and globally. This position will be full-time and will be based in our Los Angeles, CA location. Responsibilities: 1. Use data to identify and forecast trends, conduct deep-dive quantitative analysis to identify root causes of safety incidents, understand user behavior, and determine objectives with achievable key results for the US Safety team to aspire to. 2. Inform best practices for how quantitative analyses should be run, including aspects such as processing, cleaning, and ensuring ground-truth integrity. 3. Experience in a variety of skills to draw insights from data, including but not limited to data mining, model development, statistical and regression techniques. You understand when to use these various methodologies based on the scope, size, and nuances of the problem. 4. Collaborate with data teams across the globe to form best practices regarding data modeling and visualization; support these teams in the development of automated detection systems utilized to detect and, if possible, prevent safety incidents. 5. Explore various data sources across TikTok to help identify new signals, trends, and tactics that are associated with abusive or unwanted behavior. Requirements Key Qualifications: 1. BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field 2. 3+ years work experience using SQL 3. 3+ years Python/R or other statistical programming language 4. Experience with advanced data modeling and predictive analytics
