POSITION SUMMARY: About the Group The Data Science team, as part of the Data Science and Client Analytics group, is responsible for using cutting edge statistical and analytical techniques to drive distribution and digital strategy, inform senior leadership decisions, and have a quantifiable impact on sales. About the Role This high visibility position straddles the dual responsibility of analyst and strategist, using data to create a competitive advantage while simultaneously utilizing keen business acumen to drive execution and results. We are shaping the future of distribution and are looking for bright, creative minds to join us. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: Major Responsibilities: Uses best practices to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs Design, execute and deploy projects aimed at solving high-impact business problems using machine learning, natural language processing, and related data science techniques Works on data and business problems to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models. Manages data and data requests to improve the accuracy of our data and decisions made from data analysis Uses and learns a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., R, SQL, Python, Tableau) Collaborates with team in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling. Understands the business' problems to identify the optimal modeling approach. Communicates to team members, leadership and stakeholders on findings to ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes. The development and execution of a communication strategy, with appropriate coaching, that keeps all relevant stakeholders informed and provides an opportunity to influence the direction of the work. QUALIFICATIONS Required Undergraduate degree . Minimum 3 years of experience in a Data Science or other advanced data analytics role Desired MBA or Graduate Degree in Math, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, or related field; or equivalent experience Familiarity with conventional software development languages (Scala, JavaScript, C#, Java, etc.) 3+ years of financial services industry experience preferred. CRM knowledge preferred. Familiarity with data analysis scripting languages, such as Python or R Ability to communicate complex information and analysis in written and graphical form. Knowledge of advanced statistical data analysis and modeling Experience with data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, and data visualization Working knowledge of traditional data storage, relational databases, SQL, and ETL tools
