The CPS Strategy and Specialized Industry group is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join the AP Optimizer team. The successful candidate will lead the effort to build big data analytics, interpret results and develop actionable insights and recommendations for the organization. The ideal candidate will ask questions, connect the dots, and uncover hidden opportunities in our data. This role will also lead and manage the production launch of machine learning initiatives as well as perform predictive modeling. A working knowledge of data mining, machine learning, and statistical software is required. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: • Work as the lead data strategist, identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged through our product capabilities and work closely with the engineering team to strategize and execute the development of data products. • Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data to provide answers to business questions as well as provide recommendations for action. • Interpret data and analyze results using various advanced statistical techniques and tools. • Present data and analysis in a clear and concise manner, allowing the audience to quickly understand results and recommendations and make data driven decisions. • Collaborate with business partners to prioritize requests/needs. • Collaborate with various partners to provide a holistic view of the analysis (e.g. research, Insights, Strategists & Executionists partners, competitive team). • Measure and monitor results of applied recommendations and present adjustments, if necessary. • Ensure all data acquisition, sharing and results of applied recommendations are compliant with company standards. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: The position requires strong knowledge of data management and analysis combined with effective interpersonal skills. Also needed is the experience and ability to work with internal teams such as finance analytics, innovation, salesforce and TOS teams to formalize internal infrastructure and analysis needs. • Bachelor's Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, computer science, engineering or applied mathematics or equivalent work experience. • 5+ years' experience in data mining and statistical analytics Preferred Experiences: • Experience in python/R/SAS/SQL for data extraction, data mining, and predictive analytics • Strong analytic skills with the ability to extract, collect, organize, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets • Experience and knowledge of Tableau analytics data visualization tools (preferred) • Expert user of Excel • Excellent communicator both verbally and written • Motivated self-driver, able to manage complex projects, detail-oriented with proven time management and general project management skills (preferred)
