The Data Scientist will be part of a team responsible to develop the infrastructure, system and statistical analytics to enable proactive and predictive analytics throughout the Global Quality and Operations group. The Data Scientist will work with other functions such as manufacturing, engineering, quality and IT to develop complex statistical algorithms and machine learning models working with extremely large and complex data structures. The position will provide technical leadership of other data scientists, analysts and programmers in the design, build, evaluation and deployment of models and other analytical projects. The position may also provide analytics support to other parts of the organization including Product Development, Customer Service, Sales and Marketing and/or Finance.

Responsibilities:

Analyze complex data systems that may involve one or more of the following: data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling, machine learning techniques

Design, develop, test, troubleshoot and document systems to produce data-drive decision making and other related concepts

Provide technical input to internal teams regarding data discovery, planning and processing.

Keep current with outside advancements in data science techniques and inject developments as appropriate

Requirements:

Experience creating and applying advanced statistical methods and complex algorithms such as: regression, clustering, simulation, scenario analysis, neural networks and decision trees and other machine learning techniques.

Experience creating and presenting simple, concise visualizations of data to stakeholders using software such as Tableau, PowerBI, Periscope, or other similar

Minimum of 3 years of programming experience (C, C++, Java, Python, R)

Minimum of 3 years of experience with relational databases and SQL

Experience with statistical or computational mathematics tools (SAS, R, Jmp, Matlab).

Strong interpersonal and communication skills (both written and oral) including the ability to communicate complex technical/statistical concepts to a non-technical audience.

Experience working with large data sets and tools like MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.

Experience with web services such as AWS, Redshift, S3, and/or Spark connecting to data using API’s.

Experience connecting and analyzing data from multiple business applications (SAP, SFDC, IBM Cognos)

Experience/Education:

Master’s degree or Ph.D. in a relevant technical discipline (Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics or a similar field)

Minimum 3 years of data science experience in industry for Master’s candidates or 1 years for Ph.D. candidates

Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at applications@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
