Common Networks was founded on the idea that everyone should have a choice for fast, affordable access to broadband internet. Right now, most homes in the U.S. don't. In fact, 62% of homes live in a monopoly broadband market. High-speed access unlocks all the superpowers on the internet. When it works, it can be a great leveling force across the world, giving everyone access to educational tools, entertainment, immediate translations, or even medical care that they wouldnt otherwise have. Common Networks provides suburban neighborhoods with internet using wireless technology. We interconnect homes in a neighborhood, creating a mesh network between homes and our fiber internet sources. A whole community can then have fast and reliable internet service with only a few locations needing fiber access. Role You will work closely with our Product, Engineering, Business, and Operations teams to uncover insights about how customers use our service in order to influence Product and Business decisions. You will be responsible for understanding all aspects of the business and the data available for each aspect. You will jump in and use your quantitative skills to recommend actions, and over time you will identify where more data should be collected and what areas can be most impacted by data science. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your teammates, using numbers to help them make better decisions. This is a strategic, high-impact role that will help shape the future of product and operations. ResponsibilitiesWho You AreMust Haves Equal Employment Opportunity Common Networks is committed to being an equal opportunity employer we evaluate all employees and job applicants equally, based on merit, competence, and qualifications. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
