Responsibilities

The Senior Health Analytics Data Scientist will work with a multidisciplinary team of faculty members, health services researchers, biomedical informaticians, data scientists, and others to lead the development of new predictive models software/systems from a variety of healthcare data, including but not limited to clinical, imaging, claims, and other biomedical and patient-related information. The individual will enable development of new tools and approaches to work with data from a large health system to identifying areas for exploration, operational improvement (including quality improvement initiatives), and subsequent enablement of research. They would guide the delivery of more efficient, individually-tailored care to the patients seen in the UCLA Health System. In addition, they will be collaborating with active researchers in biomedical informatics to apply and evaluate cutting-edge computational methods, and will oversee others regarding data pre-processing and analysis tasks (e.g., data integration, wrangling, and visualization) as well as architect and design new ML/AI methodologies, particularly around implementation of clinical decision-making tools. They will also lead and/or assist researchers with scientific publications and proposal development.

Qualifications

Master’s Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., mathematics, computer science, physics, economics, engineering, statistics, operations research, quantitative social science, bioengineering etc.) or PhD is preferred, with demonstrated research in healthcare.

5 or more years of advanced data analysis experience and expertise in diverse statistical, data mining techniques and technologies, with demonstrated research in healthcare.

Demonstrated knowledge and experience in the application of current and cutting-edge approaches in ML/AI, including reinforcement learning and sequential decision-making methods.

Proficiency with programming for general languages (e.g., C/C++, Java) and data analysis, (e.g., Python, SQL, R).

Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving abilities in the context of analyzing large, real-world datasets that may contain inconsistent, missing, and/or conflicting information. Ability to grasp data and see patterns or make inferences at a high level.

Demonstrated skill to break down and understand complex problems, define a solution, and implement it using advanced quantitative methods. Strong problem solving skills and metadata skills.

Skilled at oral and written communication with prior experience in giving presentations, writing technical reports, and documenting code. The ability to present technical concepts and results in a manner that is understandable to other technical and non-technical stakeholders is critical.

Self-motivated, strong work ethic, and independent.

Proficiency with cloud-based platforms such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon Web Services.

Excellent team player with excellent communication and problem-solving skills and have experience working with customers across teams.

Proficiency with scientific notebook/development environments, such as Jupyter and/or equivalents

Past experience with development of predictive models involving clinical, biological, or health-related datasets

Experience building, querying, and modifying relational databases such as My SQL or Postgres.

Prior experience in working with clinician-scientists and biomedical informaticians.

Strong staff development, leadership and coaching skills, desire to work with undergraduate and graduate students working on related projects, including daily oversight tasks.

Experience with healthcare data and or EHR data

Demonstrated record of working with various types of clinically-related information to construct and evaluate complex predictive models, drawing on contemporary methods in computer science, including machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI).
