Responsibilities: For all markets that we are in: · For each premise, analyze relationship between gas/electricity usage and other factors such as weather, and generate a usage forecast for the long term, usage forecast for the near term, and usage back-cast. Measure the accuracy of the models on a regular basis. · For each market, generate a demand forecast for the long term, demand forecast for the near term, and demand back-cast. o Analyze and model new sales and renewal trends. o Analyze and model customer behavior such as enrolment reaffirmation and attrition. o Maintain loss assumptions. o Explain variance between demand forecasts. o Work with Trading and Risk groups to get the long-term and short-term demand forecasts approved and published. · Analyze and model temperature sensitivity of gas and electricity load at the portfolio level. · Answer load related ad-hoc questions. · Maintain documentation on processes. · Work with utilities to improve forecast models. · Work with the development team to automate/improve processes. Requirements: · Demand forecasting experience in the energy industry is preferred · Demonstrable ability in R, MS Excel and T-SQL · Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills · Solid grasp of statistical concepts and experience with time series analysis · Strong modeling capability · Strong business acumen and data-driven decision-making capabilities · Excellent communication skills, written and oral ability to clearly define and articulate key issues, and communicate complex ideas to variety of audiences · Disciplined and organized approach to work · Demonstrated success in a fast-paced team environment · Self-starter philosophy and driven to success · Ability to learn new skills as required · Ability to work both autonomously and in a team environment · Dedication to achieving a goal within expected timelines · Ability to effectively manage multiple projects/tasks of varying complexities Education: · Undergraduate degree in Statistics is compulsory along with 3-5 years of relevant work experience: Masters or PhD in Applied Statistics is strongly preferred.
