LOC_BUERGER-Buerger Center Ambulatory Care Req ID: 48161

Shift: Days

Employment Status: Regular - Full Time
Job Summary
Provides leadership, assistance and support in the development, implementation, evaluation, enhancement, and maintenance of a comprehensive pediatric nursing research program which would enhance the outcomes of pediatric nursing care and establish CHOP as a leader in that field. Develops pediatric nursing research goals in collaboration with the Director of Nursing Research & Evidence Based Practice, members of the Department of Nursing and Research Institute, clinical staff, physicians/ members of other health care disciplines, and patients/families.
Job Responsibilities
Participates in the development of a comprehensive pediatric nursing research agenda with demonstrated patient and family outcomes, changes in practice, or contributions to the achievement of CHOP’s mission by providing program leadership, and via collaboration with nursing department colleagues, members of the Research Institute other disciplines, and faculty of nursing education affiliates.
Facilitates identification of clinical issues in need of data support in collaboration with other health care providers and assists in the development of systematic strategies to prioritize and address them.
Conducts research training on a routine and consistent basis for clinical nursing staff.
Develops a climate to encourage the clinical inquiry efforts of all nurse researchers.
Serves as a consultant to nurses and other staff within the Department of Nursing, Respiratory Care and Neurodiagnostics who wish to develop inquiry-based activities that support current practice.
Participates in the development of databases related to pediatric nursing and supervises the collection and analysis of such data. Assists staff in identifying and utilizing databases currently in place at CHOP and throughout the nation.
Serves as liaison to clinical research education provided by CHOP Research Institute.
Cultivates a culture of inquiry by questioning or evaluating current practice to improve standards and guidelines.
Develops and implements own program of research.
Serves as a nursing science expefEliert in one’s designated research program.
Conducts own program of research to serve as a role model to staff and to add to the body of knowledge of pediatric clinical care and pediatric nursing care delivery systems.
Participates in collaborative research efforts with other healthcare disciplines.
Prepares research grant proposals for external funding.
Participates in professional research meetings that align with program of research.
Shares research findings with nursing, other professional and the lay community.
Serves adjunct academic appointment(s) with the major university(ies) associated with CHOP.
Assumes responsibility for implementation and ongoing development of a comprehensive, state of the art, pediatric nursing research program at CHOP by providing leadership, mentorship and consultation.
Guides practicing nurses and other clinical staff in the systematic investigation of nursing problems, patient outcome studies and other phenomena.
Assists staff in the development and submission of data-based proposals and publications.
Mentors bedside nurses to understand, evaluate and apply research while creating a link between evidence-based practice and research.
Ensures the sharing of research findings through local, national and international journals, publications and presentations as well as through internal communication networks.
Supports and promotes professional and community activities related to pediatric health care.
Develops and ensures maintenance of a catalog of all past and present pediatric nursing research at CHOP.
Conducts publication and presentation education for staff on a regular basis.
Job Responsibilities (Continued)
Contributes to the evaluation of a comprehensive pediatric nursing research agenda at CHOP by providing leadership and evaluative expertise and by demonstrating applicability of nursing research to effective and efficient patient care delivery and patient care outcomes.
Assesses research outcomes against accepted standards and annual plan on a routine basis.
Enables, encourages and assists nursing and other staff to address patient satisfaction and/or patient care problems through application of EBP and research findings.
Reviews current practice and literature to enhance staff’s knowledge and utilization of available research for quality improvement and evaluation of current practice.
Communicates research findings and outcomes to all staff.
Contributes to the enhancement, revision and maintenance of a comprehensive, vital and innovative pediatric nursing research program at CHOP by providing leadership and creative, collaborative networking strategies. Seeks external funding to support nursing research activities.
Participates in the quarterly and annual evaluation plan including outcomes achieved the prior year (includes impact on practice, publication productivity, national presentations, grants obtained, etc.)
Promotes collaborative partnerships between the CHOP Department of Nursing, the Research Institute and other CHOP departments, Schools of Nursing, Business and Medicine.
Initiates and explores potential collaborative relationships with the nursing departments of other children’s hospitals and organizations to further nursing research.
Actively participates on the CHOP Institutional Review Board and other committees as appointed.
Promotes the image of pediatric nursing at CHOP locally, nationally and internationally.
Serves on dissertation/thesis committees or DNP project committees as appropriate.
Actively participates in professional and community activities.
Participates in professional activities for development (e.g. seminars, CEUs, professional organization meetings); annually reviews quality and cost effectiveness of these programs.
Participates in selected professional research meetings.
Seeks opportunities to teach, coach and mentor and to learn, be coached and mentored.
Job Responsibilities (Continued)
Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations
Registered Nurse - PA
Required Education and Experience
Required Education: PhD or DNSc

Required Experience:
Five (5) or more years of progressive clinical experience or clinical teaching experience.
Post-doctoral fellowship training or equivalent experience.
Previous experience in obtaining extramural funding to support research activities.
Previous experience publishing research results in high impact peer-reviewed journals.
Demonstrated track record in obtaining extramural funding to support research activities.
Experience publishing research results in high impact peer-reviewed journals.
Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic
Preferred Education:
Graduate degree in Pediatric Nursing or Maternal Child Health/Parent Child Health/Family Child Health.
Three (3) or more post-fellowship training years experience working as a Nurse Scientist.
Additional Technical Requirements
Preparation in quantitative analysis
Demonstrated ability in human relations, communication and education.
Demonstrated experience and ability in grantsmanship, conduct and facilitation of nursing research, and dissemination of research (publications, conferences).
Demonstrated potential for facilitating the development of research in pediatric nursing, applying outcomes to practice and commitment to promotion exemplary patient and family centered care and an interactive, dynamic multidisciplinary learning climate.
Eligible for adjunct faculty appointment at accredited School(s) of Nursing.

All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer).

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions.

CHOP Careers Contact

Talent Acquisition

2716 South Street, 6th Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19146

Phone: 866-820-9288

Email:TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
