DATA SCIENTIST Seeking an experienced Data Scientist to join a global analytics team for a customer-centric organization. The Data Scientist will be integral to enhancing the company's competitive advantage through use of data to make decisions. You will work to explore and understand the customer data while building statistical models for both prediction and description of data for our customers. As the Data Scientist on the Analytics Team, you will have the opportunity to provide key input into the company's global analytics strategy. The Analytics Team is responsible for building a unified platform to handle the various data analysis workloads across the company. You will work with key stakeholders across all our business units to design, build, and operationalize their strategic analytics objectives. This is position will have significant influence into the future direction of the Analytics Team Focused on finding a candidate capable of driving projects to their successful outcomes with effective communication and interpersonal skills will do well. Excellent communication skills are required as you will be interfacing with the business as well as acting as a mentor and leader to Analysts and Jr. Data Scientists. Responsibilities Collaborate with Project Managers and business stakeholders to execute Analytics projects - outlining specific deliverables, provide input to project plans and milestones. Analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses Perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods Leverage data management processes and available infrastructure / Relation data sources/API tools to develop POC capabilities/solutions Work alongside ETL engineers to establish an analytics platform to be used across the business Use good software engineering practices (appreciate the importance of good coding practices to DS, unit testing, version control using git, code review) Ability to conduct large scale projects and research through all stages: concept formulation, definition of metrics, determination of appropriate statistical methodology, research evaluation, and final research report Mentor other team members as needed Job Requirements Requirements MS/PhD in a quantitative field: computer science, econometrics, mathematics, statistics, analytics, or other related field 5+ years of professional experience as a Data Scientist in a professional setting Detailed knowledge on a range of analytical techniques (e.g. Supervised and Un-supervised machine learning techniques, graph data based analytics, statistical analysis, time series, geospatial, nlp, sentiment analysis, pattern detection to name a few) Python scripting is required Experience with data visualization tools is required (Tableau, etc.) Good understanding of data manipulation/wrangling techniques The candidate should have strong knowledge of database concepts and SQL Experience with command-line scripting, data structures and algorithms and ability to work in a Linux/Windows environment, processing large amounts of data in an on-premise and/or cloud environment Automate the model building process Good data modelling intuition Experience with Spark is desired Experience with h2o is preferred Experience with Alteryx is preferred Expert in Microsoft Office suite, especially Word, Excel and PowerPoint Familiarity with data warehousing concepts Proven ability to influence and work with cross-functional teams. Significant skill required to work effectively across internal functional areas in situations where clear parameters may not exist. Strong work ethic and personal integrity; self-directed and self-motivated with a highly developed curiosity and willingness to learn and to teach. Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as interpersonal skills; ability to define and capture business needs along with articulating strategic implications of analytic results with clarity and persuasiveness in an audience-appropriate manner.
