Data Scientist – Creative Cloud Experience

Come join the Creative Cloud Experience (CCX) team, one of the most dynamic, fun, and fast-moving teams at Adobe! We build cloud services and components that power all the Asset & Collaboration features across all Creative Cloud products and across all platforms – web, mobile, and desktop. CCX members collaborate across and outside our organization on a wide range of features, fully integrated with our client teams. We don't just build small pieces of a puzzle in isolation. We understand the workflow from a high level, and that context helps us build the right customer experience.

We are looking for a Data Scientist who is passionate about using big data to deliver phenomenal customer experiences and to inform business decisions. You’ll develop algorithms that analyze and derive insights from our massive product usage dataset, working in collaboration with product managers, researchers, and engineering teams. You will establish and measure objectives and deliver results that we can learn from. Come make an impact on the most exciting organization with the most emerging and innovative products and services at the company!

What you will do

Develop and implement algorithms for cleaning, integrating, and evaluating large datasets from multiple disparate sources.

Partner with engagement and experience teams to understand measurement requirements, help define them into Key Performance Indicators. Then drive and deliver insights and customer engagement understanding through reliable, regular and repeatable visualizations.

Both answer questions arising from the product teams and perform independent, exploratory data analyses to deliver insight to the product teams

Work with Adobe’s data ingestion, data platform and product teams to validate instrumentation and data flow

Support regular ad-hoc data and analysis needs to better understand customer behaviors. Support teams in running growth programs and A/B tests through analyzing results and communicating learnings and insights.

What you will need

Experience performing quantitative analysis of large data sets; using SQL

Experience with big data techniques (Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark) and querying tools (such as Hive, Pig, Impala).

A deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms.

Ability to work with engineering and evaluate the trade-offs between architectural changes and analytical solution.

Proficiency in Java or Python, and R

Proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

5+ years of experience with a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math, Econometrics, Operations Research, or related field.

At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.

If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.

Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
