Job Posting End Date: 10/01

Unum is a company of people serving people. As one of the world's leading employee benefits providers and a Fortune 500 company, Unum's financial protection benefits help protect more than 36 million working people and their families from the financial impact of illness or injury. Unum's three distinct, but similarly focused US businesses – Unum US, Colonial Life, and Starmount Life – are each a market leader in making disability, life, accident, critical illness, dental, and vision insurance accessible in the workplace.

Headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Unum has significant US operations in Portland, Maine, Worcester, Massachusetts, and Glendale, California with over 35 field offices nationwide. Colonial Life is headquartered in Columbia, South Carolina with over 40 field offices nationwide. Starmount Life is based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and is the dental and vision center of excellence for Unum in the US.

General Summary:

This position for an experienced data scientist who is excited to transform data into actionable insights and impactful solutions to drive online lead generation. The role requires technical expertise in the fields of computer programming, applied statistics, data manipulation; and Digital Marketing. While some review by a manager is expected, this individual will take initiative in identifying and executing data science approaches to optimize lead gen results.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities

Design and execute analytical solutions using optimization, simulation, data mining and other statistical methods with a focus on delivering actionable business value.

Integrate large volume of data from different sources (including DB2, SQL Server, Web API and Teradata) to create data assets for ad-hoc analyses and larger studies.

Apply validation, aggregation, and reconciliation techniques to create rich modeling-ready data framework.

Construct and tune predictive models to explain and understand observed events, forecast expected behavior, or identify risk through scoring or clustering.

Efficiently interpret results and communicate findings and potential value to influence manager and leadership decision making.

Support integration of solutions within existing business processes using automation techniques.

Understand theory and application of current and emerging statistical methods and tools.

Provides support, training and/or mentorship to lower level Data Science peers.

Perform other related duties as assigned

Job Specifications

Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field is required, Master’s is preferred

4 years of professional experience or equivalent relevant work experience preferred

Core Data Science Capabilities: Deep expertise in at least two of the following skillsets preferred; and competency in the other:

Programming & Process automation : Experience with file I/O, database integrations, and APIs to build automated analytics pipelines. Understanding of process research and design, which may be demonstrated through use of DevOps, automation, data mining, web scraping, or object-oriented software is preferred.

Data Visualization : Expertise on at least one visualization tool with working knowledge of others and expertise in static data visualization. Understanding of dynamic data visualization.

Statistics & Statistical modeling: Expertise using statistical inference and regression. Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms. Solid understanding of feature selection and extraction. Conducts end-to-end machine learning tasks from problem synthesis to model deployment.

Data Extraction, Transformation, and Loading: Preferred skills include: Expertise in writing complex SQL queries that join multiple tables/databases. Independently explore databases/tables to identify best data sources to solve business problems. Demonstrates ability to troubleshoot complex SQL queries with little guidance. Demonstrates ability to create logical data models by combining data from multiple sources including internal and external data.

Core business capabilities : Demonstrated communication skills, experience in financial services, leadership experience working with senior management and executive leadership, and attention to detail while effectively and independently prioritizing work and managing multiple projects simultaneously.

Leadership Capabilities : Demonstrated ability to coach or mentor team members, ability to commit quickly and positively to change. Viewed as a promoter of change management and leads proof of concept work and prototyping when necessary

Preferred characteristics: Entrepreneurial self-starter, a thorough, results-oriented problem-solver, and a lifelong learner with voracious curiosity AND intermediate understanding of their organization

~IN1

Unum and its family of businesses offer world-class training and development, generous compensation and benefits packages, and a culture built on employee ideas.

Unum is an equal opportunity employer, considering all qualified applicants and employees for hiring, placement, and advancement, without regard to a person's race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or protected veteran status.

Company:

Unum
