The mission of Quality Operations is to improve health system performance and outcomes by providing leadership and care teams with quantifiable data and insights needed for operations, clinical performance measurement, quality improvement, analytics and outcomes research. We provide solutions to integrate, cleanse, govern, translate and dispense information across Mount Sinai's clinical institutes and clinical care service lines. Our team is seeking a Data Scientist to design and implement innovative data visualization and statistical analyses to drive quality and process improvement efforts. Roles & Responsibilities: Providing innovative visual answers to clearly and concisely meet end user needs while considering all complexities that are inherent in health care data. Translating requirements for data-driven solutions with minimal guidance. Leading analytics and/or statistics project from start to finish. Documenting workflow. Work with clinical /internal team leads to define measures for assessment and analysis in support of operations management and quality and process improvement. Determine and apply the most appropriate statistical analysis techniques in an agile fashion. Create meaningful, appropriate data visualizations across various clinical and business domains. Use common collaboration tools (i.e. JIRA, git) along with scripting languages (R, SAS, SQL) to create accurate and reproducible analyses. Requirements: Master's (preferred) in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or Public Health. Three (+) years of experience in statistical programming language (R, SAS). Possesses advanced applied statistics skills including an understanding of probability and its application to the analysis of data including statistical process control, process monitoring, and diagnostics. Experience in risk model development, hierarchical modeling and predictive analytics. Excellent at communicating difficult statistical concepts (oral and written). Self-motivated and organized in pushing projects to completion. Able to learn quickly on the job, with minimal guidance. Experience working in agile environment. Preferred Experience: Experience with performance improvement methodologies (Lean, Six Sigma) and data-driven improvement efforts. Experience in designing measures, surveys and studies helpful. General understanding of healthcare departmental/clinical operations, workflow, policies, and procedures helpful.
