LotLinx, the leading automotive AI-powered digital marketing tool, is experiencing tremendous growth and has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist - Peterborough, NH . LotLinx provides employees a dynamic work environment that is challenging, team-oriented, and full of passionate people. We offer great incentives to our employees, such as competitive compensation and benefits, flex time off, and career development opportunities.

Role Details:

Lotlinx is the leader in shaping demand to automotive listings. Our systems balance price and demand elasticity to improve automotive dealer profitability. As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be a pivotal member of our team where you will be responsible for bringing to market complex analysis and machine learning models.

You will gather and analyze data, develop code to solve and address highly complex business problems and evaluate scenarios to make predictions on future outcomes and provide prescriptive solutions that support decision making by our customers. You need to be able to explore and understand data and build advanced analytical and machine learning models, then present and discuss the resulting models to any level of audience. You will design and drive the creation of new standards and best practices in the use of statistical data modeling, big data and optimization tools for LotLinx.

LotLinx is a privately-run operation that began nearly 10 years ago with over 100 employees in the United States and Canada. You will find an atmosphere of trust and collaboration that has been instrumental to our success and has shaped our willingness to fuel epic innovation, drive unprecedented growth and deliver the mind-blowing, needle-moving, insights that are unique to our business. This is a new position that will be based in our new Corporate HQ located in Peterborough, NH. Come enjoy the relaxed business atmosphere of working in a picturesque town 35 miles west of Manchester, NH.

Responsibilities:

Interprets problems and develops solutions to business problems using different techniques, such as statistics, optimization tools, machine learning techniques and other methods.

Collaborate with client and Enterprise Data Products team to set analytic objectives, approaches and work schedule.

Design large scale models using linear and mixed integer optimization; non-linear methods; and, heuristics.

Design large scale models using different statistical analysis tools, such as Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Time-Series Models, Machine Learning Models etc.

Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers.

50%-Design and develop analytics algorithms and ML models to use against large datasets to create business insights

20%-Establish scalable, efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development and model implementation

20%-Present analysis and resulting recommendations to senior management; Leverage data to present a compelling business case to optimize investments and operations

10%-Communicate and educate technical and non-technical employees on analytics and data-driven decision making

Requirements:

Bachelor's or higher degrees in business, mathematics, computer science, industrial engineering or other related fields, and at least 2+ years’ working experience or academic research experience.

Intermediate to advanced experience in Statistical Software (e.g. Data & Statistical Packages, R, Big Query).

Ability to code using advanced SQL knowledge.

Ability to communicate with business side or stakeholders. Can understand the customer requirements from general business description and interpret this information into analytical objectives and constraints. At the same time, can interpret the analysis outcome result into business description to feedback to the analytical and non-analytical stakeholders.

A minimum of fifteen years of experience focused on business intelligence

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university, preferable Masters in Business Analytics

Prior knowledge and experience in utilizing data as an asset for competitive advantage

 Technical Skills:

Advanced machine learning techniques and algorithms, e.g. gradient boosting, random forests, neural networks, SVMs

Advanced statistical techniques, e.g. Bayesian, sampling and experimental design

Knowledge of SQL and relational databases

Experience with marketing analytics and automotive data is a plus

 Experience with NLP and Deep Learning is a plus

Our technical stack includes AWS, Big Query and ElasticSearch

What We Look For (preferred):

Experience with Machine Learning, Deep and Wide Learning

Experience delivering reports to support analytic applications

Ideal candidate comes from financial services or automotive industries

Knowledge/Experience of Big Query or another advanced SQL language

Knowledge/Experience of general coding language (e.g. Python, R)

Experience with processing large multi-Terabyte data sets

Experience working with Google Analytics web sessions and conversion data

About Us

LotLinx is the best in class, AI-powered digital advertising solution for the automotive industry, and Chicago’s fastest growing company in 2018 as awarded by Crain’s Chicago Business. LotLinx uses advanced machine learning technology to help vehicle sellers analyze shopper data, identify high intent purchasers, and execute inventory-specific digital advertising campaigns.

LotLinx is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

LotLinx is not currently able to offer sponsorship for employment visa status.
