Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

JOB DESCRIPTION

“From Silicon to Systems” - We are an elite, multi-disciplinary team, bringing together the brightest minds from physics, computer science, electrical engineering, and mathematics to develop unique embedded security solutions for government and industrial customers.

Battelle has been trusted by elite government clients to solve some of the world’s hardest security problems. We work in small agile teams to push the bounds of computing technology. Our high-powered labs include specialized software and hardware, so our engineers have everything they need to invent new Cyber solutions.

Our team is casual putting results over formality. Team members can work flexible hours, and Battelle maintains a 9/80 schedule meaning employees have a chance to take every other Friday off.

We encourage new ideas with our large Internal Research and Development (IRAD) program where engineers work on projects they are passionate about. Inventors and innovators are rewarded by our industry leading IP compensation program. Our group works collaboratively with many parts of Battelle’s larger organization on projects ranging from genomics to robotics.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AND EXPECTATIONS

Aid in the design and implementation of machine learning, data mining, data fusion, and data engineering techniques applied to cyber security problems

Learn and become fluent in the details of security related domains in order to devise data driven solutions – this can range from software fuzzing to micro-electronic supply chain analysis

Improve existing techniques and devise new techniques to solve security data problems

Independently propose and develop creative solutions to unique problems, potentially leading IR&D projects

Identify and articulate strengths and weaknesses of solutions, conclusions and problem approaches during technical discussions.

THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS MUST BE MET TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION

Bachelor’s degree in STEM field (Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, or similar) or related work experience

Demonstrated experience developing in either Python or R.

Experience solving complex data problems

Experience applying machine learning, statistics and/or data mining techniques

Excitement about learning new technical subject areas and curiosity about cyber security problems

Must be a sole US citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a US government security clearance.

THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED, BUT NOT REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION

Experience with deep learning methods

Experience with the micro-electronic design workflow

Electronics bench skills such as digital and analog test & measurement

Ability to generate verification test benches for simulating and validating micro-electronic designs

Experience in vulnerability analysis for either software or hardware

Understanding of VHDL and/or Verilog hardware description languages.

Familiarity with compiled languages like C, C++, or rust

Familiarity with shell scripting languages like bash, zsh, or csh

Active Secret or Top-Secret Clearance

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.
