Description

Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.

Learn more about this role and how you can begin Working Right .

Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, Indiana for a Senior Data Scientist.Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Solves complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills. Researches, designs, implements and validates complex algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging complex statistical and predictive modeling concepts.

Participates in projects to support key objectives and business goals through the use of data science methodology

Leverages advanced analytics and data science to solve complex business problems

Creates multiple algorithms using complex statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools

Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities

Partners with IT resources to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and informs the design of analytical products

Partners with less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies

Qualifications

Qualifications

Skills

Abstract Reasoning - Envisions a solution before implementation by analyzing data, extracting patterns and relationships to establish a problem or solution's feasibility; develops new algorithms and analytical models using process diagrams, flow charts, and textual documentation to explain or conceptualize a complex problem.

Data Mining - Identifies relationships and patterns in data by using a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques using tools such as PowerBI, R Shiny, SAS JMP, and extracts insights into multivariate data by applying principles of multivariate data mining, small sample statistical inferential tests, dimension reduction techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Data Reduction - Performs data reduction in the context of data mining using variable selection techniques to maximize signal to noise ratio in large datasets for further predictive modeling.

Predictive Modeling - Develops statistical and machine learning models using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and performance metrics to generate descriptive, explanatory or predictive models.

Data Smoothing and Filtering - Creates an approximating function to capture important features (low-frequency structures) while leaving out noise (high-frequency structures) in the data using various algorithms like moving-averages, robust aggregation schemes, robust regression schemes, fourier transforms and Kalman filters for signal processing and smoothening noisy time series data.

Statistical Foundations - Builds statistical explanatory models for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as Null Hypotheses Significance Tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses or generate predictions for any given statistical or business question.

Text Analysis - Develops text analytics models using statistical techniques and natural language processing techniques such as word2vec, Latent Dirichlet Analysis (LDA), word frequency, sentiment analysis, key-phrase extraction, etc.to extract insights from, or build predictive models from unstructured text datasets.

Requirements Analysis - Evaluates relationships and interdependencies between requirements based upon their complexity and value to the business in order to determine feasibility and prioritization.

Programming - Creates, writes and tests computer code, test scripts, and build scripts using algorithmic analysis and design, Cummins IT processes, standard and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Tech savvy - Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications.

Balances stakeholders - Anticipating and balancing the needs of multiple stakeholders.

Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university, or equivalent degree in statistics, information systems or related field required. PhD or Master’s degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, or equivalent experience preferred

Experience

Minimum of 5 years of professional experience

This Job has been posted for Columbus, Indiana. But the job can be done remotely

Compensation and Benefits

Base annual salary commensurate with experience plus annual variable compensation. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today at careers.cummins.com

Job SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Primary Location United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, 525 Irwin Office Building IOB

Job Type Experienced - Exempt / Office

Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced

Job Posting Sep 3, 2019, 8:19:20 PM

Unposting Date Ongoing

Req ID: 19000484
