802 Delaware Avenue (18052), United States of America, Wilmington, Delaware 
At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. 
Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. 
Data Scientist, Bank Marketing, Principal Associate 
Data is at the center of everything we do. As a startup, we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making. 
As a Data Scientist at Capital One, youll be part of a team thats leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in computing and machine learning technologies and operating across billions of customer records to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time, and agony in their financial lives. 
 Team Description  
The   Bank Marketing Data Science team   builds the machine learning models that help our customers learn about the great products and experiences we have to offer. We do supervised learning and reinforcement learning using tech stacks AWS, Airflow, Python, and Spark. 
 Role Description  
 In this role, you will:   

Partner with a cross-functional team of data scientists, software engineers, and product managers to deliver a product customers love  

Leverage a broad stack of technologies  Python, Docker, AWS, Airflow, Spark, and more  to reveal the insights hidden within huge volumes of numeric and textual data  

Build machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, implementation, monitoring, and rapid refit  

Flex your interpersonal skills to translate the complexity of your work into tangible business results that win more customers business   
     The Ideal Candidate is:   

Customer first. You love the process of analyzing and creating, but also share our passion to do the right thing. You know at the end of the day its about making the right decision for our customers.  

Creative. You thrive on bringing definition to big, undefined problems. You love asking questions and pushing hard to find answers. Youre not afraid to share a new idea.  

A leader. You challenge conventional thinking and work with stakeholders to identify and improve the status quo. Your passionate about talent development for your own team and beyond.  

Technical. Youre comfortable with open-source languages and are passionate about developing further. You have hands-on experience developing data science solutions using open-source tools and cloud computing platforms.   
 Basic Qualifications:   

Bachelors Degree plus 4 years of experience in data analytics, or Masters Degree plus 2 years of experience in data analytics, or PhD  

At least 2 years experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis  

At least 2 years experience with machine learning  

At least 2 years experience with relational databases   
 Preferred Qualifications:   

PhD in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics)  

At least 1 year of experience working with AWS  

At least 4 years experience in Python, Scala, or R for large scale data analysis  

At least 4 years experience with machine learning  

At least 4 years experience with SQL   
Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Wilmington, DE 19894 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_98d1cc6ed4126d4db13b18510c90e13c
