JPMorgan Chase& Co  . (NYSE: JPM) is aleading global financial services firm with operations worldwide. The firm is aleader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and smallbusiness, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and assetmanagement. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase& Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of theworld's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients underits J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. isavailable at  http://www.jpmorganchase.com/ . 
 Our Firmwide RiskFunction   is focused oncultivating a stronger, unified culture that embraces a sense of personalaccountability for developing the highest corporate standards in governance andcontrols across the firm. Business priorities are built around the need tostrengthen and guard the firm from the many risks we face, financial rigor,risk discipline, fostering a transparent culture and doing the right thing inevery situation. We are equally focused on nurturing talent, respecting thediverse experiences that our team of Risk professionals bring and embracing aninclusive environment. 
 Chase Consumer& Community Banking (CCB)   serves consumers and small businesses with a broad range of financialservices, including personal banking, small business banking and lending,mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance, and investment advice.Consumer & Community Banking Risk Management partners with each CCBsub-line of business to identify, assess, prioritize, and remediate risk. Typesof risk that occur in consumer businesses include fraud, reputation,operational, credit, market and regulatory, among others. 
 The Portfolio Profitability Modeling team   is a center of excellence within CCB Card Risk Modeling, responsible for designingand developing machine learning profitability models which will be utilized in corecard strategies such as in line management, pricing, transaction authorization,etc. We focus on leveraging advanced machine learning modeling including ensemblemethods and deep learning to develop component models and optimal decisionengines for revenue growth and loss mitigation. 
 CCB-Risk-Card Portfolio Machine Learning Data Scientist Associate  
We are looking for candidateswith demonstrated expertise in machine learning to join our talented team. The candidate will be responsible for end-to-endmachine learning model design and development. Success inthis role requires a strong foundation in machine learning, coupled withexperience in big data and distributed computation.  Inthis highly visible role, the successful candidate will be able to think likean analytic leader with business acumen, collaborate in a teamenvironment, and communicate resultseffectively to senior management.  

Design and develop machine learning models anddecision support systems to drive impactful decisions for the card business inareas such as credit line and price assignment and ongoing management,transaction authorization, collection, etc.  

Utilize cutting-edge machine learningapproaches, and construct sophisticated machine learning models including ensemblemethods and deep learning architecture on big data platforms  

Manage end to end model development process, from data collection,development, validation, to documentation by collaboratingwith various cross functional partners in marketing, risk, finance, technology,model governance, etc. throughout the entire modeling lifecycle  

Partner with cross functional teams in making strategic choicesand investment decisions.  

Communicate effectively to senior leaders on opportunities,financial and process trade-offs  

 Qualifications:   

PhD or Mastersdegree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics orrelated quantitative fields  

Solid understandof advanced machine learning / AI / statistical learning in key areas e.g. gradientboosting, deep neural network, clustering, recommendation algorithms, GLM etc.  

Proficiency in advanced analytical languages (e.g., Scala, Python, R, SAS)and familiar with one or more framework of machine learning pipeline such astensor flow, scikit-learn, spark ml, deeplearning4j, SageMaker, Azure, SASeMiner etc.  

Experience with cloud computing platforms, such as AWS or Hadoop cluster.  

Experience with necessary IDEs, Linux command line tools etc.  

Comfortable to manipulate complex data flows among Hadoop, Teradata, SAS,S3, data files etc.  

Strong analytical, interpretive andproblem solving skills, which will require the ability to synthesize / analyzediverse information and develop recommendations from observed outcomes.  

Communication skills must be strong,with an ability and demonstrated experience in clearly presented analyticalfindings   
JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Wilmington, DE 19894 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_0385c590ecf5d3fabf523f8bd40cd901
