Data Scientist 
 If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! The set of problems that we tackle is incredibly diverse and complex. They cut across optimization, prediction, modeling, inference, and behavioral science. We research and develop the algorithms and models that make our solution intelligent, as well as implementing, scaling, and maintaining the code that powers our production systems.

The ideal candidate is a critical thinker with experience and background in commercial life science domain, passionate about solving mathematical and behavioral problems with data, and is excited about working in a fast-paced, innovative and collaborative environment.e.     What You Will Be Doing 
 Work with Data Scientists, Product Managers, Customer Success and Services teams to frame a problem, both mathematically and within the business context
Write production-level code; collaborate with Engineering team to implement algorithms in production and productize common solutions
Perform exploratory data analysis to gain a deeper understanding of the problem
Construct and fit statistical, machine learning and optimization models
Utilize commonly used computing and database environments to get the data that you need and implement a working prototype of the formulated model.
Learn and apply new methodologies in the intersection of applied math / probability / statistics / machine learning / computer science.
Make intelligent approximations to the model if required to make it scalable.
Analyze experimental and observational data; communicate findings; facilitate launch decisions
Identify data sources that could be used to test assumptions   What You Need for this Position 
 MS/PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, or related areas. Exceptionally strong candidates with a BS and relevant work experience welcome.
Proven track record of developing algorithms for production ready recommendation or prediction systems using languages and big data platforms such as Scala, Python, R, Java, Spark, Cassandra, and Hadoop
Experience working in an agile software development environment
Passion for solving unstructured and non-standard mathematical and behavioral problems
End-to-end experience with data, including querying, aggregation, analysis, and visualization
Experience implementing machine learning algorithms
Experience with analytics for commercial life science and pharma-specific analyses a big plus
Excellent communication and presentation skills, being able to explain complex problems and the solutions applied, feeling comfortable in being part of the sales process, supporting the sales team, engaging with customers and presenting technical solutions to a nontechnical audience
Experience in data science and data analytics for life science industry especially in GTM strategy and execution a big plus
High-energy self-starter with a passion for your work, attention to detail, and a positive attitude
Great team player, willingness to collaborate and communicate with others to solve a problem.    
 So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!   - 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 

                        All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.                     


Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94102 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         SM1-151196937
