We are looking for&nbsp;Data Scientists to be responsible for the optimization technologies that are the foundation components of our platform. In this role, you will work alongside research scientists and engineers in the design and implementation of data-driven algorithms that enhance the performance of our system.

 What You'll Be Doing:   
Passion for &ldquo;playing&rdquo; with tons of data and supporting scientific experiments to improve and validate the performance of algorithms. 
Apply deep, creative, rigorous thinking to solve broad, platform-wide technical and/or business problems. 
Provide guidance and develop other managers and senior members of the Data Science Team;&nbsp;Educate, mentor and collaborate, both to build out specific projects and to continuously teach and learn new technology and techniques. 
Support teammates in&nbsp;using machine-learning techniques, visualizations, and statistical analysis to gain insight into various data sets &ndash; some of which are readily available, and some of which we create and curate ourselves (using technology such as Hadoop, Hive or Spark). 
Guide team in researching, designing, simulating and/or prototyping new algorithmic product features according to business need. 
Communicate&nbsp;findings and solutions clearly to a variety of audiences, by drafting clear, comprehensive specs for engineers or explaining algorithmic concepts to product managers. 
Represent our perspective in cross-functional projects, along with&nbsp;the company at large. 
Actively seek out a broad understanding of the Tremor platform, product, and value proposition, and align design efforts accordingly.  
 You...   
Knowledge of SQL and several scripting languages including Unix shell programming. 
Understanding of machine learning techniques. 
Experience with Hadoop and working with multi-terabyte systems. 
At least 3 years of development in a Unix environment. 
Strong Skills in statistical analysis and debugging. 
PhD in Statistics or Computer Science desired. 
Able to communicate fluently in English.   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software
