Job Description:  
Contributes to the strategic vision and integrates a broad range of ideas regarding setting the strategy around gathering, organizing, and extracting qualitative and quantitative relationships and trends from large amounts of data. Recognized across the organization for organizing and developing data warehouses for optimal decision support. Leads the design, development and implementation of complex data management, storage applications, often using new technologies. Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques, and evaluation criterion for obtaining results. Work leadership may be provided by assigning work and resolving problems. Requires a Bachelors degree or advanced degree and /or equivalent experience in related IS/IT discipline. Excellent written and verbal communication skills coupled with ability to translate business strategy into achievable tactics. Typically over 10 years of related IT experience. 
LOB Job Description: 
Workspace Services: GSDE team is looking for a hands-on Senior Data Scientist II to undertake multiple advanced analytics initiatives like Persona Prediction Engine, Speech-to-Text conversion, Self-Serve analytics on Hadoop Data Lake, etc. that will enable us deliver Operational Excellence and provide actionable insights to business users. The Data Scientist is responsible for executing the full-scope of advanced analytic techniques with the objectives of creating quantitative and qualitative models, data mining, causal inferences, predictions, optimizations, and recommendations for CTO Workspace Services - Global Service Desk and Experience team. 
The Chief Technology Organization: 
             Believes diversity makes us stronger so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world. 
             Is committed to building a workplace where every employee is welcomed and given the support and resources to perform their jobs successfully. 
             Wants to be a great place for people to work and strives to create an environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. 
             Provides continuous training and development opportunities to help employees achieve their career goals, whatever their background or experience. 
             Is committed to advancing our tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve our clients and their evolving business needs. 
             Believes in responsible growth and is dedicated to supporting our communities by connecting them to the lending, investing and giving them what they need to remain vibrant and vital. 
The Data Scientist is responsible for executing the full-scope of advanced analytic techniques with the objectives of creating quantitative and qualitative models, data mining, causal inferences, predictions, optimizations, and recommendations for CTO Workspace Services - Global Service Desk and Experience team.This position is for a self-starter with leadership qualities, responsible for formulating and managing projects, as well as developing data science models, and working with key business, data and technology leaders to establish roadmaps and deliver high value analytic projects.  Position requires strong command of various data mining and advanced analytical techniques to produce easy to use analytical solutions. 
Required Skills: 
 2 - 5 years of professional experience as a data scientist executing complex analytical projects 
 2 + years of text analytics experience 
 Strong programming experience with Python, Tensorflow, Scikit-learn, CUDA and pandas 
 Knowledge of Big Data Architectures and Cloud computing 
 Experience with Hadoop/Hive, Neo4J, Apache Spark, Kafka and MongoDB is a plus 
 Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau, Kibana, etc. 
 Knowledge of machine-learning techniques, classifiers and statistical methods 
 Hands-on experience with natural language processing techniques including Sentiment analysis, Word embeddings 
 Experience with Speech-to-Text is a plus 
 Advanced degree, or equivalent experience, in mathematics, data science or other quantitative discipline 
 Demonstrated success in executing high value, enterprise projects with clear articulation of benefits, costs and risk 
 Superb communication, coaching and management skills across multiple business stakeholders and IT as well as external partners 
 Desire to use modern technologies as a disruptive influence within the Finance domain 
 Posting Date  : 08/23/2019 
 Location  : 
Charlotte, NC, HEARST TOWER, 214 N TRYON ST, 
Richardson, TX, BUILDING C, 2380 PERFORMANCE DR,  
United States  
 Travel  : Yes, 10% of the time 
 Full / Part-time  : Full time 
 Hours Per Week  : 40 
 Shift  : 1st shift 
 Assistance for Applicants with Disabilities  
Bank of America is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the Applicants with Disabilities page  at http://careers.bankofamerica.com/us/applicants-with-disabilities . 
 Diversity & Inclusion  
At Bank of America, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
 Frequently Asked Questions  
Need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? Visit our FAQ  at http://careers.bankofamerica.com/us/faq section for answers to these questions and more. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Richardson, TX 75080 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_993f5bf53ab265b6bed794519557e962
