We are looking for a data scientist with a deep passion for gaming to join our Snap Games team! Snap Games was launched in April 2019 with the belief that games have the power to deepen our relationships with friends and family.

As an integral member of our new games team located in our Santa Monica, CA headquarters, you will play a leading role in developing our ability to analyze data and make strategic, data-informed decisions. You will collaborate closely with product management, partnerships, game design, and engineering to create inventive, data-based approaches to solving difficult business and product problems. You will create detailed analyses on the performance of our games and products. You will help to identify industry trends and portfolio gaps. Your output will become an indispensable resource for our team, who will rely heavily on your insights to inform critical decisions in our games business.

We celebrate those who aren’t afraid to see things differently and who embrace new challenges. Together, we can create an innovative gaming platform that rewards the creativity of game developers from around the world. Snap is just getting started with gaming, and we’re excited for you to help us unfold that story.

What you’ll do:

Proactively develop new analyses and data-driven tools to create and scale insights on our players, our products, and our games

Analyze existing and future games holistically across various dimensions to assess their merits (game design, game mechanics, balance, art, game economy, total addressable audience, etc.)

Create and test hypotheses

Create visuals and dashboards to effectively report your insights

Conduct thorough playtests and reviews of proposals and prototypes for evaluation across various success metrics

Compile regular reports on specific genres or industry trends via infographics, visuals, and research synthesis

Monitor consumer trends across the PC, Console, and Mobile gaming landscapes and share findings with internal teams

Minimum Qualifications:

BS degree in math, statistics, economics, computer science, or other quantitative field

3+ years of experience working in the gaming industry

2+ years of experience analyzing large data sets, visualizing information, and informing company strategy

Fluency in SQL or other big data querying language

A deep understanding of gameplay systems and mechanics

Preferred Qualifications:

MS or Ph.D degree in math, statistics, economics, computer science, or other quantitative field

A strong passion for video games and other interactive entertainment!

A wealth of experience in playing games, with a focus on mobile and social online games.

Strong understanding of free-to-play, social gaming, and game monetization

A detail-oriented, organized person with outstanding communication skills at macro and micro levels

A fast learner who is self-motivated, curious, and open-minded

Ability to thrive in an environment with big challenges, broad impact, and quick turnaround times
