Position is with the VA McLean Customer and requires an active TS/SCI with Full Scope Poly clearance.Position is funded and vacant and the customer is actively looking to hire someone quickly!This organization is tasked with managing data scientists and facilitating data science work and training. The data science mission is to help the Sponsor’s customers and leaders make data-driven decisions. Two of the Sponsor’s areas of responsibility are training and outreach.  The Sponsor produces internal data science training and manages external data science training for our data scientists.  The Sponsor identifies, maintains, and manages connections and joint projects with individual, commercial, and academic data science persons and organizations. The Sponsor is creating a combined staff and contractor team to accomplish these objectives. The sponsor requires the consulting services as part of that team. The resource shall consult on a full-range of data science topics as they arise in the course of data science training and outreach activities.  In concert with The Sponsor, the Data Scientist shall work cooperatively with and provide data science content to a training course designer, a training support officer, and a training course director, already on staff. The Data Scientist shall work with the course designer, course director, and course instructors to help prepare the training materials (classroom exercises, study guides, web-based training, etc.).  In concert with The Sponsor, the Data Scientist shall engage with both industry and the public sector on issues relating to computer programming, statistical analysis, mathematical modeling, visualizing and communicating results, and on the analytic methods of a particular subject.  From time to time, the Data Scientist shall be called upon to consult with working-level data scientists on the appropriate use of particular data science approaches, tools, and methods.  From time to time, the Data Scientist shall be called upon to deliver briefings, lectures, and seminars on various data science topics.  The Data Scientist shall also assist the Sponsor in creating strategic frameworks for data science training and outreach. Above all, the Data Scientist shall be an example of bringing data science thinking to bear on all aspects of the work being performed.Required SkillsRequirementsCandidate should possess experience in at least six of the following seven skill area categories. For each skill category, proposed candidates should indicate what kind of experience and education they possess in each (e.g. Programming Linux, Java, and Python), how they acquired the skill (coursework completed, independent learning undertaken, on-the-job experience), and any examples of how they demonstrated or taught their skills to others, such as delivery of an application (e.g. commitment to a code repository, web application deployment) or written product (e.g. technical presentation, poster session, blog entry). 1.Programming languages (at least one) e.g., Linux, Python, R, SQL, Java, C++, Javascript, PHP. Statistics (at least one) e.g., Inference, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Graph, Time Series. Data (at least one) e.g., Data Cleaning, Data Mining, Hadoop, Hbase. Math (at least one) e.g., Linear Algebra, Calculus, Probability. Methods (at least one) e.g., NLP, Modeling, Simulation, Research Design, Network Analysis, Geo-spatial. Data Stories (at least one) e.g., Visual analytics, Presentation graphics, MS-Excel, Tableau. Teaching (at least one) e.g., Classroom instruction, design of web-based training.BenefitsLeading Path is an award winning Information Technology and Management Consulting firm focused on providing solutions in process, technology, and operations to our government and Fortune 500 clients. We offer a professional and supportive family-friendly work environment with a strong work-life balance. Leading Path provides a comprehensive and competitive benefits package, 401K, tuition reimbursement and opportunities for professional growth and advancement.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Reston, VA 20190 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         7484_1030318636
