Sr. Data Scientist, Internal Audit    -    1904552   # 
 Description  
The Santander Bank IA & CRR Data Analytics team supports all other US audit and credit risk review teams in successfully employing the use of advanced data analytics in audits. 
The position of Senior Associate, Data Science plays a key senior role in contributing to the development, execution, monitoring, and evaluation of the data analytics audit strategy and delivery across US. This role will work directly with the Manager to provide Subject Matter Expertise and lead the team's continued enhancement of data analytics, data mining, and continuous auditing strategies and tactics. 
The successful candidate will be an Analytics evangelist bringing their innovation, critical thinking, influencing, industry and functional expertise while leveraging advanced analytics to drive successful audits. 
 Responsibilities:   

Build and develop an extensive analytics catalogue that includes automated scripts that can be utilized across all audits and within continuous auditing roll out  

Provides analytics support and leadership across lifecycle initiatives: originations, line management, portfolio/customer risk management, capital risk management, and collections & recovery.  

Partners with business and audit teams to gather and process data, provides feedback on patterns and insights based on detailed data analysis.  

Engages the right technical and/or business partners, and collaborates with a wide range of teams to readily share results and lessons learned.  

Develops dashboards and related reports to create more compelling visuals that highlight impactful insights which are easier to consume for key stakeholders.  

Conducts data exploration, hypothesis creation, algorithm testing, and scaling to large data-sets.  

Performs large-scale data mining and data science projects as well as ad hoc statistical and data mining analyses.  

Researches and develops predictive analytics for continuous auditing of business processes using problem sets based on structured and unstructured data.  

Support education and skill building of audit and credit risk review team members to deliver base level of DA competency and raise awareness of DA benefits  

Presents results of analyses to business auditor teams, explain technical and statistical concepts to non-technical/non-statistical associates and vice-versa.    # 
 Qualifications  
 Qualifications   

Typically has 7 to 9+ years of experience performing data analysis, statistical and/or modeling using data analytics tools like SAS, SQL, R, Python and/or ACL, internal controls, and/or external/internal financial audit  

Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or related study  

Demonstrated experience with any and all of the following: credit decision engine packages, statistical techniques, statistics software packages, small business/commercial risk assessment, retail and wholesale capital calculations, and data mining techniques.  

Demonstrated leadership experience and ability to work independently.  

Strong knowledge of distributed computing, data warehouse, data mining, business analytics and software development.  

Strong analytics background with attention to details to deliver quality results.  

Ability to conceptualize and execute analytical work based on broad business objectives.  

Ability to accept and meet deadlines, involving effective time management capacity.  

Ability to quickly learn new tools and understand new areas of data.  

A passion for detail, accuracy, reliability and speed coupled with desire for data exploration to reveal deeper insights, business process improvement opportunities and areas of potential risk  

Ability to analyze large, complex data sets in order to identify common themes and solutions  

Inquisitive nature, resourceful, and an ability to seek out information  

Understanding of data reconciliation requirements, including the identification, evaluation, and resolution of data anomalies  

High degree of customer orientation, and excellent communication skills to connect with people and management styles across different cultures and communicate technical IT / data topics to non-technical personnel  

Ability to demonstrate understanding of data governance concepts  

Practical experience with data extraction and analytics tools and application across the audit lifecycle   
 Preferred Skills   

At least 3 to 5 years of progressive experience in Internal Audit  

Certified in SAS, ACL, Tableau or any other programming experience  

Proficiency in statistical data analysis or modeling languages (SAS, R, Python, Spark, etc.)  

Experience using data visualization tools (Excel, SAS Visual Analytics, Tableau, PowerBI, Qlik, etc.)  

CISA, CDMP certifications or interest in obtaining a certification in one of these disciplines  

Experience working with data warehousing.  

Experience working with multi-located teams.  

A passion for data     Job    :  Data Science   Primary Location    :  Texas-Dallas-1601 Elm Street - 02302 - Dallas  #   Organization    :  Internal Audit US (SSY_8880)   Schedule    :  Full-time   Job Posting    :  Aug 21, 2019, 8:50:25 PM 
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/Vet/Disabled/SO 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dallas, TX 75215 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_4e992e4d01f22d2bec8f3f2da33cf055
