Req ID: 62398BR 
Job Description 
Aetna's Medicare Business Intelligence Center of Excellence team supports the Medicare organization by embedding deep analytical insights into key decision processes and focusing on variety of complex business problems. We use advanced analytics, machine learning and business intelligence tools to generate actionable insights by leveraging big data within a cutting edge environment. Were focused on creating new opportunities that drive change in areas such as Medicare stars, Service Operations, Medication Adherence, Market Enablement, Population Health Management, Member Experience, DSNP (Dual Special Needs Population) and Retention 
Our Senior Data Scientists will lead and participate in the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools to support our Medicare Stars business. Solves complex analytical problems. 
Opportunity can be work from home or office based depending on location. Willing to consider candidates based on your location  in the US ONLY  
Fundamental Components included but are not limited to: 
(*) Develops and/or uses algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes for our Medicare Stars Organization  
(*) Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and/or complex business problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and broad knowledge of the organization and/or industry. 
(*) Collaborates with business partners to understand their problems and goals, develop predictive modeling, statistical analysis, data reports and performance metrics. 
(*) Develops and participates in presentations and consultations to existing and prospective constituents on analytics results and solutions. 
(*) Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization. 
( ) Use strong knowledge in algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions. ( ) Use strong programming skills (Machine Learning, R, Python, SAS and Tableau) to explore, examine and interpret large volumes of data in various forms. 
Qualifications Requirements and Preferences: 
(*) Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners. 
(*) Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur. 
(*) Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources. 
(*) Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and in-depth specialization in some areas. 
(*) 5 or more years of progressively complex related experience. 
(*) Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline. 
(*) Master s degree or PhD preferred. 
Required Skills: 
General Business - Communicating for Impact, General Business - Consulting for Solutions, General Business - Ensuring Project Discipline 
Desired Skills: 
Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Leadership - Developing and Executing Strategy, Leadership - Driving Strategic and Organizational Agility 
Benefit Eligibility 
Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. 
Job Function: Data & Analytics 
Aetna is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veterans status. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Baton Rouge, LA 70873 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_81c2279ba8cfb2bcb56134ef366fe9d4
