OGSystems - Company Overview  
Why be a government contractor when you can be a government innovator? Come work for an organization that has creativity, innovation, and drive rooted throughout its DNA. We are not like the others. 
At OGSystems we dont just create the best solutions we execute them in collaboration with our customers. Creating the best solutions starts with the best ideas and that requires the best people. We want people willing to out hustle the haters until they ask if we are hiring. Own The Outcome and join our culture of innovation and creativity. 
 Bring It!  
 Senior Data Scientist   

 Clearance  :Must currently possess an active TS/SCI security clearance and be able to obtain a polygraph level clearance after hire  

 Location  : Hillcrest Heights, MD  

 Years of Experience  : 7 yearsOGSystems is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to provide data management and automation support. Data management solutions created must be built with SFNP modernization objectives in mind. Modernization objectives include modernized database applications as well as other enterprise activities (e.g., GEOINT Workbench Foundation)   
 Own It!  
 Responsibilities:   

Develop a modernized data management workflow for programs  

Coordinate utilization and sustainment of the new database management processes and workflows with database developers and analysts  

Research and understand current workflows  

Plan new workflows ensuring automation is built in  

Ensure new workflows have ability to be integrated seamlessly with modernized database applications and enterprise-level APIs  

Additional duties may include converting MapInfo (MapBasic) scripts to Python  

Implementing enterprise database management processes   
 Required Qualifications    :   

A Bachelors Degree in a related field with 7+ years of experience.  

Strong communication skills both written and verbal.  

Experience with Geospatial Data Sciences  

Must currently possess an active TS/SCI security clearance and be able to obtain a polygraph level clearance after hire   
 Dream It!   

Challenging work in support of US Intelligence Community - a Mission that Matters!  

Access to our State of the art custom facility.  

Crazy smart and collaborative coworkers.  

Regular engagement with company leadership  

Support for new ideas & encouragement to take risks  

Medical  

Dental  

Vision  

Life Insurance  

Disability (Short and Long Term)  

Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D)  

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  

Flexible Spending Accounts  

401(k) with company match  

Paid Time Off  

Tuition Reimbursement  

Stock Options *  Based on Career Level    
OGSystems is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
Refer a Friend 
 Job ID    2019-2433  
 Category    Statistics/Data Science  
 Security Clearance Level    Top Secret/SCI  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hillcrest Heights, MD 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_506a7ddc45b69ddb27cb38c976cf29ac
