ACS group has an immediate need for a  Bioinformatics/Data Scientist  with experience in the [Industry 
Type] Industry. This is a  11-12 months contract opportunity  (with long-term potential - only 
include if relevant) and is in  Pennington, NJ.  Our client is a leading pharmaceutical company. 
 Please review the job description below:  
 Top Skills:    
Data Science 
Large datasets 
Data mining 
Fresh Ph.D  
    Key Responsibilities:  
Analyze large scale kinome screening assays to identify kinase inhibition profiles of in-house compounds. 
Mine large-scale external data sets to further our understanding of kinase inhibition mechanisms. 
Integrate multiple datasets (including transcriptomic, proteomic, and chemical) to identify potential drug candidates and investigate molecular pathways affected by the compounds for potential off target effects. 
Use machine learning algorithms to develop analysis pipelines to inform chemists and biologists of chemical structures that may lead to improved kinase inhibition 
    
 Key Requirements and Technology Experience:  
Recent Ph.D. in bioinformatics, engineering, statistics, physics, molecular biology, genetics, or a similar discipline. 
Experience working with large scale datasets. 
Strong background in data science for mining databases to analyze and interpret biological and/or chemical data. 
Basic background in molecular biology is preferred. 
Experience with machine learning is preferred. 
Proficiency using R and Bioconductor packages is preferred 
  
If it creates an interest for you, please email me the latest copy of your resume. 
Thanks, and Regards 
 Deepansh Arora  
Team Recruitment
 ACS Group 
US: 972-406-5060 
Email:  
 
 ABOUT ACS GROUP.  - ACS Group is a premier provider of IT Consulting, Engineering Consulting, Healthcare, Talent, and Workforce Management Solutions to Fortune 1000 companies globally. Our operating brands have provided targeted services and solutions for more than 50 years. We serve our clients through four operating companies:
 * AIC
 *Analysts
 *ComforceHealth
 *HireGenics
  Recent Recognitions: 
 #Largest Minority-Owned IT Staffing Firm in the U.S. (2018 SIA)
 # No. 8 Largest IT Staffing Firm in the U.S. (2018 SIA)
 #Inavero's Best of Staffing® Client Diamond Award (2018).
 #National Class lV Supplier of the Year Finalist and a Regional Class IV Supplier of the Year by NMSDC
 #Inavero's Best of Staffing®Client Diamond Award Winner(2017) 
 
 Website:  www.acsicorp.com    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Pennington, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals; Healthcare Services; Medical Devices and Supplies 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Doctorate 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         176195_1567691805
