This position will be responsible for enabling our students facing/supporting staff and leadership in their goals and initiatives aimed at setting up our students for better success and also, enable our business development teams in expanding the reach for University - both on-campus and online - courses. The sr. data scientist will be responsible for delivering forecasting and data science needs to our business partners by actively identifying opportunities, providing actionable, insightful analysis and designing scalable programs. 

Essential duties and responsibilities of this position include the following:   
Work on all aspects of creating predictive intelligence including collecting requirements, establish analytics work plan, data exploration, cleansing, and preparation, identifying features, selecting algorithms, building and testing models, iteratively improving solutions 
Look for opportunities to enrich company s data quality with external third party sources 
Build and leverage machine learning models like gradient boosting trees, random forest, etc. or high quality prediction systems like recommender engines, to advance the current suite of analytical capabilities and drive better targeting strategies 
Deliver high quality and rich insights to answer questions, with a focus on cause and effect relationships; should be able to deliver solutions fit for external audience or senior leadership, with minimal guidance 
Leverage superior story-telling skills to deliver insights that are clear, concise and actionable 
Contribute to and maintain the state-of-the-art data science ecosystem that enables the larger team to leverage these data science products/packages for their needs 
Take initiative with relevant partners and stakeholders   clearly lay out the problem, scope out the solution, divide up the work (as needed), align on timelines/scope and milestones  

Minimum Qualifications:   
6+ year of experience, with Bachelor s degree in Applied Math, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or other quantitative field, working as a data scientist or in a similar role 
4+ year of experience, with Masters in above mentioned quantitative fields, working as a data scientist or in a similar role 
Experience with working in a business development role; having experience in interacting with senior leadership is highly desirable 
Experience with working and operating with minimal guidance 
Strong knowledge of applied statistics skills, such as statistical testing, propensity matching, statistical modeling, classification, etc. 
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees   GBM, XGBoost, etc. 
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, Caret, PySpark, NumPy, etc. Excellence in more of these is highly desirable 
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, or Hive 
Data-oriented personality, combined with superior communication skills  

Preferred Qualifications:   
Familiarity with advanced visualization tools and techniques 
Proven ability to mentor and/or supervise efforts of other Data Science resources in the team 
Experience with text mining   NLP, Sentiment Analysis, etc. is highly desirable 
PhD degree in above mentioned quantitative fields  

Work Hours:   
Monday through Friday 8:00am   4:30pm, with the ability to work nights/weekends as business needs require. 

A background check is required for employment. Please submit a cover letter, in addition to your resume, with your application.  

Why Join SNHU?  
Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU), founded in 1932, is a private, nonprofit, accredited institution located in Manchester, New Hampshire. We value teamwork, openness and diversity, and believe every employee has a voice in driving our success. We re proud to have been recognized as a Great College to Work for by the Chronicle of Higher Education every year since its inception. Our competitive benefits package includes tuition reimbursement, employer contribution to Retirement Plan, affordable Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage, and generous paid-time off.  We re constantly seeking creative, collaborative, and hard-working talent to join our team! Come be a part of innovation and education! 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Manchester, NH 03103 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_e6fa5b49a9febd78a23c9153d22314ca
