Wordstream is looking for a data scientist that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter recommendations. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with WordStream Advisor. As a data scientist, you will own the creation of KPIs and KPMs, define standards on measurement, reporting, and reviewing the metrics to enable WordStream to provide product intelligence. This position involves regular communication with senior management on project status and risks. Cross-team coordination, project management, and executive presentation skills are essential. 
WordStream is an industry leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) product company voted #1 in customer satisfaction in the search advertising sector. Our purpose is to help SMBs succeed and grow by helping SMBs across our country and the world get the most out of their digital marketing dollars. Connected to some of the largest companies in the world, Wordstream is partnered with Google, Bing and Facebook to help our customers market their businesses. WordStream also strives to make a difference in the lives of the people in our community. We are committed to corporate social responsibility and believe that it is our duty to give back through volunteering and charitable donations. If you are driven by taking action, winning together and believe transparency is the only way to be, we want to hear from you! 
A little about the job...  

Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets  

Own the analysis, modelling, system design, and development of data science solutions for products  

Own the data science elements of WordStream products to help with data based decision making, product performance optimization, and product performance tracking  

Initiate the design, development, and implementation of scientific analysis projects or deliverables  

Work directly with product managers to help drive the design of the product  

Help promote broader analytics initiatives across the organization   
Requirements 
A little about you...  

5+ years of practical experience with a BS or MS or PhD in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics  

Must have at least 3+ years of experience in each of the following skills:  

Writing complex SQL queries  

Working with large datasets  

Using a scripting language like Python for data analysis  

Experience using BI and visualization tools  

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Random Forest, etc. Experience with TensorFlow a plus  

Proven ability to perform statistical analysis and experience with tools such as SAS, R, or equivalent  

Experience with cloud computing services like AWS  

Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team  

Excellent communication skills   
Benefits 
A little about our many benefits...  

Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)  

Health Savings Account (HSA) & Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA)  

401k Retirement Savings Plan & Company Match  

Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)  

Unlimited PTO (Trust and accountability-based)  

Parental Leave (PPL), Family Medical Leave (FML), and Adoption Assistance  

Short Term & Long Term Disability (STD, LTD)  

Pet Insurance, Accident Insurance,and Critical Illness Insurance  

Donation Matching and Volunteer Matching  

Tuition Assistance Program  

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  

Employee Discounts: Auto Insurance, Student Loan Consolidation Options, Cell Phone Carriers, Vacations, and Restaurants  

Legal and Identity Theft Protection Plans  

Wellbeing & Wellness (Gym membership discounts, online wellness program membership)  

Monthly company breakfasts  

Standing desks, cold brew on tap, company-sponsored community events, and an A+ office setup   
A little about WordStream and our market space... 
Located in the heart of Bostons Back Bay, our open workspace lends itself to cross-departmental collaboration (and a fair bit of fun, too). The high-energy, innovative environment has helped us develop a suite of cloud-based tools--which enable ad management and optimization across Google search, shopping, and display; Facebook; Instagram; and Bing--capable of meeting the changing needs of our customers. 
Boston Business Journal, MITX, Inc. Magazine, and countless other organizations--both regional and national--have recognized WordStream as one of the countrys fastest growing companies and an exceptional place to work: And were just getting started. 
Interested in contributing to industry-shaping innovation, enjoying a positive workspace, earning competitive pay, and advancing your career? Become part of the WordStream team today! 
WordStream is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, education, political affiliation or veteran status.  LI-MC1 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02298 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_65109fb0c98e093f4673cc7483ca5cd7
