Lead Data Scientist  
 WHO WE ARE  
Zume is on a quest to be the most powerful source of health and well-being on the planet. To achieve our objective, we must facilitate the provision of wholesome, affordable food on a global scale and in a sustainable manner. We are meeting this challenge by providing an end-to-end, scalable platform that reduces the time and distance between clean food sources and dense population centers, using cutting-edge automation and transportation logistics. By developing better tools and processes, we can feed people healthier, sustainably-grown food, delivered fresh and free from chemical stabilization. 
 THE ROLE  
We're expanding our fleet of vehicles that can autonomously prepare food in-transit. We've proven that we can do it with Pizza now we're going to scale it to all prepared food. 
The problem we need to solve is a combination of Uber's ride scheduling problem with Amazon's autonomous supply chain problem, but to make things more tricky food needs to show up freshly prepared, so timing is critical. And that is just the tip of the iceberg of where we're going.  To scale we're going to need to solve a lot of really hard problems that call for a world class data science team. That s where you come in.  
This is a rare opportunity to get in at the early stages of a growing team, in a rapidly growing company. We're looking for one of the next leaders in the industry. If that s you, lets talk. 
 Basic Qualifications:   
7+ years industry experience along with 4+ years data science either Optimization, Stochastic Processes, Deep Learning or reinforcement learning. 
Hands on data scientist with practical experience building predictive models using diverse data sources in a production environment. 
3+ Software development experience in python 
Specialists in at least one of (convex) optimization, stochastic processes, time series, and machine learning.  
 Preferred 
 Qualifications   
PhD or Advanced Degree in CS, Applied Math, Statistics, or other scientific field strongly preferred. 
Practical experience with machine learning methods, common cloud based data analysis tools and frameworks (Hadoop, Spark, SQL, R, etc) 
Familiarity with hardware / robotics 
Understanding of supply chains 
Previous experience at a start-up 
Strong mathematical, statistical background  
 WHAT WE OFFER   
100% company-paid Medical, Dental, and Vision for you and 75% for your dependents 
Ownership via RSU's 
Flexible Time Off 
Daily catered lunch 
Free and discounted pizza! 
The opportunity to work with an incredibly supportive team of thinkers and innovators 
Dog friendly office  
Zume provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Mountain View, CA 94039 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_4d86e3895a842b11ba5c5e4b4f585d37
