The Role  
We're looking for a highly entrepreneurial Data Scientist to incubate our Analytics function focused on maximizing platform liquidity by formulating marketplace practices that strengthen the mutuality of interest between buyers and sellers on the company s exchange. 
The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with big data sets, and will have experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a marketplace-based business. This position is based full time in our New York, NY office and will initially report into our Co-founder & President. 
 About TripleLift  
TripleLift is the technology company that invents, powers and scales ads that earn consumer attention. 
Having set the standard for respectful advertising, the company leverages its dynamic templating and computer vision technologies to flawlessly deliver and scale in-feed native ads, branded content experiences and programmatic OTT brand integrations that match the look and feel of the content that is being consumed. TripleLift is reshaping the digital advertising landscape with consumer centric advertising that drives results for advertisers and unlocks new revenue streams for digital media publishers, app developers and television networks. 
Headquartered in New York City, TripleLift has offices across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. For more information about TripleLift, please visit triplelift. com 
 Responsibilities   
Apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how and why our customers buy and sell media on our platform 
Partner with commercial and technical teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities 
Inform, influence, support, and execute key platform decisions and launches 
Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to:  
Understanding ecosystems, customer behaviors, and trends 
Defining, evaluating, and monitoring key platform metrics 
Understanding root causes of changes in metrics 
Identifying new levers to help move key metrics 
Designing and evaluating experiments 
Building models of customer behaviors for analysis 
Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis 
Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to platform teams 
Influencing platform teams through presentation of data-based recommendations 
Spreading best practices to platform teams   
 Qualifications   
5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis 
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field 
Proficiency in SQL and scripting languages (e. g, PHP, Python, Perl, etc) 
Ability to communicate the results of analyses with platform and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the platform 
Understanding of statistics (e. g, hypothesis testing, regressions) 
Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (e. g, R, SAS) or other methods 
Experience automating analyses and authoring pipelines using analytics frameworks such as Databricks  
 Benefits and Company Perks   
Amazing company culture 
Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 
Ongoing professional development 
Comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision insurance 
Equity options 
401(k) program 
Snacks on snacks on snacks 
Yoga, massages, and meals  
 TripleLift Awards   
Inc. Magazine s list of fastest-growing companies - 2017, 2018, 2019 
Crain s Best Places to Work - 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 
Forbes Next Billion Dollar Companies - 2018 Inc. 
Crain s Fast 50, Fastest Growing Companies in New York - 2017, 2018 
Deloitte Technology Fast 500 - 2017, 2018 
CEO & Co Founder Eric Berry won the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year 2019 New York Marketing and Advertising Award  
Note: 
 The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) 
 is a federal labor law of general and nationwide application, including Overtime, Minimum Wages, Child Labor Protections, and the Equal Pay Act. This role is a FLSA exempt role.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10261 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_04530eb534ad1c4a4f2743adb5a1bf39
