RII develops cutting-edge software for the government and military.  We use agile development practices and user-centered design to create innovative software solutions for complex real-world problems.  We're breaking through the big, slow status quo with transformative technology that fundamentally changes and improves the world. Our team is currently seeking high-quality contributors for a variety of positions in the Northern Virginia area.  Our projects include developing complex, web client server applications; developing mobile device applications and prototypes; developing Big Data and machine learning solutions; architecting and prototyping complex distributed command and control network applications. If you are a sharp data scientist, computational researcher, or experienced analyst with demonstrated capabilities in implementing statistically validated analytical solutions we want to hear from you.  Joining RII not only provides unique challenges and opportunities, it also directly and positively impacts many of our Defense and Homeland Security end users.

WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 
 Identify, develop, and evaluate statistical methods and machine learning capabilities in support of multiple customer projects Maintain awareness of current and emerging capabilities in statistical methods, machine learning, and analytical technologies and how these apply to solving our customers  challenges Develop captivating solutions by collaborating with customers and development team Document use cases, solutions, & recommendations to customers 

WHAT YOU HAVE DONE 
 BS in a computational field (e. g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Astrophysics), or equivalent work experience Proficient software development in Python or Java Experience in statistical modeling with uncertainty quantification/performance estimation Experience performing exploratory analysis   cleaning, joining, enriching, statistical modeling, and prototyping visualizations to identify latent trends and patterns Experience curating training and analysis datasets   cleaning, enriching, joining, annotating, and crowdsourcing data for creating and evaluating production models Working knowledge of databases (NoSQL and relational)

EVEN BETTER 
 MS or PhD in a computational field (e. g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Astrophysics), or equivalent work experience Experience designing, developing, training, tuning, and deploying learning models in current ML frameworks (e. g., Tensorflow, PyTorch, Theano, Caffe, Spark MLib, etc.) Excellent understanding of ETL and data analytics platforms Experience with Agile Methodologies Experience with natural language processing techniques and technologies Extensive experience with model transfer techniques and methodologies Experience applying machine learning techniques to sparse data sets  Experience with data quality and data profiling toolsThis position requires ability to obtain a US security clearance.  A current active clearance is not required. Research Innovations, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Alexandria, VA 22350 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_74dbfd64c6eed1f997e396f7ee0a1812
