Alternate Locations: Boston, MA (Massachusetts); Greensboro, NC (North Carolina) 
Relocation assistance will be considered/provided for this opportunity within our company guidelines. 
Requisition #60412 
 About the Company  
Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 company with over 10,000 employees, provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence. Our core business areas  Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection  focus on supporting, preserving and enhancing over 17 million customers lifestyles and retirement outcomes. 
Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE: LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $253 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2017. 
Ranked one of the Best Large Employers in America by Forbes magazine, Lincoln Financial Group makes a serious investment in our employees futures through a broad range of wealth accumulation and protection plans, health and wellness programs, and career development resources designed to help each individual reach their personal and professional goals. 
 The Role  
Join the high-energy data science and business experts in Lincolns Life Solutions Data Analytics group as we drive business value and innovation through data. As a Data Scientist, you will support the Life In-force Optimization team by developing data insights to improve retention, generating cross-sell and up-sell opportunities, and improving the mortality experience of in-force policies. You will provide subject matter expertise and direction on complex projects/initiatives for the design, development, and delivery of advanced analytics and predictive modeling that enables the business to make data based decisions. 
 Responsibilities   

Identify opportunities where data-driven solutions to complex business problems using predictive and statistical models can drive earnings while improving the customer experience.  

Provide expertise and collaborate with stakeholders to define data collection and analysis requirements and establish adequate business understanding to provide effective analysis.  

Compile and mine data from a wide variety of data repositories. Validate data accuracy, and confirm data quality and consistent use across the business.  

Design and execute analytic plans. Generate insights and inform business decisions using advanced analytical techniques.  

Translate quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences, clearly interpret the data and effectively communicate findings and insights to senior executives, managers, and key stakeholders.  

Deploy and maintain predictive models. Monitor model performance and update models.  

Work with key stakeholders in different functions to align and consolidate key operational performance metrics.  Education   

4 Year Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Natural Sciences, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or Information Systems.  Experience   

Proficiency with a major programming language appropriate for data science (e.g. R, Python) to manipulate data and draw insights.  

3 - 5+ years of solid experience working on different data sources and platforms.  

Knowledge and experience applying statistical and machine learning techniques to real business data.  

Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.  

Strong relationship management skills with internal clients (e.g. senior management, peers and colleagues); proven ability to develop creative and collaborative approaches.  

Curiosity and demonstrated capability of quick learning on new technical and business knowledge.  

Flexibility and fast adaption to the changing business environment and priorities.  

Strong interpersonal skills with a collaborative style.  

Strong project management leadership skills including, critical ability to coordinate and balance multiple projects in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure, and meeting deadlines.  

Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).  

Actuarial working experience or knowledge and experience in the insurance industry is desirable.   
#LI-CA1 
This position may be subject to Lincolns Political Contribution Policy.  An offer of employment may be contingent upon disclosing to Lincoln the details of certain political contributions. Lincoln may decline to extend an offer or terminate employment for this role if it determines political contributions made could have an adverse impact on Lincolns current or future business interests, misrepresentations were made, or for failure to fully disclose applicable political contributions and or fundraising activities. 
Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Lincoln Financial Group are considered property of Lincoln Financial Group and are not subject to payment of agency fees. 
Lincoln Financial Group (LFG) is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veterans status, or genetic information.  Applicants are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications.  If you are a person with a disability that impedes your ability to express your interest for a position through our online application process, or require TTY/TDD assistance, contact us by calling 260-455-2558. 
#P3 
Lincoln Financial Group ("LFG") is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veterans status, or genetic information. Opportunities throughout LFG are available to employees and applicants and are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications. We have a drug free work environment and we perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02298 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_73b22394216ddddabc910c11184a2ef1
