We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist to support the application of Emerging Technologies (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Deep Learning) to advance the state of the art to enhance USSOCOM’s ability to understand and act upon cyber data at scale with an advanced analytic capability to effectively operationalize cyber data to enhance various missions, such as counter-terrorism, counter-proliferation, countering weapons of mass destruction, and countering hard targets. Senior Data Scientist job responsibilities include: Analytic Processing. Analyze, develop, demonstrate, and evaluate prototype solutions for the processing of data within the advanced analytic capability. This may include the development of advanced machine learning software solutions that augment and assist mission-users with operational decision-making, including extracting additional information, extracting information faster than humans, and algorithms to help with data visualization. Location: Work from contractor facility in Columbia, MD and remote. Skills & Requirements Clearance: TS/SCI Eligible with CI Poly MUST BE A US CITIZEN Position Experience Requirements: · BA/BS in Computer Science or related fields( eg. Statistics, Mathematics, or Engineering) · 15 years in data science, analytic development, statistics · Experience providing these skills to a DoD mission focused program · Experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) Languages · Proficient with HTML and JavaScript · Proficient with multiple operating systems, including UNIX/LINUX & Windows · Proficient with analytic algorithm design, implementation, and testing The most successful candidates have: · Experience in web services environment and technologies, such as XML, KML, SOAP, and JSON · Proficient with management/tracking utilities such as Jira, Redmine, etc. · Experience using machine learning, data mining, and knowledge discovery. · Processing and managing large data sets (multiple TB or larger) · Multi-threaded, big data, distributive cloud architectures and frameworks including Hadoop, MapReduce, Cloudera, Hive, Spark, Elastic Search, etc. for the purposes of conducting analytic algorithm design and implementation.
