Description 
We are pioneers.  We were the first to break the sound barrier and to design the first functional jetpack.  We were aboard NASA s first lunar mission and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market.  Today, we are defining the future of on-demand mobility.  At Bell, we are proud to work for an iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences. 
Our 
Rapid Prototyping & Manufacturing Innovation organization is seeking experienced 
Data Scientists who are looking for opportunities on the cutting edge of advanced product development and manufacturing technologies. 
Identifies business trends and problems through complex big data analysis. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining. Designs, develops and implements business solutions for the organization. Prepares big data, implements data models and develops databases to support business solutions. 
Responsibilities 
:  
Builds best-in-class predictive and prescriptive models taking into account business constraints. 
Performs data integration, data set cleansing, analysis, and deploys analytical models through the development of scripts and custom workflows. 
Monitors the performance and accuracy of existing models. 
Advises IT Data Engineers to build, automate, and/or maintain a set of enterprise-wide data services (data lake) and connectors for internal and external data sources that can be rapidly deployed to business analysts. 
Creates proactive and reactive custom reports based on client needs 
Troubleshoots issues, prepares summaries, documents processes and workflows, proposes solutions, and collaborates and communicates with internal team members. 
Builds and maintains trusted relationships with information managers, architects, and business units for knowledge sharing, mentoring, and training   Qualifications 
Required Education  
Bachelor's degree in Data Science & Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or Economics/Finance  
Required Skills/Competencies  
At least 10 years of related experience in Data Science or Information Technology working with a combination of big data / advanced data analytics, or machine learning, programming and data bases.  With a master s degree, at least 8 years of relevant experience is acceptable. 
Experience in complex business operations analysis, including engineering design, manufacturing, logistics, finance, and/or market forecasting. 
Ability to generate and effectively communicate analytical insights through visualization and reporting tools (SAS, JMP, MS PowerBI, HANA, Qlik, R Markdown). 
Proficiency in data science object-oriented programming languages (python, R, ruby). 
Proficiency in database languages (MSSQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, neo4j, HANA, Hadoop). 
Familiarity with operational business systems preferred (SAP, Salesforce, Enovia). 
Excellent communication and customer interfacing skills (verbal and written). 
Ability to work independently multi-tasking in a deadline-driven environment. 
Manages time and prioritizes tasks effectively.  

Preferred Education, Certifications, Skills and Experience   
Master s degree in Data Science & Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, Economics/Finance or equivalent professional experience 
Experience in stochastic process modeling, design of experiments, non-linear regression, simulation, and optimization methods. 
Competency in Natural Language algorithms for processing/generation (NLP/NLG). 
Competency in machine learning development. 
Knowledge of Aerospace industry 
Certification in Data Science & Analytics  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Fort Worth, TX 76102 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_e1f5e578063f228d63257f5ad0d5c079
