Do you believe that creators should have the ability to get paid for the value they give to their fans?  
We do, which is why we're building Patreon, a platform that powers membership services for creators with established followings. Patreon strives to provide creators with insight, education, and tools that make it possible to retain creative control while running their creative business, so creators can focus on creating and energizing their fanbases. 
Our creator base has doubled in the last year alone, and we have paid over $500 million directly to creators on our platform. To support this growth, Patreon is looking for a
 Senior Data Scientist.  
 The Patreon Data Science team makes it easy to make Patreon better. 
We work fast and emphasize impact. We inform product, team, and company strategy with data-driven research and analytics. Our work culture is highly autonomous. We believe that hiring smart, ambitious people and giving them strong ownership of their work lead to the bestresults. Your work will ensure that teams at Patreon have the data they need to make great decisions about what to build next. 
 What you will get to do:   
Shape Patreon product strategy by analyzing product performance, counseling our product teams on defining success criteria, designing experiments, and measuring product efficacy 
Help teams across Patreon evaluate their success 
Build a culture of data-driven decision making at Patreon 
Dive into data to illuminate trends and answer big questions about our users 
Constantly improve our team practices and efficiency 
Work with people from all walks of life  
 What skills we seek:   
You have 3+ years experience helping product teams make great decisions with data. 
You have solid analytical thinking -- you ask the right questions and can frame data correctly. 
You are an expert communicator with a love for clarity. 
You are comfortable querying large datasets. 
You are fluent in Python and relevant data libraries (pandas, numpy), and know how to manipulate data in Excel. 
You have a strong understanding of experimentation and statistical analysis. 
You can crisply communicate complicated information in charts and dashboards.  
 What you will be able to accomplish:   
Help build a product that powers creative businesses around the world, that fosters artistic creation, and that compensates creators fairly for the value they create 
Focus on the problems that you feel will foster your best personal career growth 
Have a fantastic time solving hard problems with data    Who you'll work with:  
At Patreon, you'll join a high-performing and highly-empathetic team of people who proudly work on fulfilling our mission of funding the creative class. Our culture of creator-first, thoughtful teammates keeps work creative, stretching, and rewarding.  
 Patreon aspires to be among the tech industry s most inclusive work environments. 
 Not only is it the right thing to do, but pursuing diversity of perspectives helps us build for our diverse community of creators and patrons. To learn how we're working towards this, please click here.  
 We work hard to maintain a bottom-up decision-making culture. 
We empower our employees by providing a clear vision and tools to fulfill on it. We believe that hiring smart, thoughtful, people and giving them strong ownership of their work leads to the best results. We encourage you to learn more about how we think about culture at Patreon, to make sure we re the right place for you. 
 Want to learn more about Patreon?   
Check out video testimonials, photos, and more on TheMuse 
Check out our reviews on Glassdoor 
Check to see if you know a Patreon teammate on LinkedIn   
 Thanks very much for taking the time to learn about the team behind Patreon. 
 If you want to join us changing creator s lives, we d love to talk.   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94199 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_e9320cb96cd3817b7792645703d6a5db
