At Roche Sequencing Solutions, we are driven to transform healthcare with next-generation sequencing (NGS) technologies and applications.

We are seeking a self-motivated Senior Data Scientist, Bioinformatics to join our Nanopore Sequencer Data Science group, where we collaborate with experimentalists and algorithm developers to build the Roche single-molecule DNA sequencer. If you enjoy working in cross-functional teams, applying data analysis skills to develop creative solutions, and driving bioinformatics deliverables for product development, we want to hear from you!

Responsibilities:

Participate in the design, analysis, and interpretation of biological experiments utilizing next-generation sequencing technology and standard analysis tools

Develop and improve algorithms for next-generation sequencing based diagnostics products

Contribute to the development and implementation of primary and secondary analysis software

Document analysis procedures and results and present findings in meetings

Develop and modify analyses that depend on standard next-generation sequencing analysis tools

Utilize knowledge of bioinformatics, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization to help analyze and develop sequencing technology

Requirements:

Bachelor in Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Computation Biology, Computer Science or related technical field with a minimum of 4 years of direct related professional experience; Master's degree with 2 years; PhD is a plus; or equivalent combination of education and experience to perform at this level.

Experience in the use of high-level programming languages such as Python (preferred), Java and R for complex data analysis.

Experience with data visualization and report generation.

Experience with next generation sequencing a plus.

Who we are

At Roche, 94,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.

Roche is an equal opportunity employer and strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based upon an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, mental/physical disability, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
