Overview: 
 SUMMARY OF RESPONSIBILITIES  
The Lead Rental Pricing Data Scientist will manage FirstKey Homes  pricing platform to determine rental rates across multiple disperse geographical markets. This role will lead efforts in selecting and implementing a machine learning platform, build and maintain rental pricing algorithms, and interpret results for business leaders. S/he will be working in a fast paced, high-growth environment that requires adaptability, comfortable working without defined processes, and responding to requests with a sense of urgency. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES   
 Lead efforts in researching, recommending and implementing a machine learning platform to automate pricing analyses for properties across multiple disperse geographic locations.    
Work closely with IT resources to integrate technology solution into FirstKey Homes  infrastructure.   
Connect to and ingest historical property data from SQL databases and other relevant data sources.   
Build learning algorithms to compare pricing trends across disperse geographic markets based. Develop predictive rental pricing models and scoring systems. Maintain algorithms and ensure that computed pricing rates remain competitive within markets.   
Identify impact of seasonality across geographies and incorporate seasonality into models.   
Develop and implement processes to maintain data integrity by continuously monitoring, cleaning and updating data sets. Document and update processes in accordance to company standards.   
Perform tenant retention studies to increase understanding of our tenant base (Example: Explain why some tenants renew and others vacate for use in driving renewal rate increases).   
Develop and present results, PowerPoints or other reporting tools to business leaders. Ensure algorithms and concepts are presented into easily understood concepts. Provide insights for evidenced based recommendations.   
Assist with coaching and mentoring junior pricing analysts and coordinators to build their skillsets.   
This brief summary is not an all-inclusive description of job duties.  Other job duties and responsibilities may also be assigned by the incumbent s manager at any time based upon Company need.  
 WORKING CONDITIONS   
 Primarily working indoors, office environment.    
May sit for several hours at a time. 
Prolonged exposure to computer screens. 
Repetitive use of hands to operate computers, printers, and copiers.  
 REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE   
Master s degree in applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or equivalent experience and/or education 
Minimum 3 years with data science and machine learning experience 
Proficient with Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS) or similar machine learning platform 
Advanced knowledge of data science concepts (various modeling types, data manipulation methods) 
Experience programming statistical models in Python, R or similar statistics program 
Advanced knowledge of data ingestion methods and relational databases (SQL databases, CSVs, etc.) 
Familiar with machine learning models such as decision trees, regression, classification and segmentation models.  
 PREFERRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE    
Experience working in property management, real estate or similar industry    
 Experience working in fast pace, high-growth company   
 REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE   
Mathematics  Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. 
Computers  Knowledge of computer software, including applications and programming.  
 REQUIRED SKILLS   
Active Learning  Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. 
Critical Thinking  Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. 
Complex Problem Solving  Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. 
Judgment and Decision Making  Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. 
Mathematics  Using mathematics to solve problems. 
Programming  Writing computer programs for various purposes. 
Science  Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems. 
Systems Analysis  Determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. 
Systems Evaluation  Identifying measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the system. 
Monitoring  Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action. 
Time Management  Managing one's own time and the time of others. 
Speaking  Talking to others to convey information effectively. 
Writing  Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.  
 WORK STYLES & BEHAVIORS   
Integrity  Job requires being honest and ethical. 
Analytical Thinking  Job requires analyzing information and using logic to address work-related issues and problems. 
Initiative  Job requires a willingness to take on responsibilities and challenges. 
Cooperation  Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-natured, cooperative attitude. 
Attention to Detail  Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks. 
Adaptability/Flexibility  Job requires being open to change (positive or negative) and to considerable variety in the workplace.  
FirstKey Homes is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, veteran status, genetic information or any other legally protected classification or status. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Atlanta, GA 30383 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_8609ca57f6a52985b81e374ea4dd5620
