Job Description:  
As a Senior Data Scientist for Magic Leap s Lifestream team you will have responsibility for the planning and development of our Data Science program in support of the implementation of our Lifestream business function and how it integrates within our product portfolio. 
 You will be responsible for:   
Analyze and mash-up massive amounts of data to mine useful business insights. 
Design and develop metrics, create insightful automated dashboards and data visualizations to track them and extract useful business insights. 
Work with different business and technical teams across the company to establish unified definitions, systems, and data governance for key metrics. 
Build scalable backend solutions for automation of data processing. 
Develop predictive/segmentation models to understand the behavior and impact. 
Communicate findings to internal teams and evangelize data-driven business decisions.  
 Key Responsibilities:   
Leverages machine learning  and data mining techniques 
Combines data extraction, preparation, and cleaning with model training and evaluation 
Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated process to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources 
Implements advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques, focusing on clear, algorithmic methods, models, and visualizations 
Stays current on data science and analytics tools, techniques, and practices  
 Basic Qualifications:   
Three + years of industry experience in technical role, or in relevant industry. 
Programming skills with Python, R, Java or equivalent language. 
Programming skills with SQL (psql/mysql/presto/hive/ etc.) 
Experience with ETL (moving data between systems ) 
Experience with data visualization tool (e. g. Tableau, BI dashboarding, Interana )  
 Preferred Skills:   
Experience in Hadoop or other MapReduce paradigms and associated languages such as Pig and Hive. 
Experience with code repository /versioning systems 
Experience with Unix/Linux environment for automating processes with shell scripting. 
Experience with manipulation massive scale structured and unstructured data. 
Understanding of different databases performance tuning. 
Excellent communications skills, with the ability to synthesize, simplify and explain complex problems to different types of audience, including executives   Education:  
Master or PhD degree in a quantitative or hard science discipline: statistics, operations research, computer science, informatics, engineering, applied mathematics, economics, and physics chemistry.   Additional Information  
All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines.  
#LI-MG1  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Fort Lauderdale, FL 33336 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_87ad6c55e733e85c091c6420860e5b02
