It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing! 
 We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  
 The Role  
Do you have a passion for applying machine learning to hard problems in new application areas? Do you keep up with the latest on GANs, ResNets, CNNs, RNNs, and Deep Reinforcement Learning but have also mastered the classics like SVM and Random Forest? Are you looking for the opportunity to work with a great team that combines algorithm design, software engineering, and domain knowledge into products that are first of their kind? If so, we are looking for you. We need a Data Scientist who will work on a cross functional team to help uncover cyber threats hidden in large amounts of data. Your primary focus will be applying your skills in various areas like NLP, graph mining, computer vision, and predictive analytics to help us build products for a variety of cyber security needs. 
 Your day-to-day   

Feature engineering, building and optimizing classifiers, applying machine learning and deep learning expertise  

Blending data from disparate sources, mining the resulting data lake to build models  

Working with engineering team to implement models efficiently  

Working with a customer / product team to ensure that problem requirements are met  

Conducting ad-hoc analysis and innovation around data/information visualization   
 What you bring to the team  
     Excellent understanding of machine learning algorithms, processes, tools and platforms including: 
o     Supervised, unsupervised, and semi-supervised learning 
o     Random Forest, Gradient Boosting, SVM, ConvNet, RNN, T-SNE, DBSCAN, etc. 
o     Python, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Cython, Numba, Sklearn, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc. 
     Great communication skills, ability to explain predictive analytics to non-technical audience 
     Proficiency in data exploration techniques and tools, e.g. SQL, NoSQL, Hive, etc. 
     Expert level knowledge in statistical analysis, linear algebra, optimization 
     MS or PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, Applied Physics or Computer Science (or technical degree with commensurate industry experience 
#LI-PH1 
 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!  
At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from todays advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to:  

Build and enhance our proven security platform  

Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture  

Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel  

Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges   
We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. Thats why were a leader in next-generation cybersecurityand why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Draper, UT 84020 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_461006299ea9b1a4ae07ffee4caf0c32
