Company or Affiliated Company:  AHI agilon health, inc. 
Location : Long Beach 
Job Title:   Risk Adjustment Data Scientist 
Job Description:   

Position Summary:  
This position is responsible for the deployment and maintenance of statistical models that enhance Medicare Risk Adjustment strategy, operational efficiency and consumer experience; This person will work closely with business partners and the Director of Risk Adjustment Analytics to develop solutions that meet the analytic needs of the organization. This includes the extensive use of statistical techniques to predict member risk and the identification of clinical condition for the better care of member. This position converts business questions into appropriate statistical or analytical requirements and uses statistical methods to resolve highly complex or unusual business problems that affect major functions or disciplines. 

Essential Job Functions:   
Develops analytical plan and manages data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and model testing of complex predictive models. 
Utilizes advanced statistical methods, algorithms and machine learning in the development of predictive models.  Investigates data patterns and determines the maximal solution in order to produce the most robust model. 
Consumes large volumes of data and extracts key predictors likely to impact development of predictive model. 
Provides support in the development of new analytical methods to streamline the production of predictive models and their deployment through equation-based scoring of members. 
Communicates findings and recommendations for corrective action and improvement opportunities to senior management and other appropriate stake-holders through dashboard reports, meetings and presentations, as necessary. 
Creates reporting and analytics that will provide guidance to the most efficient and effective measures for Risk Adjustment Program 
Responsible for ad hoc data mining, reporting, and analytic tasks to help various areas of the company achieve departmental or company goals. 
Performs other related projects and duties as assigned.  

Other Job Functions:   
Understand, adhere to, and implement the Company s policies and procedures. 
Provide excellent customer services skills, including consistently displaying awareness and sensitivity to the needs of internal and/or external clients.  Proactively ensuring that these needs are met or exceeded. 
Engage in excellent communication which includes listening attentively and speaking professionally. 
Set and complete challenging goals for organization.  

Required Qualifications:  
Minimum Experience  
3 years of previous experience in predictive modeling, data science, and/or analytics in healthcare data required, preferably within a managed care environment, with a demonstrable focus on Risk Adjustment analytics and performance measurement. 
Bachelor s Degree in Mathematics/Statistics or a related field; postgraduate work desirable.  

Skills and Abilities:  
Expert knowledge in statistics, econometrics, multilevel modeling, and other predictive modeling techniques with SAS, R, and/or other quantitative analytic software packages. Good understanding of CMS Medicare Risk Adjustment model. Hands on experience in working with Medicare Claims, MMR, MOR, and RAPs data. Strong working knowledge of relational database principles required with software packages including SQL/SAS, SQL Server Management Studio and Microsoft Office Products, such as Excel. Excellent quantitative and analytical skills with the ability to interpret findings graphically and/or verbally.  Significant experience in analytic field including the knowledge of best techniques for analytic evaluation; e. g., episode groupers, risk stratification methods, etc. Deep experience with medical claims data Significant knowledge of clinical and quality data Health insurance product knowledge Ability to work under pressure and meet tight timelines Language Skills: Strong communication skills both written and verbal to work with multiple internal and external clients in a fast-paced environment Mathematical Skills:Highly skilled in understanding of mathematical analysis.  Significant plus to have deep statistical knowledge and practical application. Reasoning Ability:Ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Long Beach, CA 90899 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_0fa7c03c186773008e877ca14425d9e7
