U.S. Bank is currently seeking an experienced Data Scientist to join our Enterprise Research & Analytics (ERA) team. Responsibilities include identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patters in complex data in order to provide answers to business questions as well as provide recommendations for action. This role will play a major role in growing our Mortgage customer base through advanced analytics and predictive modeling. You will partner closely with marketing, risk and technology in an Agile environment. The role requires strong predictive analytics, relationship building and project management skills. 
The ideal candidate will be a motivated professional who is passionate about data and has strong technical and analytical skills, understands the business goals/needs, and is committed to delivering data driven insights that lead to actionable recommendations. 
Responsibilities 
 Acquire data from multiple data sources in order to perform analysis. 
 Interpret data and analyze results using various advanced statistical techniques and tools. 
 Present data and analysis in a clear and concise manner allowing the audience to quickly understand the results and recommendations so they activate upon them and make data driven decisions. 
 Responsible for the modeling process from end-to-end, including data gathering, feature engineering, model build and validation, and implementation into production systems. 
 Qualifications:  
Basic Qualifications  

Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, computer science, engineering or applied mathematics, or equivalent work experience  

Five to seven years of data science experience   
Preferred Skills/Experience  

Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, engineering, econometrics, computer science or applied mathematics  

Advanced knowledge of predictive analytics and machine learning techniques   
-Proficiency in data science tools such as R, Python, Spark, Hadoop, SQL  

Experience querying large databases  

Advanced degree   
-Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau 
-Demonstrated project management and organizational skills 
-Strong verbal and written communication skills 
-Proven track record of seeing complicated projects through to completion 
-Work independently to drive results 
-Impeccable attention to details 
-Excited about rolling up your sleeves and getting hands-on with the data 
-Comfortable with data ambiguity 
-Great team player 
-Someone who thrives in a fast-paced, can-do environment 
-Experience in the financial services industry is a plus 
 Job:   Information Technology 
 Primary Location:   Minnesota-MN-Hopkins 
 Shift:   1st  - Daytime 
 Average Hours Per Week:   40 
 Requisition ID:   190015710 
U.S. Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. 
U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hopkins, MN 55305 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_a3330637a95c76e1bbfc5bf61aac6973
