About SnowflakeSnowflake is growing fast and we re scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We re passionate about our people, our customers, our values and our culture! We re also looking for people with a growth mindset and the pragmatic insight to solve for today while building for the future. And as a Snowflake employee, you will be accountable for supporting and enabling diversity and belonging. Snowflake started with a clear vision: make modern data warehousing effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Because traditional on-premises and cloud solutions struggle with this, Snowflake developed an innovative product with a new built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions.  Job Description:   
Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. 
Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. 
Develop short, medium and long-term forecasts to understand the likely growth trajectory of Snowflake s Growth teams and influence tactics and strategy. 
Interface with engineers, product managers and product analysts to understand data needs and help build data products that inform our Growth, Sales, and Marketing strategy. 
Drive the design, building, and launching of new data models and data pipelines in production.    Minimum Qualifications   
3+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modeling 
3+ years writing SQL statements. 
Experience in one of Python, R, Julia; if R or Julia, candidate must be able to make algorithms scale. 
Working knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e. g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB) 
Familiarity with basic classes of ML algorithms, concepts in feature extraction and selection. 
Ability to communicate your analysis with clarity and precision. 
Experience implementing statistical models in production-grade code.    Preferred Qualifications   
MS/PhD in Computer Science, Math, Physics, or other technical field. 
Experience with data visualization. 
4+ years experience using Python.   Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Mateo, CA 94409 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_07453ea0d83749b42d686577fb888ff6
