Our organization is unique in that we are a nonprofit community resource that saves lives by working with volunteer donors to provide the highest quality blood & tissue components to patients. By using cutting-edge technology, our team of dedicated professionals has helped save hundreds of thousands of lives for more than 35 years. Over 200,000 components of life-saving blood and tissue from volunteers throughout South Texas are collected and tested each year. We are internationally recognized for the quality of our services and research. Donors are essential because patients are in constant need of blood. blood components, and/or tissue. It's about life! Share our excitement and join our team!

GenCure, a subsidiary of BioBridge Global, applies advances in regenerative medicine to help heal patients suffering from trauma, disease or the aging process. Using processed tissue and cell-based therapies, GenCure works to connect needs with solutions. GenCure is both a direct supplier to healthcare providers and a partner with commercial and non-profit organizations providing regenerative medicine treatments to patients.

General Summary


Responsible to provide high level support for GenCure Process Development and Cell Manufacturing including: technology transfer, GMP process and analytical methods development, GMP manufacture and QC testing, interacting with outside vendors and Contract Research and Testing Organizations, as well as helping coordinate laboratory safety programs. Strict attention to detail and high quality customer service skills are required.

Commit to and abide by the character of BioBridge Global’s Core Values of Accountability, Stewardship, Pioneer, Integrity, Respect and Excellence (ASPIRE). Support, communicate and reinforce the mission and vision of the enterprise.

Provide world class customer service by capturing and being responsive to the voice of the customer (including donors) through established feedback channels in order to resolve issues and drive satisfaction in accordance with the BBG customer engagement, feedback, and complaint processes.

It is essential that the incumbent have a valid driver's license and be at least 21 years old with a good driving record to meet organization driving standards.

Major Duties and Responsibilities


Essential Tasks

Work with Cell Manufacturing staff to implement all relevant facility policies and procedures. Provide technical support for technology transfer and GMP process development and analytical test methods development by collaborating with client technical teams. Following approved technology transfer protocols; this person will work with Cell Manufacturing staff to optimize existing research manufacturing process and analytical methods and develop them for clinical‐scale GMP purposes. This includes generation of all relevant documentation (Batch Records, Compounding Records, QC Test Methods, Operating Procedures, etc.).

Following FDA GMP regulations and guidelines, this individual will execute clinical‐scale GMP manufacturing, in process testing and QC release testing of cell therapy products. This will include the operational scheduling of various activities; including raw materials procurement, development activities, manufacturing events, product testing, facility cleaning and environmental monitoring, calibration, preventative maintenance and validation activities.

Interact with staff in execution of ongoing environmental monitoring program. This includes compilation and analyses of data (total air particulates, air viable counts, viable counts from settling plates and viable counts from contact plates) and generation of written reports.

Interaction with outside raw material vendors and contract testing laboratories. Establish and maintain relationships with technical representatives concerning raw material procurement and GMP production and testing of clinical trial materials.

Author all relevant technical reports detailing process and analytical methods transfer, production and testing of development batches, preclinical safety/toxicology batches and GMP‐grade clinical batches.

Support QA and the Quality Management System by assisting in employee training, raw material and product management, document control, validation support, calibration and preventative maintenance support, deviation reporting, CAPA, risk analysis, etc.

Keep abreast of trends in the field by reading professional journals and attending relevant meetings and seminars.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Non‐Essential Tasks

Run departmental errands as directed.

Education


Requires a Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university with major course work relative to the field of assignment. The required major is Scientific or Engineering discipline.

Experience


Requires three or more years of microbiology and/or mammalian cell culture experience.

Requires a minimum of one year in cGMP clinical manufacturing and Quality Control testing environment experience.

Requires a strong background in cGMP principles and Quality Management Systems.

Knowledge


Must obtain a working knowledge of regulatory/quality requirements and perform within all Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and policies.

Must have a working knowledge and understanding of FDA regulations and current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs).

Skills


Must have excellent critical thinking and problem‐solving skills.

Must be capable of correctly interpret process outcomes and perform high level troubleshooting.

Must be capable of operating motor vehicles in all types of weather conditions.

Must have strong computer skills.

Must have excellent written and oral communication skills.

Abilities


Must be a self‐starter and self‐directed worker.

Must be able to keep information confidential.

Must be able to multi‐task in a fast‐paced work environment and perform multiple requests simultaneously while maintaining quality and accuracy.

Must be able to work independently as well as in a team environment.

Must be neat in appearance and well groomed.

Must be professional, detail oriented, self‐motivated, innovative, creative, assertive, organized, communicative, and have the ability to work independently.

Must have the ability to meet time deadlines, connect and interrelate disparate ideas and thoughts, pay attention to detail, and work effectively with varying constituencies.

Working Environment


Works in a well‐lighted air conditioned and heated laboratory/department. May be exposed to electrical, mechanical and chemical hazards and other conditions common to a laboratory environment. May be exposed to blood borne pathogens and other conditions common to a clinical laboratory environment. May have bodily exposure to refrigerator/freezer temperature, especially hands and face. Will work extended hours during peak periods. May be required to work any time of the day, evening or night during the week or weekend.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to drive on behalf of the organization.

Will sit, stand, walk, and bend during working hours.

Requires ability to reach, lift and carry up to 20 lbs.

Requires manual and finger dexterity and eye‐hand coordination.

Requires normal or corrected vision and hearing corrected to a normal range.
We invest in our people by offering competitive compensation, excellent benefits, and the opportunity to work with the first blood center in America to receive the ISO 9002 accreditation!

All Full Time Positions Qualify for an Affordable and Competitive Benefits Package to include:
• Variable Compensation Plan

• 100% Employer Paid Long-term Disability Plan
• Paid Time Off (PTO)

• 100% Employer Paid AD&D
• Extended Illness Benefits (EIB)

• 100% Employer Paid Employee Assistance Program
• Shift Differentials

• Group Health Medical Plan w/prescription coverage
• Paid Holidays

• Variety of Voluntary Supplemental Insurances
• Leaves of Absence

• Voluntary Dental Coverage
• Educational Assistance Program

• Voluntary Vision
• Professional Development Plan (PDP)

• Competitive salary

GenCure, a subsidiary of BioBridge Global, is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, genetic data, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristics. For more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here. GenCure maintains a Tobacco & Drug-Free Workplace.
