Immediate need for a talented Data Analysts. This is a 6+ month contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Philadelphia, PA. Please review the below job description and contact me ASAP. Due to the nature of this role, Diversant can only consider direct candidates on a W2 basis. Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Our client is a leading Telecom institution and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. Qualified candidates should apply NOW for immediate consideration. Please email me the most current version of your resume and refer to 19-24282 in the subject line. Description Looking for a Technical Data Analyst to support the Digital Transformation analytics and reporting efforts. Responsibilities • Partner with cross-functional teams to understand and access various data sets that XD will leverage for reporting and analysis • Track new MyAccount, Help & Support, or Digital Repair web releases, update reporting definitions accordingly, and proactively inform dashboard end users • Oversee creation of key reports and dashboards via Adobe Analytics and other visualization tools like Tableau and Domo. • Support ad hoc requests for reporting, data validation, and campaign tracking requirements Requirements & Experience • 3-5 years related experience • Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, or related field preferred • Strong proficiency with data analysis tools and processes • Experience with Web analytics; Adobe Analytics preferred • Hands on SQL experience • Ability to understand and extract data from complex, disparate data sets • Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau or Domo • Proficiency with Excel Best, Brianna Sgro Technical Recruiter 331 Newman Springs Road Building 3, 2nd Floor, Suite #350 Red Bank, NJ 07701 732.759.6056 Bsgro@diversant.com www.diversant.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianna-sgro-602274139/ DIVERSANT ranked #30 on SIA’s 2017 Largest IT Staffing Firms in the U.S. list. Learn more here. This message is intended solely for the individual(s) to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, any dissemination or copying is strictly prohibited. If you believe you received this message in error, please notify the sender and delete from your system. Thank you. DIVERSANT (diversant.com) is one of the largest African-American owned IT staffing firms in the U.S. We offer rewarding career opportunities with many of the nation’s leading corporations. Our experienced recruiters understand what hiring managers look for in a candidate and provide our applicants with the proper support and guidance along the entire application and interviewing process. We offer opportunities on a contingent, contract-to-hire, and direct hire basis. At DIVERSANT, we are committed to providing the highest level of service and satisfaction to our customers, consultants, and employees. DIVERSANT provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, DIVERSANT complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
