Location: Hershey, PA   

 Duration: Summer 2020   

   

WHY HERSHEY?    

The Hershey Company is a global fortune 500 company that is a recognized leader in the Consumer Packaged Goods industry. Our goal is to integrate students with our knowledgeable and successful teams in order to maintain a fresh perspective on an ever-changing world. Every day presents new challenges and opportunities to learn, grow and innovate. Are you up for the challenge? Are you ready to make a difference?    

   

WHY TECHNOLOGY AT HERSHEY?    

The Information Services department at The Hershey Company has open internships for analytically minded, tech-savvy undergraduate and graduate students. Technology and analytics are elemental to all aspects of Hershey business. Hershey has a diverse global team focused on providing robust innovative capabilities, partnering on analysis to drive successful business outcomes and embraces an entrepreneurial mindset to create an environment that is exciting, compelling, innovative and dynamic.   

   

OPPORTUNITIES:    

We are looking for a Data Scientist Intern who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data.    

   

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:   
  
 
Interact with customers directly to understand the business problem, help and aid them in implementation of ML/DL algorithms to solve problems   
 
As part of a team, use machine learning, deep learning and other analytical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems   
 
Demonstrate understanding of forecasting, optimization, statistical analysis and operations research. Extensive knowledge of forecasting techniques such as trend analysis, econometric models and machine learning is preferred   
 
Design, develop and evaluate highly innovative models for predictive learning, content ranking, and anomaly detection   
 
Analyze and extract relevant information from historical data to help automate and optimize key processes   
 
Work closely with technology, business and engineering teams to drive model implementations and adoption of new algorithms.    
  

   

QUALIFICATIONS:   
  
 
Master’s degree with STEM focus preferred, Ph.D. welcome to apply   
 
Strong working knowledge of machine learning, deep learning and statistics   
 
Familiarity with agile methodology   
 
Strong attention to detail   
 
Ability to think creatively and solve problems   
 
Startup mindset & innovative thinker   
  

   

EDUCATION:   
  
 
+1 years of experience using R and/or Python   
 
+1 years of professional experience or relevant coursework/projects    
 
+1 years of relevant experience building machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems   
 
+1 years of experience building, training, scoring, tuning and maintaining predictive models   
 
Experience with deep learning a plus   
  

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.  

   

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hershey, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         4 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4287_106580
