JOB DESCRIPTION Sogeti is a leading provider of professional technology services, specializing in Application Management, Infrastructure Management and High-Tech Engineering. Sogeti offers cutting-edge solutions around Testing, Business Intelligence, Mobility, Cloud and Security, combining world class methodologies and the global delivery model, Rightshore®. Sogeti brings together more than 20,000 professionals in 15 countries and is present in over 100 locations in Europe, the US and India. Sogeti is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cap Gemini S.A., listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. At Sogeti USA, we are committed to building a long and enduring relationshipwith our employees and to creating an environment that rewards and empowers. Our mission is to constantly exceed our employees' expectations in the same way that we strive to exceed our clients' expectations. We offer an environment that celebrates innovation and helps you to achieve a good balance between your professional and personal life. We strive to be an employer of choice! Responsibilities &Requirements: • Analyze business issues and enable decision making through modeling and optimization • Use analytics tools such as SAS, R, Python, etc to drive business impact • Partner with stakeholders to understand business context and develop solutions to address business needs • Translate data into information and insights • 7+ years of overall professional experience • A bachelors or advanced degree in information system, math, statistics or related field • Experience working with large datasets • Hands-on experience with open source algorithms for modeling (e. g. R) or data mapping (e. g. Python) is preferred. • Understanding of Statistics as applied to data analysis and experience withstatistical packages is preferred. • Basic SQL skills is preferred • Excellent communication skills and ability to work with business The benefits our employees enjoy: 401(k) Savings Plan- Matched 150% up to 6%. (Our 401k is in the top 1% of 401(k) plans offered in the US!) Medical/Prescription/Dental/Vision Coverage! Low-premium and deductible. Plan with free preventive care. $12,000 in Tuition Reimbursement 100% Company-paid mobile phone plan Personal Time Off (PTO)- Ensuring a balance of work and home life
