ABOUT THE ROLE This role will work in close partnership with Engineering, Product, and UX to develop and iterate upon an algo-driven consumer-facing product. The key responsibilities of this role include implementing algorithms to improve product performance and meet the needs of downstream data consumers while focusing on optimization of the client experience. YOU'RE EXCITED ABOUT THIS OPPORTUNITY BECAUSE YOU WILL… Prototype, test, and deploy algorithms that continue to improve upon the user experience Work in a collaborative, production-facing codebase that has close coupling with engineering systems Conduct experiments to show causal impact of new ideas or implementations Effectively communicate and share results with both technical and non-technical cross-functional partners WE'RE EXCITED ABOUT YOU BECAUSE… You have 3+ years of experience implementing/designing machine learning algorithms You have strong experience with coding/algorithm implementation You have a creative, problem-solving mindset You are able to work with both technical and non-technical partners (presentations, expectation management, getting people on-board with ideas) You are interested in both collaborative ownership of a code-base as well as self-ownership of a capability WHY YOU'LL LOVE WORKING AT STITCH FIX… We are a group of bright, kind and challenge-motivated people. You can be your authentic self here, and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and fashion, redefining retail for the next generation. We are a technology and data-driven business. We are committed to our clients and connected through our vision of "Transforming the way people find what they love." We love solving problems, thinking creatively and trying new things. We believe in autonomy & taking initiative. We are challenged, developed and have meaningful impact. We take what we do seriously. We don't take ourselves seriously. We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas. We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. You will be proud to say that you work for Stitch Fix and will know that the work you do brings joy to our clients every day.
