Position Summary: Lead the design, development, testing, debugging, maintaining and documenting software components in accordance to Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices. Oversee the technical design process. Lead and participate in the application technical design process and completes estimates and work plans for design, development, implementation, and rollout tasks. Communicate with the appropriate teams to ensure that assignments are delivered with the highest of quality and in accordance to standards. Strive to continuously improve the software delivery processes and practices. Current tools and technologies include SAS, R, SQL, Tableau, and Python or matching learning techniques; PowerBI/Tableau/QlikView. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of others. Essential Job Functions: Lead and participate in the design and implementation of large and/or architecturally significant applications Champion company standards and best practices; work to continuously improve software delivery processes and practices Build partnerships across the application, business and infrastructure teams Develop programming specifications; design, code and unit test application code using Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices Complete estimates and work plans independently as appropriate for design, development, implementation and rollout tasks Create technical system documentation and ensure that this documentation remains current throughout all phases of the SDLC Communicate with the appropriate teams to ensure that assignments are managed appropriately and that completed assignments are of the highest quality Support and maintain applications utilizing required tools and technologies; provide support for applications, including involvement with the Support Center, NOC, Infrastructure teams, and vendors as appropriate, provide off-hours support (24 x 7) as required Assist other personnel on assignments including mentoring or providing on-the-job training to more junior associates; mentor team members in software development principles, patterns, processes and practices Direct the day-to-day work activities of other team members Must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation Minimum Position Qualifications/Education: 10 or more years experience in systems analysis, design or programming and the associated development methodologies. Extensive experience with Project planning. Proven communication and presentation skills to effectively communicate information to customers and to all levels within the organization. Ability to interact well in a team environment. Extensive experience with technical task estimation. Desired Previous Job Experience/Education: Bachelor's degree in IS or related equivalent work experience in an Information Systems position 7 + years of experience in systems analysis, design or programming and the associated development methodologies with large size or highly complex projects. Prior experience with project planning with large size or highly complex projects; or projects where technical standards need to be established
