Location: Alpharetta, Georgia, Piscataway, NJ, New York City, NY, Irving, TX Industry: Information Technology Job Category: Information Technology - Other IT Base Salary - $100,000 to $230,000 Full-time Benefits - Full Relocation Assistance Available - No Commission Compensation - No Bonus Eligible - No Overtime Eligible - No Interview Travel Reimbursed - No 7+ to 10 years experience Seniority Level - Mid-Senior Management Experience Required - No Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree Willingness to Travel - Never Security Clearance Required: No Visa Candidate Considered: Yes This is a senior level technical role in the company. This position will help lead innovations through building and applying cutting edge machine learning techniques and AI technology to drive business growth. It will lead strategic initiatives and research in developing AI technology and machine learning algorithms and techniques. You will provide guidance to teams of talented data scientists and machine learning engineers in developing and delivering the next generation AI/ML solutions to the business. You'll be a thought leader who challenges the status quo and brings new, innovative concepts and technology into Verizon. You'll be an educator and evangelist who is influential and persuasive in promoting AI/ML across the company. You'll represent Verizon on AI/ML and interact with leading researchers and industry leaders. You will also be part of the driving force for attracting top talent. Lead large portfolios of data science projects and deliver innovative technical solutions to solve problems and improve business outcomes. Lead the design, development, and deployment of AI solutions that drive business growth and better customer experience. Contribute to the development of AI/ML strategy and roadmap for the company. Contribute to research and development of AI/ML techniques and technology that fuels the business innovation and growth of Verizon. Represent Verizon in AI/ML research and the industry through publications, conference speeches, collaboration with leading researchers and universities. Build strong influence both among AI/ML community and with senior business leaders and actively promote the effective applications of AI/ML technology. Lead engagement with key business stakeholders in discussion on business strategies and opportunities. Build strong working relationship and develop deep partnership with the business. Work closely with engineers to deploy models in production both in real time and in batch process and systematically track model performance. Be a subject matter expert on machine learning and predictive modeling and a mentor to junior data scientists. What we're looking for... You are an accomplished data scientist, a recognized machine learning expert, and a thought leader in AI technology and business innovation. You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You're a creative thinker who likes to explore, and uncover the issues. You are decisive. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups, and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. Communicating what you've uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths. You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: Master's degree in a quantitative field or in a related filed. Ph.D. in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science. Eight or more years of experience in practicing machine learning and data science in business. Accomplished researcher and expert in machine learning, neural networks, reinforcement learning, chatbot technology, and NLP Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills. Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities. Experience in leading large scale data science projects and delivering from end to end. Strong computing/programming skills; Proficient in Python, Spark, SQL, Linux shell script. Strong experience in Big Data and Cloud technology. Willingness to travel. When you join Verizon... You'll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America's fastest and most reliable network, we're leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we're about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.
