POSITION SUMMARY This role has been created to support the US Petcare Organization. The role will directly enable the development of the Next Generation Sales Engine (NGSE), an advanced-analytics enabled enhancement of the go-to-market sales strategy. The candidate will produce insightful analytic data models to capture and explain performance trends of the organization's Sales Force, while driving optimization opportunities and proactive direction for the Sales Organization. The candidate will interface across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions and highlight customer-related insights, such as revenue generation ideas and strategies to detect and prevent potential customer defection. The candidate will also produce creative solutions to complex business problems using advanced analytical techniques, while leveraging both internal and external data sources. The role will involve frequent interaction with key stakeholders across the sales and marketing divisions and provide the candidate with an exceptionally broad view of every aspect of The organization's' business, while serving as critical support for the US Petcare division. QUALIFICATIONS Masters from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, or related field Minimum of two years of professional experience working as a Data Scientist Demonstrated experience building deployed prediction models to create business value, preferably in sales and marketing applications Strong analytical mind and business acumen; ability to translate mathematical models and results into business concepts Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills; demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to a non-technical audience Fluency in English required TECHNICAL SKILLS REQUIREMENTS Experience in building predictive models in R or Python (Pandas/PySpark) Experience in large-scale/distributed computing and analytics (Hadoop, Spark) Strong statistics acumen including design of experiments Knowledge of SQL Experience with source control and collaboration tools (e.g. Git) Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud) Experience in data engineering a plus Tableau / data visualization experience a plus Software development / engineering experience a plus Experience in scaled model testing, integration, and deployment (DevOps) a plus Experience working in Microsoft tech stack including SQL Server and Azure preferred CANDIDATE ATTRIBUTES To be successful, the ideal candidate will demonstrate a thirst for knowledge and natural curiosity to enable rapid learning of the organization's business model and data infrastructure at a scale to support a growing $2b region. The position involves working with structured and unstructured real-world data, requiring a candidate who is comfortable thinking independently about solving business problems. Candidates must be self-motivated, detail-oriented, ability to work with limited supervision, and must be comfortable in an environment of changing priorities. Candidates should have a strong business acumen, with evidence of delivered business value, preferably in a commercial setting.
