Category Data Analytics Schedule Full-time Description: Position Purpose: Responsible for advanced and predictive data analytics using big data and data science technology for healthcare innovation and outcomes. Perform analysis using data science techniques on structured and unstructured data sets, and develop algorithms for targeted business needs. Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions. Design and construct analysis tools that extract, and analyze data and store analytical results in an appropriate format for business needs. Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex data sources and build key data sets to support Centene's mission. Evaluate and design experiments to monitor key metrics and identify improvement opportunities. Develop mathematical and statistical models to distinguish relevant content or events and recognize patterns. Participate in presentations and communicate results of research analysis and findings. Participate in the design of automated, operational analytics processes to achieve scale and durability of analysis processes. Validate and measure the outcomes of health management programs using SAS, R and other tools, to include provider data, claims data, membership data Manage multiple projects as assigned and assist with training Data Analysts. Responsible for development efforts with technical team liaisons, including gathering business requirements, documentation, testing, delivery and user adoption, and communicate expectations to the Health Plan. Qualifications: Knowledge/Experience: Master's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Informatics, Econometrics, Engineering, Experimental Science with 5+ years of experience or Bachelor's degree and 7+ years of quantitative analysis experience in data science capabilities including data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, statistical modeling, large scale data acquisition, transformation, and structured and unstructured data analysis. Experience with database technologies, including Oracle, SAP, DB2, Teradata, MS SQL Server, SAP HANA, MySQL.
