Join the next gen. Were a new breed  a consulting agency. We combine the creativity of an agency with the depth and expertise of a consultancy. Our team is a mix of mission-driven strategists, marketers, technologists and data scientists, harnessing the insights, creativity and technology that moves people. This is what we callAccelerated Change, Beautifully Delivered. Check us out at ICFNext.com! 
We are currently hiring for a Data Scientist to join our Minneapolis team in Summer 2020.  
As a Data Scientist, you will:  

Delve deeply into a varying array of large data sources, determining the appropriate data for the type of analysis to be performed, uncover data issues, and preparing data for analysis  

Identify, analyze, interpret trends and patters in complex data, provide and present insights and strategies that drive customer loyalty and/or personalization  

Assist in the design, execution and analysis of complex targeting campaigns  

Create data visualization dashboards using different BI tools  

Ascertain and execute plans to build, implement and maintain predictive models using available tools and programming languages.  

Monitor and provide feedback on model performance and recalibrates models as necessary.   

Develop client economic models that provide financial motivation for loyalty program design  

Develop project plans, execute on deliverables within agreed upon timeframes, manage deadlines, communicate progress and make recommendations to address issues.  

Gather requirements from appropriate business partners for project, including necessary data for analysis to be performed.   
As a Data Scientist, you will be a lover of data, a critical thinker, a problem solver and a storyteller. You will also have:  

Masters degree in Data Analytics, Data Sciences, Applied Mathematics, Applied Economics, Statistics, Engineering (or related fields)   

Experience coding with SQL   

Experience in statistical programminglanguages, such as R and Python  

Analytics experience in a Big Data environment, such as Hadoop, Azure and/orElasticSearch a plus  

Intellectual curiosity with the abilityto utilize, organize and synthesize data of various types and sources   

Interestin partnering with the business to understand their needs and utilize advanced analytics to develop effective solutions   

Drive to not only succeed personally, but to make an impact and contribute to the success of our rapidly growing business.   

Ability to listen andtranslate requirements back and forth between analytics and ITtocommunicate back to the business a technical solution in non-technical terms.   

Ability to adaptto the changing environment of our business and the marketplace in general, re-prioritize effectively, and integrate new techniques and tools into your everyday work.    
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE  Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). 
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement. 
Working at ICF 
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If youre seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICFtogether for tomorrow. 
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE  Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity) 
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.comand we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination:  EEO is the law and  Pay Transparency Statement. 
Minneapolis, MN (MN03)About ICFICF (NASDAQ:ICFI) is a global consulting and technology services provider with more than 5,000 professionals focused on making big things possible for our clients. We are business analysts, policy specialists, technologists, researchers, digital strategists, social scientists and creatives. Since 1969, government and commercial clients have worked with ICF to overcome their toughest challenges on issues that matter profoundly to their success. Come engage with us at icf.com. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Minneapolis, MN 55400 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_263c6c3f8bf6491803e36382856725eb
