Zoom is growing at an explosive pace by every measure - revenues, people, innovation, and customers. Led by Eric S. Yuan, the #1 ranked CEO on Glassdoor, our unique culture makes Zoom an awesome place towork. We are expanding teams across the organization. If you are motivated by delivering happiness, come join us at Zoom! The Data Science team lies at the foundation of Zoom's success. The Data Scientist is one of the most demanding roles at Zoom; it requires the hybrid skills of a data geek, a business leader, and a projectmanager. We are looking for such a rock-star to join our team to focus on Finance! You will play an important role in driving the growth and accurate reporting at Zoom by surfacing, analyzing, and reporting on data that drives mission-critical business decisions. The qualities and capabilities required will require an incredibly intelligent and talented professional. Sound like you? This role is based out of our headquarters in beautiful downtown San Jose, California. Responsibilities: Provide Data Science leadership to the Finance organization Develop analytical frameworks for future strategic initiatives and provide recommendations to senior management to drive business decisions Build and maintain various financial performance (example: revenue) and reconciliation models to support the financial reporting Maintain financial reporting database and assist with developing reporting dashboards for internal use and external use for financial reporting Analyze and interpret huge data sets to improve predictability of key financial metrics for tracking and supporting strategic decisions Support billing, revenue & operations initiatives in planning, execution and impact measuring Work with the Finance and Accounting SMEs in the different areas of Finance and have a good understanding of the business, and the information flow Perform variance analyses against critical benchmarks to identify the root cause behind trends Build/modify/maintain dashboards and reports to regularly communicate results and monitor key metrics in scalable ways Write efficient SQL code to fuel analytical frameworks and dashboards mentioned above Become a subject matter expert on revenue operations data and play instrumental roles in supportingstrategic initiatives Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Business/Economics, STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) Degrees or similar fields, finance background preferred 3+ years of experience using data to facilitate business decisions; high growth, technology (B2B SaaS is a plus), management consulting, or business intelligence background preferred Excellent communication skills with the ability to communicate at C-level Excellent SQL and Excel skills with development experience in Python preferred Excellent organization skills with the ability to manage competing priorities Creative solutions driven mindset, with a "get stuff done" attitude Firm believer of data informed decision making Basic understanding of financial metrics and/or accounting Self-driven with the ability to work in a self-guided manner Perks: Opportunity for growth: grow with the company and become a leader Impact on the ground floor: shape the strategic direction of the company Make a difference: change the way businesses communicate for the future
