Small Teams; Big Data We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist with project leadership responsibilities to research and develop state-of-the-art algorithms and build models to support Tapad's mission to creating the largest identity graph in the world. Tapad is home to the team that cracked the code on cross-device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary tech assimilates trillions of data points to find the relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, connected TVs and game consoles. As part of the Data Science team, you will work on complex problems related to our suite of identity resolution and targeting products using cutting-edge machine learning, natural language processing, and advanced statistical and clustering techniques to build models that make their way into production. Additionally, you will perform advanced analyses that supports model improvements, product enhancements, and identify and assess new opportunities to innovate and create new solutions for clients and the Tapad business. As a Tapad Data Scientist, you are an integral partner in the development of Tapad's products. You will work with Engineers and Product Managers to deliver solutions into production, and partner with Platform Solutions, Marketing, and Sales Associates to understand client needs and identify new opportunities for Tapad and our clients. We value transparency, open knowledge exchange, excellence, and creativity in our work. When you work with us, you matter. We ask our employees to make an impact and feel it is only right to give a lot in return. We offer every employee a 401k with matching, generous parental leave, and unlimited PTO. We believe if you're sick, feel like you're getting sick, or just need a personal day, you should take that time to get better. We have free lunch every Wednesday, free bagels every Friday, and a free and open hierarchy every day. We make sure our office is full of individuals who can teach and learn from one another. Technologies We Use: Python, SQL, Scala Spark, SparkML, AutoML, SciKit Learn, etc. Google Cloud Platform (GCP), BigQuery, Hadoop Responsibilities: Use machine learning, clustering, statistical modeling, and other advanced techniques to infer device, individual, and household connections from petabyte sized probabilistic internet signals Employ predictive modeling, data mining, graph algorithms, and other data science techniques with the end goal of increasing our graph product's ability to drive customer value Design experiments and integrated quality statistics to measure the impact of our models on the overall performance of our device graph Partner with engineers to productionalize various machine learning and clustering solutions that enhance and strengthen connections within our device graph Collaborate with product managers and business partners to understand client needs and help identify opportunities for Tapad and our clients Qualifications: Ph.D. in a Quantitative Discipline (e.g. Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Neuroscience, Chemistry, Engineering, etc.) 6+ years of experience as a Data Scientist, especially in applying Machine Learning techniques, advanced analytics, and statistical modeling Experience in working on large-scale, distributed system environment(s) Experience manipulating large data sets, using SQL, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark, etc. Understanding of programming concepts and experience with programming languages, such as Python, MATLAB, R, Java, Scala or C++
