About Zyper A rare opportunity to join the engineering team in a hyper growth Y combinator start-up. At Zyper we want to revolutionize the way brands connect and build relationships with their true fans and reward those who help amplify the awareness of the brands they like. We analyze big data sets and use machine learning to better source and connect fans. We are fascinated by the mindset and values of GenZ. We are at a very exciting point at the company and have a great vision for where we will go, having proved the concept and now want to get down and build what we know on top of what we have. We have just raised a Series A round. You will be working directly with out Head of Data & Analytics, Head of Product and engineering team to design and expand our core analytics and machine learning capabilities. The Role Data is central to what we do - analytics and machine learning help us to scale our processes and make our decisions smarter. Whether this is using computer vision to understand the context, style and quality of images, or NLP to quantify the effect of captions and tweets on a campaign's success, we have a diverse set of applications. We'll want you to dive deeper into the data and build predictive models and provide unique insights to clients - we have a lot of challenging problems we want to solve. This role will have an emphasis on the machine learning side of data science. We want you to develop and build deep learning, NLP and predictive analytics tools and pipelines to help us scale and automate our processes. This will include computer vision (images and videos), sentiment analysis, topic modeling, recommendation engines, and much more! You'll be heavily involved in both prototyping and deploying models, so should have experience in software engineering too. In addition we have data enrichment, collation and analysis problems to solve, to allow us to build predictive analytics tools to aid our self-serve offerings, help internal teams and provide fun features to our fans. Our current tech stack: We use AWS and Heroku to run our current backend and API services. We use python where possible, but open to using which ever tools and languages are best suited to solve the problem. Our current machine learning pipelines use spaCy, Keras (with Tensorflow), sklearn. Why Work for Zyper? - Great benefits including health care and executive coaching - Team Lunch on Fridays - Opportunities for Flexible Working - An endless supply of Reese's pieces. - Awesome office space and a list of incredible big name brands to work with. - Highly competitive salary dependent on experience
