Company Description At Abercrombie & Fitch, quality is in our roots and we're on a mission to honor this rich heritage. With an unwavering focus on our customer, we strive every day to deliver a unique and welcoming experience, whether in our stores or online. Our three global brands, Abercrombie & Fitch, abercrombie kids and Hollister Co., are the embodiment of our passion for the incredible product. At the heart of it all is our amazing 500-acre campus, nestled just outside of Columbus, Ohio. With an open workspace, inspiring views, and even a place to gather as a team around the fire pit, our Home Office fosters a diverse and inclusive culture that consistently seeks the input of our associates and focuses on the future. We are looking for leaders, visionaries, and creatives who are willing to roll up their sleeves and write the next chapter in our brand's legacy. Job Description Our Corporate Strategy and Customer Insights (CSCI) team is the hub of harvesting and analyzing data to drive strategic, customer-centric business decisions for our brands. By collaborating with partners across a broad variety of business functions, associates on our CSCI team provide recommendations that allow our teams to push boundaries and stay at the forefront of retailtrends. The Data Scientist on our A&F Corporate Analytics team will focus on statistical modeling, customer segmentation, geo analytics and modeling, advanced customer and product lifecycle analyses, E-commerce, and measurement process support. Primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channel sales potential by market, develop modeling/segmentation approach for various work streams, incorporate new data types & sources into existing data structures, and develop actionable data products that drive the company's bottom line. This role would closely partner with our Marketing/Real Estate/Product Management/Operations teams to helpsupport their advanced analytics/reporting and segmentation needs. Bring passion for learning and data-informed decision making that shapes holistic view of our business with consideration for all aspects of the customerexperience - from front-end web & store experience through order fulfillment and customer service. What will you be doing? Modeling & Segmentation Build innovative machine learning models and segmentations for personalization initiatives to drive margin, revenue and conversion. Develop Geo optimization models that drive market opportunity assessment and real estate location selection; decompose omni-channel impact in the marketplace as result of store open/closures. Build out robust advanced segmentation schemes for our customer and email files. Develop various predictive models (response, propensity, life-time value, affinity, churn etc.). Understand and be able to apply advanced modeling techniques such as logistic regression, generalized linear models, decision trees, random forest, cluster analysis, survival analysis, etc. Identify "low hanging" opportunities to increase conversion, save costs, drive revenue. Incorporate new data sources (social, clickstream, unstructured) & new types of data into segmentation/modeling/analysis. Analytics Ecosystem Serve as quantitative SME for broader A&F team. Help identify cross-channel / cross-platform optimization opportunities for customer, product, market, promotions and price. Be an evangelist of data-informed decision-making and consistently look out for new ways to leverage data and analytics. Ensure data accuracy and single source of truth; work with Data Engineers to identify or build new solutions. What will you need to bring? Bachelor's Degree in Economics, Business, Operations/Supply Chain, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field and 6+ years of Data/Customer Analytics experience (retailenvironment is a plus), including: Customer-level Predictive Models/Segmentation Geo/Location Analytics Advanced Analyses (LTV, basket analysis, contact stream optimization, elasticity etc.) Advanced Reporting; OR Master's Degree in Economics, Business, Operations/Supply Chain, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field and 4+ years of Data/Customer Analytics experience (retailenvironment is a plus), including: Customer-level Predictive Models/Segmentation Geo/Location Analytics Advanced Analyses (LTV, basket analysis, contact stream optimization, elasticity etc.) Advanced Reporting Proficiency with SQL, SAS, Python or R. Familiarity with Geo analytics tools and big data platforms is a plus. Highly motivated/self-starter with a sense of ownership, willingness to learn, and desire to succeed. Must perform well in high-pressure situations, balance competing priorities, and demonstrate the ability to work without direct supervision.
