Job Description Job Title: Data Scientist Location: San Jose, CA Function: Engineering Position Type: Full-Time Position Level: Senior - Principal Travel Requirement: Minimal Travel Required Xactly Corporation was founded to solve an important challenge: how to help people everywhere connect and unleash their human potential through seamless, perfectly aligned Sales Performance Management. Xactly's comprehensive Sales Performance Management (SPM) suite leverages data from a sales performance AI platform to provide timely insights across the entire SPM value chain, from sales planning to execution, including compensation to optimization. Xactly takes Sales Performance Management from a dark art to a science, providing decision-makers with the data insights they need to tap the motivational power of their incentive compensation. With access to predictive analytics and benchmark data, enterprises can now optimize territories, design the right compensation and incentive plans and accelerate attainment and optimization of sales performance. THE OPPORTUNITY As Xactly's Data Scientist, your work will have a strategic and measurable impact not just on our business but on ourcustomer's businesses too. In this position, you will work on strategic data analysis, predictive modeling algorithms and data visualization that will truly shape the future of business. You will be working with actual empirical incentive management data (monetary, social, gamification) that incents personal behavior to achieve measurable business results. THE TEAM Xactly's Engineering team is nimble and executes quickly. Covering offices in San Jose, Denver, Bangalore, and Toronto, we have a strong focus on cutting-edge and high-quality code and products. All engineers are encouraged to operate independently with the highly level of accountability, but also have the ability to be a team player and work with multiple teams. THE SKILL SET Deep knowledge of information retrieval, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and modeling Hands-on programming skills with one of R, Java, Scala or Python Familiarity with one or more machine learning tools such as Spark MLib, TensorFlow, R, Scikit learn or H2O Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, BI dashboarding, R visualization packages, etc. Knowledge of cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP or Azure Good knowledge of relational SQL and Non-SQL databases M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or another relevant technical field WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOU'LL: Attend New Hire Training Learn Xactly's development processes Gain exposure to Xactly's tools and technologies Participate in scrum development process Get to know your team WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOU'LL: Be a solid contributor to the Insights and SalesPlanning teams Working closely with our Product Managers WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOU'LL: Be designing experiments and building machine learning models Develop end-to-end prediction and recommendation pipelines on Hadoop/ Spark Ensure the best development practices are being used Ensure that we are meeting the highest quality releases WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOU'LL: Be an expert in Xactly Insights and SalesPlanning products Take full ownership of the machine learning models Own the data science team and processes Continuously offer process improvements in your team
