Overview Data Scientist II Seattle, WA or Portland, OR Responsibilities & Requirements Cambia Health Solutions is working to create a seamless and frictionless health care experience for consumers nationwide. This presents a unique challenge and opportunity for innovative and disruptive solutions from the Data Office. Our Data Scientists design, develop, and implement data-driven solutions using machine learning technologies and advanced statistical analyses. You should be passionate about finding insights in data, comfortable withlarge and fragmented data sets, and command a variety of analytic tools at your disposal. In addition to quantitative mastery, the ideal candidate will effectively interpret and communicate strategic results to varied audiences, and provide analytic support for companywide process and operational improvement efforts. The ideal candidate is an independent, solution-oriented thinker witha strong background processing large data sets, applying analytical rigor and statistical methods, and driving toward actionable insights and novel solutions. At Cambia, our values are fundamental to achieving our Cause of transforming the health care industry. They guide our actions and bring diverse perspectives together to improve the health care journey better for those we serve. All eight values are equally important and linked to the others: Empathy, Hope, Courage, Trust, Commitment, Innovation, Collaboration and Accountability. These values are not just words on paper - we live them every day. Responsibilities: Research, design, develop, and implement data driven solutions using machine learning technologies andadvanced statistical methods. Work as a key part of cross-functional teams with various internal customer groups to study quantified business cases, identify business problems and formulate desired outcomes. Generate and test working hypotheses: aggregate and mine data, conduct analyses, and extract actionable results. Apply statistical techniques to develop models utilizing large-scale database systems. Develop and improve machine learning, natural language processing, and information retrieval techniques and systems for knowledge management and discovery. Identify ways to analyze consumers' experiences from various communication channels and improve customer satisfaction. Cluster and analyze large amounts of user generated content and process data in large-scale environments in Amazon AWS such as EC2, EMR, MapReduce, and PySpark. Design novel algorithms for problem solving, which may include data cleaning, feature selection, statistical modeling, data clustering and classification, text processing, and other machine learning techniques, to solve complex healthcare problems presented by healthcare organizations. Minimum Requirements: BA/BS degree (or equivalent experience) in a strongly quantitative field such as: Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, Information Systems, Computational Linguistics, and 6years of related work experience or equivalent combination of education and experience. Master's orPhD degree preferred. Whole-brain thinking: Possessing the ability to think creatively and demonstrate analytical skills, analyzing complex situations both alone and as part of a team, learning quickly and synthesizing solutions, options and action plans. Demonstrable knowledge of and practical experience applying AI methodologies such as natural language processing, personalization and machine learning algorithms (e.g. regression, clustering, neural networks, kernel methods, dimensionality reduction, ensemble methods, decision tree methods, recommendation systems). Machine learning algorithm implementation experience as well as the ability to modify standard algorithms, e.g., change objective functions, work out the math, and implement. Experience with cleaning, aggregating, and pre-processing data from varied sources. Demonstrated ability to create complex SQL queries, analyze large amounts of data, create visualizations, and interpret qualitative data (research, feedback) and incorporate into analyses. Excellent oral and written communication skills to effectively interact and communicate with a broad array of internal and external contacts including leadership. Strong facilitation skills, including the ability to resolve issues and build consensus among groups of diverse stakeholders. Ability to coordinate cross-functionally to drive solutions and resolve issues in a timely and effective manner. Demonstrated ability to work with minimal direction, with the ability to coordinate complex activities. Strong programming skills in at least one object-oriented programming language, e.g., Java, Python, C++, Go, etc. Proficiency in open-source and machine learning toolkits such Tensorflow, PyTorch, Stanford CoreNLP, NLTK, Gensim, OpenNLP, scikit-learn, NumPy, etc. The following skills/experiences/knowledge, a plus: Expertise in one or more of the following AI specializations: natural language processing, personalization, information retrieval, recommendation systems, or knowledge bases. Experience and/or motivation to work on modern deep learning approaches. Experience with noisy and/or unstructured textual data, such as tweets and search queries. Knowledge of or experience in building production quality and large-scale deployment of applications related to AI, data science and machine learning. Experience with large-scale data analysis tools in a cloud environment, such as Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, etc. Experience with open-source search engines like ElasticSearch, Solr or Lucene. Demonstrated knowledge of health plan operations, medical terminologies/ontologies and/or clinical informatics and healthcare systems. Knowledge of RESTful APIs and visualization tools, such as HTML, CSS, JS, and D3.js. General software development skills (source code management, debugging, testing, deployment, etc.) Publication in AI academic conferences/journals or industrial circles, such as AAAI, IJCAI, ACL, EMNLP, NAACL, NIPS, ICML, KDD, SIGIR, WWW, etc.
