Position Overview At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a Data Scientist, Sr. within PNC's AMM Administration organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA or Cleveland, OH. Required technical skills: Proficiency with R, Python, and SQL programming languages, with knowledge of related data analysis libraries. Experience in theory and practice with Machine Learning algorithms to design models related to classification, regression and clustering. Preferred technical skills: Experience across broad range of modern data science and analytics tools (such as Spark) Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) Experience in theory and practice with Natural Language Processing methods to analyze documents and other unstructured text data sources. Experience in theory and practice of Deep Learning modelling, using software tools such as Tensorflow & Keras, and Pytorch. Required soft skills: Proven ability to define problems and opportunities in a complex or ambiguous area. Good team player interested in sharing knowledge and cross-training other team members and shows interest in learning new technologies and products.Job Description Leads the implementation of analytical projects that leverage vast amounts of structured and unstructured data to extract actionable business insights. Directs the data gathering, data processing and data mining of large and complex datasets. Leads the development of algorithms using advanced mathematical and statistical techniques like machine learning to predict business outcomes and recommend optimal actions to management. Leads analytical experiments in a methodical manner to find opportunities for product and process optimization. Presents business insights to management using visualization technologies and data storytelling. Partners with Data Architects, Data Analysts, Data Engineers and Visualization Experts to develop data-driven solutions for the business. PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be: Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. Competencies Data Architecture – Knowledge and ability to create models and standards to govern which data is collected, and how it is stored, arranged, integrated, and put to use in data systems and in organizations.Data Mining – Knowledge of tools, techniques and practices in data mining technologies used to acquire essential business information.Disruptive Innovation – Knowledge of concepts, principles, and approaches of disruptive innovation; ability to adopt the knowledge into related processes and practices.Information Capture – Knowledge of the processes and the ability to identify, capture and document relevant business information in an auditable, organized, understandable and easily retrievable manner.Machine Learning – Knowledge of principles, technologies and algorithms of machine learning; ability to develop, implement and deliver related systems, products and services.Modeling: Data, Process, Events, Objects – Knowledge of and the ability to use tools and techniques for analyzing and documenting logical relationships among data, processes or events.Prototyping – Knowledge of and ability to implement prototyping disciplines, tools and techniques in evolutionary models within the target environment.Query and Database Access Tools – Knowledge of and the ability to use, support and access facilities for extracting and formatting a database management system.Work Experience Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 5+ years of industry-relevant experience. Specific certifications are often required. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered.Education Masters (Required)
