Zola, the fastest growing wedding company in the country, is seeking a Data Analytics Manager / Data Scientist that will help define and build Zola's internal and customer-facing data products. As the Data Analytics Manager / Data Scientist, you will be part of a hard-working, cross-functional team that is responsible for creating Zola's data advantage. This is a unique opportunity to join one of the hottest start-ups that is reinventing the wedding planning and registry experience to make the happiest moment in our couple's lives even happier! From engagement to wedding and decorating your first home, Zola is there, combining compassionate customer service with modern tools and technology. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Partner with Business Units, Leadership, Product and Engineering to consistently iterate and improve upon Zola's ability to generate personalized recommendations (home style profiles, wedding style profiles, etc.) Maintain our existing multi-touch attribution and LTV models. Work with key business stakeholders to improve upon these models as necessary Build a model capable of identifying the next best action for Zola couples based on their stage in the wedding planning journey Quantify the expected business impact of your model using historical data. Seek feedback from relevant business partners on how to improve the model based on their knowledge of our products Work with the Engineering team to deploy this model to production Design experiments to test the efficacy of your model. Iterate and improve upon the model as necessary SKILLS & QUALIFICATION Degree in CS, applied mathematics, or a related discipline 4+ years of experience in an analytical role in a fast-paced environment Retail or consumer experience is a plus Ability to work cross-functionally, apply a structured approach to problem-solving in the presence of ambiguity, and communicate relevant insights to senior leadership Strong knowledge of SQL and prior statistical modeling experience with at least one of the following languages: Python or R Knowledge of data warehouse design and the ability to audit existing data models Prior experience applying supervised and unsupervised learning techniques to business problems in a B2C context. Ability to quantify and articulate the expected business impact of your statistical modeling work is a must.
