Our Data Science team are central to our global strategy. Their work enables our clients to quickly create and deploy solutions that drive innovation, optimise operations, offer insight and drive transformation. Ultimately the team are responsible for enabling our client's competitiveness by accelerating ROI from any data science initiative with products that transform data into insight. Operating across sectors and with a high degree independence our data scientists have helped improve performance for F1 teams, built solutions for reducing fraud in financial trading, worked with NASA medical teams, and initiated changes in California traffic laws. We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our team. You are seeking an opportunity to deliver thought leadership, to challenge and develop both your knowledge as well as our client's data science capabilities. You will join a team of highly collaborative individuals as a senior team member and play a key role in developing our capability. You will lead client conversations, represent TIBCO at industry events and draw together our TIBCO user community. You will lead technical projects developing analytics deliverables using methods from data mining, machine learning, and statistical modeling. The role can be based in San Francisco or Seattle. Must have a minimum of 5+ years of practical data analysis experience post-internship. What You'll Do Customer Engagement through presales support and post-sales consulting projects. Collaborate across stakeholder team on specific industry knowledge, analytics use cases and customer stories. Apply techniques such as machine learning, statistical analysis and predictive modeling to deliver business value. Create re-­usable data models, workflows and test suites in order to streamline project delivery. Product; providing input into product management and engineering for product roadmap. Innovation; innovate in the area of application and deployment of machine learning Tool Kit Development; creating demos and templates. Technical Marketing; creating white papers, blogs and content for the TIBCO user community. Represent the team as a speaker or instructor in industry events and external conferences. Who You Are 5+ years of experience in advanced data analysis and delivery of demonstrations, projects, engagements or deployed software applications. Experience with applying predictive analytics such as machine learning and optimization techniques to large, complex and disparate data sources. The ability to comfortably communicate with senior industry personnel, provide compelling presentations and demonstrations of analytics software, and the business value of analytics projects demonstrating domain knowledge in a key Industry such as Financial Services, Manufacturing, Energy, Telecommunications or Retail. 5+ years of experience with R or Python and some knowledge of SQL and experience with other software environments e.g. SAS, Matlab, Spotfire, Tableau, Qlikview, SPSS, KNIME and/or other data mining tools. Experience with other software components for data preparation and integration e.g. Data Virtualization and Big Data tools such as Hadoop and Spark and/or further programming or scripting environments e.g. .Net, Java, IronPython, Javascript, C++ is a plus. A Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science or related analytical field of study with graduate classes in statistics and data mining. Capable of working in in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Readiness to travel domestically.
