Role Description The Neo4j Solutions organization is seeking an experienced data scientist who is passionate about graphs and machine learning to join a growing team. As a solutions data scientist, you will be responsible for scoping, prototyping and productionizing solutions to technical problems that make use of traditional data science methodologies as well as graph algorithms. Examples include building tools for entity resolution (disambiguation) across large heterogeneous databases, recommendation systems that make use of both collaborative filtering and machine learning, or fraud detection models that use graph based features to better identify fraudulent accounts or transactions. This role will work with the rest of the solutions team to develop frameworks and examples that can be deployed to customers or customized for specific use cases. You will also be working directly with Neo4j's customers and our professional services team to help customers realize their AI/ML solutions. This role is 50% billable on customer projects throughout the year. You will: Partner with external customers to identify, scope, and implement solutions to graph driven data science problems, Work independently to prototype and productionize deployable machine learning models that can support real world use cases like entity resolution, recommendation engines, fraud detection, or relational inference Work with Solutions Engineering to develop customizable user interfaces and solution frameworks Support sales and professional services teams in their conversations and interactions with customer data science teams, including helping scope and assess user requirements Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering to leverage new product features, and to drive product prioritization. Write code to ingest and process large datasets and develop appropriate data models (database architectures) to meet user requirements to support machine learning applications Become an expert in the application of graph algorithms, and graph native machine learning approaches, to real world machine learning problems. Be willing to travel up to 50% Ideally, you should have: Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or other quantitative fields, or equivalent experience 2+ years of experience in building and productionizing machine learning models using both supervised and unsupervised approaches. Client facing consultative experience of at least 5 years Proven experience working with data science teams to implement AI/ML solutions Experience in mentoring or leading small teams Familiarity with NLP approaches, including entity recognition, ontology management, and topic modeling Proficiency in Python, familiarity with Java, Javascript or Scala Experience working with modern machine learning libraries, such as SKLearn, Pandas, Numpy, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlow, nltk, PySpark, etc. Experience working with big data frameworks such as Hadoop or Spark Excellent client facing skills, including working with both technical and non-technical customers to define requirements, approaches, and acceptance criteria.
