Paige is a software company helping pathologists and clinicians make faster, more informed diagnostic and treatment decisions by mining decades of data from the world's experts in cancer care. We are leading a digital transformation in pathology by leveraging advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology to create value for the oncology clinical team.

Paige is the first company to develop clinical grade AI tools for the pathologist, which resulted in our receiving FDA breakthrough designation for our first product.

We're seeking a Data Engineer, Digital & Comp Pathology who will be involved in the development and support of software applications, tools and data management pipelines for research and clinical purposes. Following modern product development practices, you will also assist in the design, implementation and maintenance of tools that extract and manipulate data from various sources, including in-house and external databases, for computational pathology. This is an extraordinary opportunity to be part of a high-performing team and to pursue a life-changing mission with unique technical challenges!

Responsibilities
Create software and data pipelines that enable the ingestion, transformation and transfer of large amounts of structured and unstructured data from various databases and filesystems sources, that are destined for the development of computation pathology applications and algorithms.
Create database logic to automatically fetch and store data in various forms. Architect and develop scalable, reliable and high-performance backend applications.
Participate in server, application, and database development and in the building and testing of complex systems.
Design and develop software tools into existing resources. Be responsible for design, coding, testing, packaging, debugging, documentation and deployment of software systems.
Familiarity with DevOps practices.
Familiarity with Data Warehouses and Data Lakes concepts.
Work independently to produce required functional, technical, and user documentation (e.g., business requirements, functional and technical specifications, system architecture, data flows, end-users training requirements) on assigned projects.
Work and collaborate with scientists, engineers, IT operations and medical doctors to build tools manipulating data in order to build a new generation of artificial intelligence applications for cancer detection and treatment.
Provide consultation and guidance to scientists, engineers, as well as other bioinformatics engineers and medical doctors.
Maintain and enhance professional growth and development through participation in scientific and technical discussions, workshops, and seminars to keep current in the development of industry-grade software.
Requirements
Extensive experience in Python programming, or related language.
Extensive experience in development of SQL database schema and query logic.
Experience with RDBMS and NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB).
Experience architecting data warehouses and/or data lakes for large amounts of structured and unstructured data.
Extensive experience architecting scalable backend architectures.
Experience in building and testing complex systems.
Experience in packaging and deploying applications on-premise and in the cloud (e.g. AWS).
Familiarity with modern development practices and DevOps.
Interest in building non-standard medical software applications, in collaboration with medical partners. Cross-disciplinary and strong analytic skills required.
Master's degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent years of experience.
6+ years of industry experience as a software engineer
Preferred
Excellent communication skills and superb eye for detail.
