Data Scientist Micron Technology's vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people, innovation, tenacity, collaboration, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and professionalism while supporting our global community. As a Data Scientist at Micron's Smart Manufacturing and Artificial Intelligence Organization, you will be working on multidisciplinary projects using groundbreaking data science skills. You will be collaborating with a Worldwide Data Science Team to design and build Big Data tools, models, and analytics to unlock business value from data in-sights. You will have the opportunity and expectation to continuously improve skills and explore new top tier technology and creatively deliver solutions to manufacturing operations to meet our best in class goals. Responsibilities and Tasks Work with an international team of data scientists, data engineers, software engineers, process and equipment engineers, process integration engineers, yield enhancement engineers, R&D, etc. in a collaborative manner to develop new data science solutions that improve quality, improve yield, reduce deviations, improve manufacturing cycle time, reduce cost, extend manufacturing capabilities, etc. Draw from a broad background of data-mining techniques in mathematics, statistics, information technology, machine learning, data engineering, design of experiments (DOE), visualization, etc. to discover insightful patterns in semiconductor manufacturing data Work on projects and develop solutions that would be of high impact to various areas at all manufacturing fabs Work closely with IT and Suppliers on data management, requirements gathering, accessing and preparing necessary data, and working with data scientists to build machine learning models. Developing new or improving prior data acquisition and ETL pipelines from various sources into the ecosystem. Working with various scientific data such as equipment sensor data and logs, image and various types of signals, manufacturing process data, etc. to extract meaningful information for analytics Crafting intuitive user interfaces for interactive data visualization to explain insights from data Qualifications At least 5 years of work experience in data science solution implementation Full stack development experience prefers though not a must PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Machine Learning or related field Superb communication skills with a demonstrable ability to lead multiple teams/projects in parallel, reporting to senior leaders Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills Strategically focused, impact oriented, highly organized and adaptable.
