Senior Data Scientist San Francisco Senior Data Scientist About You You are a creative, rigorous senior data scientist who is excited to solve meaningful business problems. You are comfortable with a range of statistical and machine learning techniques with the ability to creatively apply them to our problems. You are proficient in translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework, and making intelligent approximations to propose practical and scalable solutions. You have a passion for consumer products, shipping code, and data focused experiments. You enjoy developing models that will have an enormous impact on our next chapter. And you are excited to play a key role in crafting the product from inception to implementation and beyond. Responsibilities Work closely with engineers, product managers and other data scientists to develop algorithms, and drive key product and modeling decisions. Lead the end-to-end process of conceptualizing, developing, deploying, and analyzing models. Present your insights and suggestions to audiences of all levels in the company. Dedicatedly perform explorations of data and algorithms to improve our models. Research the best metrics; design and validate experiments to measure model performance. Mentor junior team members to help them elevate to the next level. Required Qualifications Deep understanding of mathematical methods in statistics, optimization, and machine learning. Demonstrable experience applying these methods to real data problems such as classification, regression, recommendation system, or time series analysis. Strongly self-motivated with a keen pair of eyes for details. A natural desire to learn and innovate with like-minded colleagues. Fluent in a production-ready programming language such as Python. Ability to deploy and scale models into a production environment on AWS as services by collaborating with engineers. Fluent in common data science tools, e.g. scikit-learn, numpy, pandas and PyTorch/Keras in Python (preferred) or equivalent tools in Java, Scala or R. Fluent in SQL or equivalent query languages; ability to efficiently query large datasets, and visualize the results. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of not only the fundamental algorithms and methodologies, but also the latest machine learning techniques. Demonstrated experience and expertise in at least one of risk modeling, pricing, product experience, and growth marketing. Experience in experiment design and analysis. Experience building recommendation systems. Experience with AWS data warehouses, data lakes, and ETL frameworks such as Airflow. Experience with Spark and/or Hive. Benefits Competitive salary and equity for all full-time employees Employer paid medical, dental, and vision insurance Generous paid time off, paid holidays, paid volunteer time off, and paid parental leave Weekly catered lunch with a fully-stocked kitchen Company-sponsored happy hours and team events Turo host matching and vehicle reimbursement program Turo travel credit every month
