Are you interested in designing and implementing analytical models for delivering actionable business insights and decision support? Schneider may have just the role for you. As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be responsible for creating statement of work documents, data identification, data preparation (merging data from different sources, cleansing, manipulation, etc.), model selection and creation (descriptive as well as prescriptive models) model training, testing, improving and documenting. You will prepare reports of findings and present to executives, as well as develop key performance indicators to enable tracking of the project benefits. If this sounds interesting, read on for more details. About the role, you will: Develop and deepen relationships with clients to sufficiently understand their business operations and practices to apply the appropriate methods, models and analysis. Gather and integrate business information and data into appropriate models and tools to support the development of solutions. Prepare written non-technical reports and presentations to managers and key decision makers indicating solution or range of possible alternatives solution pros and cons and technical recommendations. Prepare proposals, statements-of-work, project logs and effectively communicate technical engineering solutions into appropriate business language for clear client understanding. Effectively scope projects and work assignments and make realistic work completion estimates. Develop appropriate work communication and contingency plans. Build creative statistics models and technical approaches that address complex business issues. As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401(k) savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider values individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here. About you: A PhD degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related field, plus two years of relevant work experience is preferred. A Masters degree plus four years of relevant work experience is required. Do you have a good understanding of transportation, logistics, and warehousing problems and applications as well as knowledge of advanced statistics modeling, solution techniques and tools? Are you able to build effective business relationships with clients, peers and associates? A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical methodologies (time-series forecasting, logistic regression, Random Forests, K-Mean Clustering and Bayesian Methods, (Machine Learning, etc.) as well as ability to select the appropriate methodology to complete assignments is the key to success in this role. Do you have working knowledge of databases (SQLite, Oracle, MSSQL) and spreadsheets (Excel) and an understanding of the capabilities and uses of database applications? Are you proficient with a statistical programming language such as R, SAS or Python and data analysis and visualization software packages such as SPSS, Tableau as well as writing complex queries using SQL? Experience with Big data (Hadoop Map/reduce, Spark, Hive, Pig, Mahout) and cloud computation (AWS, Azure) highly desired. Company Overview: Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we've grown and evolved to become a $5 billion company (2018 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences. The Schneider Way: We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect. We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships. We are a responsible member of the community. Core Values: Safety-first and always Integrity in every action Respect for all Excellence in all that we do
