Phreesia is looking for an experienced Data Scientist with very strong analytical and technical skills to join our growing Data Science Team. We are looking for someone with an understanding of and demonstrable experience using statistical principles to communicate results (experimental design, a/b testing and other frameworks). This individual will collaborate with Data Scientists and Data Engineers to propose, test, validate, evaluate, and deploy Machine Learning Models. You will be joining a team of especially smart, humorous, quick-witted, and dedicated coworkers, all passionate about data and improving patient access to healthcare. You will be responsible for building data products for internal consumption, near real-time business intelligence tools, and predictive models. We are looking for someone with years of experience partnering with business stakeholders, translating their needs into technical solutions and answers, and then building and delivering those solutions. What You Will Do: Leverage Phreesia's massive and ever-growing dataset to build data products that provide actionable business insights Propose new Machine Learning models to improve our existing products, as well as devise and build models for new opportunities Navigate and use diverse machine learning stacks in (e.g. Python, R, Keras) and make good decisions about which to use to solve a problem. Use NLP techniques to parse, process and structure textual data Quickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches. Build customized dashboards for internal and external clients. Ensure new projects are tracked properly throughout their life cycle. Write clean, well-tested, code that will stand the test of time. Be an expert communicator: You could summarize your daily progress in a tweet. Nice to have: Hands-on experience and understanding of Graph and/or search Databases (e.g. neo4j, elasticsearch) is a plus Healthcare experience and a basic understanding of clinical terms is a plus Experience building knowledge graphs and representations is a plus Hands on experience using Apache Spark in a professional context Who We Are: At Phreesia, we're committed to helping healthcare organizations succeed in a fast-changing landscape—and we need smart, passionate people to help us do it. Our innovative SaaS platform offers our clients a suite of applications to manage the intake process, giving them the tools to engage patients, improve efficiency, optimize staffing and enhance clinical care. Our solutions are in all 50 states, and we check in 70 million patients a year! Basically, what you are doing here matters and hard work does not go unnoticed. Not only does Phreesia care about our clients we also care about our employees. We are proud to say that we have grown 40% each year and consistently continue to do so. If you crave working with driven and engaged colleagues, a structured sales process, consistent recognition, defined career path, and enjoy working in revamped new areas, this may be the right opportunity for you. Benefits and Perks: Variety of health plan options, dental/vision coverage, and short/long-term and life insurance plan 401(k) savings plan Flexible working hours Unlimited vacation Unlimited snacks and drinks in our offices Mobile phone stipends, monthly subway pass reimbursement and internet reimbursement 100% paid maternity leave to our U.S. employees, as well as a generous maternity benefit to our employees in Canada Tuition and certification reimbursement as well as other professional development opportunities
