Job Description Intel's BMG (Business Management Group) is responsible for setting the price, forecasting the demand, and allocating the supply of CPUs that make nearly all of Intel's ~$70B of revenue. We are undertaking a major initiative to modernize our tools, processes, and methods to take advantage of modern analytic techniques. We refer to the collection of Machine Learning, AI, Advanced Analytics and Data Science techniques as 'MAAD'. A historically data-driven and data-rich organization, we aspire for Intel to build a world-class analytics practice with both top and bottom-line impacts. This role offers a unique opportunity use your skills as a Data Scientist to have a major impact on a multi-billion dollar business. As a senior Data Scientist your responsibilities may include: Aide in the selection of the focus areas/experiments/project selection defining the and assessing technical due diligence criteria. Use predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining, and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights largely form structured data sets (e.g. econometric data, historical time series forecasts and actuals, and others) and some unstructured data (e.g. in future may include things like salesforce or web scraping, sentiment extraction etc). Develop and implement models, algorithms and potentially software and applications to apply mathematics to data, perform large & small scale experimentation to translate data into intelligence, solving a variety of business problems and enabling successful business strategy. Build proofs of concept locally and define and convey the data requirements to data engineers or solution architects in order to build our data sets and records into a cross org data pipeline including: collecting, cleaning, integrating, storing, handling, transforming, querying, analyzing, and visualizing data. Act as a "Data Translator" to Communicate and understand the value of analytic work, articulate and advocate for work on the basis of estimated/calculated business impact Assist business colleagues in identifying causal relationships, applying inferences, and finding patterns and relationships in data. Influence IT, Enterprise Business Planning and other partner orgs on needs for data infrastructure, tools, etc. Define & apply technical due diligence criteria for project selection Work hand in hand with the MAAD Program manager to advocate for and build a community of practice for MAAD across the organization. A successful candidate will demonstrate: Ability to experiment, learn, persist through setbacks and solve difficult problems with a methodical approach. Machine learning & analytics packages proficiency (e.g. R, Data Robot, Azure ML studios, Stata, SAS Viya, and others like Mahout, Matlab, Octave, Weka if applicable Proficiency in scripting languages (i.e. Python, Perl, R) Working with medium sized data sets (10's of thousands of data points, hundreds of variables, thousands of engineered variables/interaction effects) Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Minimum Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in: -Driving measurable impact to organizations through applied data science -Conducting analyses of data to address pricing, demand forecasting, supply/demand matching or other business operations or sales operations functions -Demonstrated ability to influence and communicate (written and in person) at all levels of the organization Bachelor's degree in statistics, economics, computer science, mathematics/physics, machine learning, operations research, and or equivalent expertise applied to business decision making (proven via real work experience). This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position. Preferred Qualifications: Programing languages (i.e. Java, C/C++, SQL). Big Data technologies (i.e. Hadoop, HBase, Lucene/Solr) Familiarity with DL frameworks (Tensor Flow, Pytorch, CNTK, MXNet, Paddle paddle) Using open sourced solutions from the wild and pointing them to good use internally. Inside this Business Group Intel's Sales and Marketing (SMG) organization works with global customers and partners to solve critical business problems with Intel based technology solutions. SMG works across business units to amplify the customers voice and deliver solutions that accelerate their business. Our teams work across the entire sales cycle, pushing ingredient products to our "billings" customers while also pulling end solutions through to "consumption". We work across numerous industries, including retail, enterprise and government, cloud services and healthcare as examples. The operations team focuses on forecasting, driving alignment with factory production and delivering efficiency tools and our marketing capability drives demand and localized marketing in locations around the globe. Our sales force navigates a complex partner and customer ecosystem while shaping product roadmaps, driving value for our customers, and collaborating to harness emerging technology trends to deliver comprehensive solutions. Other Locations US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, California, Folsom;US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.... US Experienced Hire JR0116757
