Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Define product improvement opportunities, provide solutions and formulate data science problems Understand consumer needs and defines a strategy for delivering a magical experience Research, design, implement, and deploy scalable computer vision, deep learning, and machine learning solutions from prototype to production Design and implement state-of-the-art computer vision algorithms for experience personalization, object detection, classification and segmentation Leverage deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning to regularly invent new and novel approaches to solve problems Provide solution strategy and make best practice recommendations Use analytic techniques like advanced data visualizations, machine learning and large-scale optimization to improve customers' adoption and retention. Identify and answer important product questions that help improve business outcomes Work with cross-functional partners to design and execute controlled experiments to quantify the effects of product changes. Analyze and interpret the results. Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high dimensionality data from multiple sources Communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to business partners and senior management Here's what you'll bring to the team: Requires a master's degree in analytics, computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, or related advanced analytical & optimization fields. Alternatively, a bachelor's degree in analytics, computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, or related advanced analytical & optimization fields, plus 5 years of prior work experience. Ability to quickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches. Strong computer vision, machine learning, and video-processing, with hands-on experience in building prototypes Experience (via work experience or coursework) in exploratory and applied algorithm research: driving solutions from vaguely specified problem descriptions through iterative exploration and prototyping to robust implementations Deep understanding of modern computer vision and machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make engineers and product leads around you learn. Knowledge & proficiency with Tensorflow, Keras, or other deep learning frameworks. Knowledge of one or more of the advanced analysis tools - SQL, Python, R, Matlab, JMP, SAS gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience. Knowledge in one or more of the following languages: Python, Scala, Java, R gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience. Solid foundation in theoretical Mathematics and Physics, gained through academic (University), internships, or work experience. Knowledge in Regression and/or Machine Learning gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience. Experience in Neural Networks and Natural Language Processing is a plus. Knowledge in Statistics, optimization theoretical concepts and/or optimization problem formulation gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience Knowledge in code design, Object Oriented Programming concepts and/or execution in Hadoop and/or Spark environment gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience.
