Description Greystone is a national financial services and private investment group and one of the nation's leading providers of commercial mortgages for multifamily and healthcare properties. We offer a comprehensive line of real estate finance products for our clients. Greystone seeks leaders and team players, candidates who can work in a collaborative environment and possess drive, integrity, creativity, compassion and a strong work ethic. We are Greystone Labs, an innovation team and lender composed of underwriters, software engineers and data scientists. Our goal is to make commercial finance simple, transparent and accessible. For instance, we have developed a cloud-based loan model that keeps the whole deal team in sync in real time - which allows us to double our production without increasing risk. We leverage large sets of data, web apps and APIs and a sprinkle of genuine machine learning to make lending as streamlined and self-sufficient as possible. We are looking for a resourceful, self-directed person to join our team as a Data Scientist. The ideal candidate would own data related projects involving data scraping, API building, data ingestion, database design and creation, feature engineering, data analysis, implementation of machine learning algorithms, and data visualization. This position is based in our New York City office. Principal Duties and Responsibilities • Collaborate with various internal teams to execute on projects involving automated processes • Evaluate data vendors and work on data strategy • Create ETL processes for periodic updates from external data sources • Document project work in interactive notebooks like Jupyter notebook • Work on predictive models to analyze rent, property income, vacancy rate, etc. • Create data pipelines for our internal tools and applications • Collaboratively work with the other team members Experience, Skills and Abilities Required • 3-5 years prior experience • Degree in Computer Science • Must have experience in the following: Python, SQL (Postgres , Microsoft SQL) , R, Excel, data visualization tools (python/R, Tableau, Power BI) • Heroku, Salesforce experience helpful • Detail oriented with strong organizational/project-management skills • Excellent verbal and written communication skills
