Infrastructure Managed Service Data Science  

Dell Technologies has an established Data Science Practice in product and Support Services. The candidate will help our Managed Services  (MS) business to enable the journey to AIOps (Machine Learning for the purpose of IT automation) using data from ITSM, monitoring systems and device logs. A candidate is self-directed and self-motivated to lead the methodology of solving those problems and possess strong communication skills in order to relate the data science solution.  It is especially important that an embedded Data Scientist is an enthusiastic collaborator, both with MS business and with Data Scientists on other teams. 


Common responsibilities of the role include:   
Being willing to dig into data - Discover data sources, get access to them, import them, clean them up, and make them  “model-ready”  
A true love for calculating metrics, statistical calculations, and new metric definition – knowing how to ask the right questions 
A true love for data visualization and communicating data stories 
 Become a subject matter expert of the data to create and refine features for modeling   
Perform hands-on data analysis and modeling with huge data sets 
Experience applying the right ML model to solve business problems 
Evaluate data science models in terms of outcomes and computational performance 
Work side-by-side with product managers, software engineers, data engineers, and data analysts in creating data science products 
Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge 
 Ability to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing to scientists and non-scientists    


Required skills/technologies:   
Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL. 
 Solid programming skills to retrieve, analyze and process data, and build machine learning models from the ground up (Python/R)  
 Deep knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, data mining, statistics, NLP or related field  
 Has been part of a team that has taken projects from concept to production at scale   
 Familiarity with Agile practices, ML ecosystem, and enterprise-class tools   


Experience:   
Either: 
Bachelor’s  plus 7 years experience / 
Master’s  plus 3-5 years experience / 
PhD  plus 2-3 years of experience 
Must have been a practicing DS (Data Science) before, at least 1-2 years and have experience with enterprise class deployment 
Formal Data Science training is highly desired.  



Company Description – Dell Technologies:  
With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. 


Why work with us?:   
Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with passion for technology. 
When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. 
Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. 
We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. 
Our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work.  


Benefits   
We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. 


Apply now!   

Dell is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Austin, TX 78716 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         971_R68750
