Overview The Data Scientist is responsible for using advanced statistical, algorithmic, machine learning, mining and visualization techniques to help advance and complete client projects. The Data Scientist must also be able to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to management and executive level audiences. Responsibilities Working directly with client stakeholders to understand and define analysis objectives and then translate these into actionable results. Obtaining data from multiple, disparate data sources including structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. Using machine learning and data mining technique to understand the patterns in large volumes of data, identify relationships detect data anomalies, and classify data sets. Working with data integration developers to assess data quality and define data processing business rules for cleansing, aggregation, enhancement etc. support analysis and predictive modelling activities. Designing and building algorithms and predictive models using techniques such as linear and logistic regression, support vector machines, ensemble models (random forest and/or gradient boosted trees), neural networks, and clustering techniques. Deploying predictive models and integrating them into business processes and applications. Validating and optimizing model performance upon deployment and tracking over time as necessary. Presenting complex analysis results tailored to different audiences (e.g. technical, manager, executive) in a highly consumable and actionable form including the use of data visualizations. Qualifications Technical: 3+ years in a hands on role performing advanced predictive analytics using tools like Python, R, or SAS. 3+ years writing simple to complex SQL queries to obtain data from multiple source systems. 3+ years using data mining methods, such as clustering and anomaly detection, to understand data patterns and select appropriate predictive techniques. Experience with applied machine learning (tree-based methods, ensemble methods, neural networks/deep learning) Proficient understanding of relational (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL) and Big Data distributed structures (Hadoop/Spark) in order to source data effectively. Experience using natural language processing techniques preferred. Experience using advanced analytics techniques for fraud detection and prevention preferred. Experience working with social media data sources (e.g. Twitter, Facebook) preferred. Non-Technical: Excellent communication skills to be able to interact directly with non-technical client stakeholders and act in a business-to-technical translation role. Experience working in an onsite client technical consulting environment preferred. Experience working within the Agile Scrum Framework. Self-motivated and self-managing. Proficient in creating reasonable and accurate time estimates for assigned tasks. About Excella Excella is a leading provider of Agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal, commercial and non-profit sectors. We believe that great work leads to great things –- our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients, community, and colleagues. We are growing fast and need passionate, innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact. Here's what you can expect from us: We care about our employees. In fact, The Washington Post and The Washington Business Journal consistently rank us as a "Best Place to Work." You'll work with great people who love what they do: our team includes published authors, certified trainers, and internationally renowned speakers. We have a "bring your own device" workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice -- Mac or PC. It's up to you. We'll invest in your career by providing 3 days of paid professional development every year, including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences, in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications. Starting day one, every employee is bonus eligible and receives 17 days of paid vacation. You can bike, drive, or metro to work -- our commute reimbursement plan has you covered. You'll have fun! We hold monthly social events all year long, including a summer event for you and your family. Excella is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
