Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide. We're growing rapidly and looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service Provider. Interested in joining our mission? Take a look at career opportunities at Viasat today. Our Team We use the latest technologies (Spark, Kafka, Impala, Hadoop) to analyze the Terabytes of data our operational systems produce. We employ developers, data scientists, and engineers to gain insight; solving both business and technical problems. Our innovative solutions are a result of the diversity of our team. Your Opportunity As a team member, you'll build a breadth of knowledge including distributed systems, predictive analytics, and machine learning. You will design, develop, and deploy analytic pipelines to answer questions across multiple business areas and disciplines. Our Ideal Candidate We encourage learning through immersion, collaboration and action. We value adaptability and curiosity. Or ideal candidate is someone focused on solving tough problems using data and loves doing so. As a Data Scientist, you will contribute with: · Exploratory Analysis: Architect, design, and build data analysis pipelines working with large and complex data sets. · Visualizations: Create visualizations to effectively convey the information discovered through analysis. · Business Analytics: Design experiments, build dashboards, and evaluate & define metrics to improve business performance. · Modeling: Architect, Design, Build and Support data models using both real time and historical analysis. · Training: Mentor and support the training of technical and non-technical teams in data science and machine learning. Requirements: Excellent understanding of several statistical models Excellent understanding of the mathematical underpinnings and extensive experience using machine learning models A passion for neural networks approaches and deep learning Extensive experience with data analysis tools such as R, Python, SQL Familiarity with Big Data technologies such as Spark, Impala, Hadoop US Government position. US Citizenship Required Travel up to 10% Preferences: MS/PhD in a data related field such as mathematics, computer science, physics, or similar
