Description : The Lead Data Scientist is a member of the leadership team in the Big Data department. The lead is able to lead specific tasks and drive a whole project from inception to completion on the operations side. The lead effectively communicates with Business and IT partners to plan and achieve project initiatives. The lead is committed to managing projects according to accelerated timelines and ensuring all analysts under its stewardship have the resources needed to complete tasks on time. Requirements: Identify proper data sources necessary for projects and ensure they are accurately imported and joined. Identify proper analytic methodology and ensure analytic efforts are executed correctly. Ensure all projects have proper documentation taking into account potential regulatory, legal, or business concerns Fully lead analysts functionally including division of tasks/resources across projects and ensuring analysts are productive and grow. Lead communication of project results/challenges to business partners in ways they can understand. Proactive communication of delays to planned efforts. Ensure project tasks are fully planned including understanding of how implementation affects other units, how to measure results, how to achieve the expected benefit, etc. Identify and propose new technologies and tools that could benefit the Big Data team. Qualifications Minimum Bachelor's degree in a quantitative or technical field (math, statistics, computer science) with Master's degree preferred 5+ years experience in a traditional data or analytics corporate environment Strong SQL skills R, Python experience (expertise in at least 1) Familiarity w/ Tableau Knowledge of Hadoop, Distributed Systems, and Big Data ecosystem Able to rapidly learn new processes/subjects Innovative mindset with demonstrated creativity or innovation in some past work experience preferred Demonstrated leadership abilities, whether in a formal or informal role Ability to understand the big picture and drive the initiatives the lead to completion of the overall big picture Ability to work in cross-functional/departmental groups and keep multiple moving pieces straight Mentor and assist analysts in their respective functions and responsibilities. Find Us on Facebook! Follow Us on Twitter! Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply. Company Profile: Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles. Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com. We look forward to working with you. Beacon Hill. Employing the Future
