Never before have information, analytics, and artificial intelligence been so important to business success. That momentum is matched with Microsoft’s investment in empowering business transformation for our customers. Microsoft’s Advanced Services Delivery (ASD) Engineering organization is infusing AI into the digital delivery channels for reactive support, proactive support, and customer education across all Microsoft products. This role, Data Scientist, will be key in realizing this vision.

This individual will be part of a team of high caliber Data Scientists, chartered to both execute in an applied science paradigm by creating AI enabled product features and customer insights, and in a research capacity by leading new innovations and creating novel algorithms and publications. It requires agility, scientific thinking, and a wealth of curiosity. This is an opportunity to join a team with a culture fostering collaborations and partnerships across the research industry and Microsoft.

More broadly, the goal of the ASD organization, is to improve IT health outcomes for Microsoft’s largest business and enterprise customers, and to enable profitability of the Microsoft Services business via packaged, highly-scalable digital delivery assets. We do this through three primary deliverables: A platform for performing customer IT health assessments, a catalog of IP that includes digital learning assets and workshops to help educate customers, so they can make the most of their IT environments, and a portal called the Services Hub that ties it all together. We have over 20,000 active customers and are working to improve our platform and the services we deliver on top of it and driving the future of the entire Services business.

Responsibilities

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop new predictive and prescriptive models using advanced research techniques with a goal of productionalized solutions.

Collaborate closely with Analytics, Engineering, and Experimentation teams by demonstrating cross-functional resource interaction to deliver ML models.

Identify and investigate new technologies, prototype and test solutions for product features, and design and validate designs that deliver an exceptional user experience.

Combine broad and deep knowledge of relevant research domains with the ability to synthesize a wide range of requirements to make significant contributions to the feature roadmap for the applied machine learning platform.

Take responsibility for technical problem solving, including creatively meeting product objectives and developing best practices.

Own strategic thought leadership for the subject of enterprise-wide machine learning capabilities

Qualifications

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

2+ years of experience in at least 3 languages such as Python, R, SQL, Java or Scala.

2+ years of industry experience in handling high volumes of structured and unstructured data to drive business impact.

2+ Quantitative methods that include deep learning, statistical modeling, machine learning, optimization methods, recommendation systems, graph theories and NLP.

ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Adapt ML and neural network algorithms and architectures to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP and GPU).

Strong skills in at least 3 languages such as Python, R, SQL, Java or Scala.

Experience with open source tools like CNTK, Tensor flow, MxNet, Caffee and OpenCV and Big data technologies like Hive, PySpark, SparkR, Databricks etc.

Outstanding research track record in related areas, with evidence through academic publications and services

Strong theory/algorithmic background and good understanding on how to apply advanced knowledge to solve real problems

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:91862824

6+ years of industry experience in handling high volumes of structured and unstructured data

PhD in computer science with focus on machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, natural language processing

Scientific thinking and the ability to invent. Demonstrated track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field.

Top-tier publications (NIPS, PAMI, CVPR etc.)

Solid software development skills are plus.

Knowledge and experience working within cloud computing environments such as Azure or AWS.

Highly motivated to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
