Description  The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.  

Responsibilities  


We will be building state of the art AI solutions in healthcare. Come join our Humana team in our new location in the Seaport District area of Boston, MA  
You would be part of an exceptional multidisciplinary team, focused on deep learning, recommender systems, reinforcement learning, speech recognition, and image processing. 
Great opportunity to touch on different aspects of AI, share and learn from the team. 
Our dream is to bring personalized care and health insurance into reality.  

The Lead Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Advises executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action. 

This role will use mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.Work on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial, be able to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to management and executive level audiences. 

We are seeking a 
Lead Data Scientist  able to  
 have absolute fun  with the rest of us, 
develop  right analytical solutions  from a diverse repertoire of analytical techniques 
apply solutions  tool agnostic  , 
 challenge &amp; be challenged  the team and leadership. 
be part of a team bringing cutting edge tools such as wearable device and applications to our senior members  

  

Required Qualifications  
Bachelor's Degree 
5 years technical experience 
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions 
Experience in working with assignments that involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors 
Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting 
Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics 
Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components  
 

Preferred Qualifications  
Master's Degree 
4+ years technical experience 
2+ years project leadership experience 
A very strong machine learning background with deep structured learning/hierarchical learning 
Obtaining data from multiple, disparate data sources including structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. 
Experience with Deep Learning (ANN, CNN, RNN, Auto-encoders, GAN, etc. ) 
and statistical modeling techniques Experience in NLP with Audio and Video data 
Experience with speech recognition 
Experienced in recommender systems 
Demonstrated experience in image processing, computer vision, image segmentation, pattern matching, and classification 
Experience with cloud-based ecosystems (GCP, AWS, Azure) 
Experience working with data from wearables and Internet of Things (IoT) 
Experience deploying ML and DL with wearables, apps, IoT, etc. 
Experience with deploying model pipelines across various technologies, such as Kubernetes or Docker. 
Interested in
 coaching and mentoring  junior talent to 
grow next generation of Data Scientists  
Experience with Natural Language Processing, Keras, and/ or H2O   


Additional Information  
Scheduled Weekly Hours  40

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02298 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         8680_219234
