Data Scientist, Engineer - (19000056)

Description

Help us create better connected futures

Make your mark. See the difference. Be recognized.

Work with aligned engaged team members.

About us

At Transit Wireless we create even better connected futures.

Ours is a story of being big enough to deliver and maintain large-scale operations but being nimble enough to make things happen.

Our future-makers thrive on rewriting yesterdays rules. So we put Wi-Fi, fiber and wireless connectivity on subways and we create new services for our customers and communities every day.

We build technology and teams that people want to be part of and we have the courage to not only imagine, but to do what really matters.

About the role

Develop statistical models to drive key core products for an innovative company in a data rich environment.

Combine real world intelligence with sensor data to drive actionable insights for our clients.

Design and develop efficient and scalable data pipelines between enterprise systems and analytics platform

Work closely with team and participate in development and deployment of machine learning models and feature engineering pipelines

Provide technical expertise in the area of design and implementation of Ratings Integrated Data Facility with modern AWS cloud technologies such as S3, Redshift, EMR, Hive, Presto and Spark

Build and maintain a data environment for speed, accuracy, consistency and ‘up’ time

Support analytics by building a world-class data lake environment that empowers analysts to determine insights into revenue and power products across the organization

Ensure data governance principles adopted, date quality checks and data lineage implemented in each hop of the data

Be in tune with emerging trends Big data and cloud technologies and participate in evaluation of new technologies

Ensure compliance through the adoption of enterprise standards and promotion of best practice / guiding principles aligned with organization standards

About you

Demonstrated ability to distill data-driven insights through informative visualizations & executive level communications

Experience with geospatial datasets & tool-chains

Experience designing a measurement strategy to evaluate the performance of complex systems against challenging requirements

Deep understanding of statistics and/or applied math as basis for choosing techniques & experiments

Ability to develop D&A related Microservices in mainstream cloud infrastructure

Lead the data science and data engineering team in a cross-functional work environment

Lead/mentor the team to design, develop and maintain D&A solutions

BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Information Technology

8+ years of experience as data engineer at an innovative organization

4+ years of hands-on experience in implementing data lake systems using AWS cloud technologies such as S3, Redshift, EMR, Hive, Presto and Spark

Expert managing AWS services (EC2, S3, Route 53, ELB, VPC, cloudwatch, Lambda) in a multi account production environment

Experience With Machine Learning Frameworks, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, H2O, scikit-learn, Theano, Caffe or Spark MLib is an added advantage

Exposure to R, SparkR, SparklyR or Other R packages is a plus

Experience in constructing fast data staging layers to feed machine learning algorithms

Experience in building data APIs to consume analytic model output

Familiarity with machine learning model training and deployment process is a plus

Experience with development frameworks as well as data and integration technologies such as Python, Scala or Informatica

Expert knowledge of Agile approaches to software development and able to put key Agile principles into practice to deliver solutions incrementally.

Monitors industry trends and directions; develops and presents substantive technical recommendations to senior management

Excellent analytical thinking, interpersonal, oral and written communication skills with strong ability to influence both IT and business partners

Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical project timelines in a fast-paced environment

Why work with us

We are a courageous culture and we do what really matters, putting people, customers and communities at the heart of every decision.

We believe there is strength in diversity and opportunity through inclusion.

And we provide a learning environment, meaningful recognition for your contribution and competitive compensation.

Help us imagine and create what’s next. Join us.

Primary Location: US-NY-New York

Work Locations: TW - Transit Wireless, LLC 1350 Broadway 3rd Floor New York 10018

Job: Product Development

Organization: Transit Wireless (USD)

Schedule: Full-time

Shift: Day Shift

Employee Status: Regular

Job Type: Standard

Job Level: Individual Contributor

Job Posting: 10-Sep-19, 11:05:53 AM
