Are you looking for an opportunity to be part of one of the most innovative teams and help to create the best user experience in the Cloud? Are you passionate about using data to improve user experiences and core business problems? Are you motivated to find novel ways of analyzing data and helping hundreds of teams across Microsoft improve satisfaction of millions of customers? If so, we'd love to hear from you! On the Azure Management and Portal team, we're taking the user experience in the cloud to the next level. The Azure Portal team is responsible for delivering the next generation UI platform that powers Microsoft Azure (http://portal.azure.com, Azure Mobile App, Azure IaaS experiences, Azure Lighthouse UX, etc.). The team heavily relies on data for their planning, execution, and operations. One of our core principles is that "if it can't be measured, it should not be built" and for every experience, our first question is how to measure success. We have strong curiosity about the wealth of data available to us, and we are always looking for ways to use it to improve our experiences. Responsibilities We are currently looking for an energetic and talented Data Scientist to be responsible for helping us take our data driven approach to the next level! The Principal Data Scientist will exercise data science expertise for approximately 70% of the time, and program management of data-driven initiatives about 30% of the time. We believe a great candidate would be someone who: Believes that Microsoft can deliver the most beautiful, desirable, and efficient UX in the industry and wants to be a key contributor to make it happen Is a doer Has strong initiative, curiosity, and can translate/apply abstract deep knowledge to business insights that we can use to improve our product Is always pushing the boundary to improve the life and experience of our customers Qualifications Required Qualifications: 10+ years of industry experience in data science or related roles Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, mathematical or machine learning related disciplines, OR equivalent industry experience (advanced degrees preferred) Solid understanding of probability, statistics, machine learning, data science Expertise with A/B testing and analysis of machine learning models, and optimizing models for accuracy Preferred Qualifications: Ability to work across multiple models; be able to identify the different data sources across Microsoft that we should use Experience with TensorFlow/PyTorch and deep learning models is a plus Experience with, or familiarity of, Microsoft customer and commercial models and databases Experience working with UX platforms Experience with program management (in addition to data science) preferred Portfolio preferred Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check. This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
