HPC/AI/DL Chief Data Scientist 

 
Purpose:  
 The AI/DL Data Scientist will lead the design efforts for Dell EMC to create industry-leading, turnkey AI systems and solutions for the rapidly growing intelligent data analytics needs of the industry.

 
Responsibilities:  
The AI/DL Data Scientist will help design and implement AI/DL systems for a wide variety of use cases and applications. Responsibilities for this position include tracking and projecting the evolving needs of the AI community as well as understanding AI systems architectures, hardware technologies evolution, emerging technology opportunities, and the maturing AI applications software landscape and horizon.

This position will work with other Dell AI, Big Data and HPC architects, engineers, developers, product managers, and sales staff to ensure that new AI solutions are best-in-class matched to customer needs, cost-effective, supportable, and have potential for significant impact and revenue.

This technical position will maintain constant awareness of the emerging AI techniques and will participate in research activities to maintain technical vision and perspective. The position will maintain regular communications with thought leaders in AI, attend and present at leading conferences to maintain connections and context. This position will also stay abreast of the market for AI in different market segments and will help design and implement solutions for the leading customers.  
In addition to the solution design and implementation responsibilities, the AI/DL Data Scientist will lead research projects in AI, with a creative blend of theory and practice, publish results in peer-reviewed forums and blogs, collaborate with university partners and other companies to expand the company’s knowledge of emerging techniques in data analysis.  
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 



Requirements   
•            M.S. (or BSc + additional experience) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics 
•            2+ year experience with proven record in the AI and data analytics domain 
•            Programming experience in C/C++, or Python 
•            Solid Deep learning background and familiarity with state-of-the-art techniques such as deep neural networks and their use cases such as image processing, natural language processing, speech recognition 



Preferred Skills & Experience   
 
PhD. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics with specialization in AI/machine learning/Deep learning             
Contributions such as publications that have advanced the field 
Domain specific knowledge with AI use cases in one or preferable several vertical industries such as finance, manufacturing, life sciences, automotive, security, logistics, etc   
Hands on hardware experience with HPC AI/DL technologies  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Austin, TX 78716 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         971_R033926
