TEKsystems is partnering with the largest hotel chain in the hospitality industry in search of a Data Scientist. Top Skills: 1. Strong skills with Python and Big Data 2. Experience building Machine Learning models 3. Must come from a programming background Nice to have: experience with Spark, but they could learn this JOB SUMMARY Applies advanced computational techniques in the development of business solutions to data-intensive problems in the hospitality industry. This rewarding position provides a career as part of a team that makes a direct revenue impact on the hotels, globally, by providing tools that facilitate data-driven decision making in the disciplines of pricing, revenue management, sales and reservations. Works as part of a team that supports computationally-intensive data analysis and modeling efforts, provides pricing and statistical modeling and technical expertise; performs undirected research on large volumes of data to reach business conclusions and recommendations; contributes complex programming and analysis in revenue management and sales systems; analyzes data and builds innovative models to deliver business solutions; functions as a subject matter expert in all phases of the project lifecycle - inception, prototyping, design, testing, rollout and support. The Operations Research team seeks a flexible candidate with a willingness to learn that brings unique perspectives to enable creative data-driven solutions to the challenges at the organization. CANDIDATE PROFILE Education and Experience Required: * Graduate degree in a rigorous quantitative, technical or scientific subject, including Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Data Engineering, Computer Science or Engineering * 1-2 years' industry or research experience; applying analytical and programming skills against data-intensive and complex modeling or systems development * 3 years' experience in software development * An inherent curiosity in researching and developing solutions to complex and often open-ended business problems * An interest in continually learning new techniques and technologies to solve modeling challenges * An ability to explain and present mathematical concepts and results to technical and non-technical audiences * Strong communications skills and ability to work within a team * Knowledge of relational databases * Software engineering skills (e.g. distributed computing, object-oriented development, data cleansing, algorithms and data structures) * Experience with designing or supporting analytical systems, focusing on model quality and code efficiency Preferred: * PhD in related field (noted in required) * Knowledge and experience with Python (pandas / Numpy / SciPy), Java or C/C++, SQL at an advanced level with an understanding of complexity theory * Experience performing predictive modeling, forecasting, or statistical analysis on large scale datasets. * Experience with Big Data platforms (i.e. Hadoop) * Experience with Machine learning tools and techniques (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods, etc.) * Experience in developing analytic driven solutions to business problems * Understands complex, discrete data sets with subtle underlying biases * Experience with linear, mixed integer, non-linear or dynamic programming models and familiarity with optimization software (CPLEX, Gurobi). * SAS programming (including SAS/HPF, SAS/ETS, and macros). * Readiness to debug existing codes to identify source of reported application issues CORE WORK ACTIVITIES Technical Leadership * Trains and/or mentors other team members, and peers as appropriate * Provides leadership on solution structure, tasks, timeline and estimates for revenue management deliverables * Partners with planning teams to articulate possible solutions to business problems and to develop requirements for new models Delivering Technology * Formulates methods for measuring the effectiveness of pricing and revenue management activities. * Prepares detailed specifications for translation of complex business processes into models and prototypes * Develops and implements efficient, scalable algorithms using appropriate technologies/software/architectures * Writes software and utility software tools to create and test new models * Assists the Application Delivery teams in support of operations * Assists the Application Delivery team in the maintenance of existing models * Provides work/cost estimates for client requests * Prepares documentation for client review. * Conducts reviews, discusses findings, risks and challenges and establishes courses of action IT Governance * Follows all defined iT standards and processes and provides input for improvements to the appropriate process owners as needed * Maintains a proper balance between business and operational risk * Follows the defined project management standards and processes Service Provider Management To the extent that this role interacts with service providers: * Validates that Service Providers develop and manage respective aspects of a project plan, including schedules, deliverables, and appropriate metrics. * Makes short term plans for the team to effectively utilize resources * Monitors Service Provider outcomes * Reviews estimates of work effort for client project provided by Service Providers for accuracy * Facilitates timely resolution of service delivery problems and minimizes the impact to clients MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES Leadership * Communication - Conveys information and ideas to others in a convincing and engaging manner through a variety of methods. * Leading Through Vision and Values - Keeps the organization's vision and values at the forefront of employee decision making and action. * Managing Change - Initiates and/or manages the change process and energizes it on an ongoing basis, taking steps to remove barriers or accelerate its pace; serves as role model for how to handle change by maintaining composure and performance level under pressure or when experiencing challenges. * Problem Solving and Decision Making - Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; obtains and compares information from different sources to draw conclusions, develops and evaluates alternatives and solutions, solves problems, and chooses a course of action. * Professional Demeanor - Exhibits behavioral styles that convey confidence and command respect from others; makes a good first impression and represents the company in alignment with its values. * Strategy Development - Develops business plans by exploring and systematically evaluating opportunities with the greatest potential for producing positive results; ensures successful preparation and execution of business plans through effective planning, organizing, and on-going evaluation processes. Managing Execution * Building a Successful Team - Uses an effective interpersonal style to build a cohesive team; inspires and sustains team cohesion and engagement by focusing the team on its mission and importance to the organization. * Strategy Execution - Ensures successful execution across of business plans designed to maximize customer satisfaction, profitability, and market share through effective planning, organizing, and on-going evaluation processes. * Driving for Results - Sets high standards of performance for self and/or others; assumes responsibility for work objectives; initiates, focuses, and monitors the efforts of self and/or others toward the accomplishment goals; proactively takes action and goes beyond what is required. Building Relationships * Customer Relationships - Develops and sustains relationships based on an understanding of customer/stakeholder needs and actions consistent with the company's service standards. * Global Mindset - Supports employees and business partners with diverse styles, abilities, motivations, and/or cultural perspectives; utilizes differences to drive innovation, engagement and enhance business results; and ensures employees are given the opportunity to contribute to their full potential. * Strategic Partnerships - Develops collaborative relationships with fellow employees and business partners by making them feel valued, appreciated, and included; explores partnership opportunities with other people in and outside the organization; influences and leverages corporate and continental shared services and/or discipline leaders (e.g., HR, Sales & Marketing, Finance, Revenue Management) to achieve objectives; maintains effective external relations with government, business and industry in respective countries; performs effectively as a liaison between locations, disciplines, and corporate to ensure needed resources are received and corporate strategies are understood and executed. Generating Talent and Organizational Capability * Developing Others - Supports the development of other's skills and capabilities so that they can fulfill current or future job/role responsibilities more effectively. * Organizational Capability - Evaluates and adapts the structure of assignments and work processes to best fit the needs and/or support the goals of an organizational unit. Learning and Applying Professional Expertise * Continuous Learning - Actively identifies new areas for learning; regularly creates and takes advantage of learning opportunities; uses newly gained knowledge and skill on the job and learns through their application. * Technical Acumen - Understanding and utilizing professional skills and knowledge in a specific functional area to conduct and manage everyday business operations and generate innovative solutions to approach function-specific work challenges o Technical Intelligence: Knowledge and ability to define and apply appropriate technology to enhance business process o Development Methodologies: Knowledge of general stages of SDLC framework and the application tiers within the development space. o Information Security: Knowledge of the security considerations relevant within the development space, including industry best practices related to information security * Business Acumen - Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations and generate innovative solutions to approach business and administrative challenges. * Basic Competencies - Fundamental competencies required for accomplishing basic work activities. o Basic Computer Skills - Using basic computer hardware and software (e.g., personal computers, word processing software, Internet browsers, etc.). o Mathematical Reasoning - The ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide quickly, correctly, and in a way that allows one to solve work-related issues. o Oral Comprehension - The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. o Reading Comprehension - Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. o Writing - Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
