Requisition Number: PRN21881B FLSA Code: Computer Employee Patient Sensitive Job Code? No Standard Hours per Week: 40 Full Time or Part Time?: Full Time Shift: Day VP Area: U of U Health - Academics Department: 01832 - Epidemiology SDBC Location: Campus City: Salt Lake City, UT Pay Rate Range: 75,900 - 130,049 Open Until Filled: Yes Job Summary Identifies trends and problems through complex big data analysis. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently. Designs, develops and implements the most valuable solutions for the organization. Prepares big data, implements data models and develops database and web applications to support the solutions. Responsibilities 1. Manages large scale datasets, formatting datasets for statistical analyses, and ensuring the integrity of research data. 2. Manages statistical packages ( SAS , SPSS , STATA , etc.), coding and programming scripts (such as R, Python and SQL ), and recommends specific statistical packages for different analytic functions. 3. Performs data analysis using a high performance computer with parallel processing. 4. Develop software (such as R packages). 5. Works collaboratively within multidisciplinary research teams to produce statistical reports, recommend and implement statistical methods, and prepare statistical findings for research dissemination. 6. Prepares datasets and outputs for statistical analyses and data audits, and contributes to academic publications. Work with research investigators to develop hypotheses to address complex healthcare challenges by applying data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. 7. Develop scientific methods related to data science problems. Apply and develop advanced analytic methods to address complex healthcare hypotheses. 8. Develop applied natural language processing and machine learning code to carry out data science projects. 9. Wrangle data and develop analytic style queries to develop reference sets to support data science solutions 10. Contribute in writing manuscripts for publication of conducted work with research teams. 11. Educate, mentor, and collaborate with junior data scientists to help develop their skills. 12. Performs complicated and difficult assignments under general direction requiring a high degree of technical competence reflecting knowledge of current state-of-the-art technologies and approaches to data science. Conceives and plans projects involving the assessment of basic architecture, current hardware limitations, defines and selects new concepts and approaches. A wide degree of creativity is expected. 13. Contribute to the design of protocols, forms, and data processing plans. 14. Troubleshoot and implement solutions to issues that arise during the development, management and close out of research studies. 15. Develop timeline for data deliverables, and ensure they are completed. 16. Manage and/or complete all study level data extraction and management activities with a high degree of quality. 17. Provide in-house expertise on big data related technical subject matter. 18. Use Microsoft SQL Server and statistical software packages (such as SAS , STATA , and/or R) to create analytic datasets from very large, complex relational databases. Comments: Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance; the ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner. Basic understanding of statistical analysis. Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. Leads and directs the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department Work Environment and Level of Frequency typically required Nearly Continuously: Office environment. Physical Requirements and Level of Frequency that may be required Nearly Continuously: Sitting, hearing, listening, talking. Often: Repetitive hand motion (such as typing), walking. Seldom: Bending, reaching overhead. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Degree and 6-8 years of related experience in the field or related area is required. This position has no responsibility for providing care to patients. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description. Preferences Master's degree in biostatistics, data science, or in a closely related field. Type: Benefited Staff Additional Information The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran's status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans' preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. To inquire about this posting, email: employment@utah.edu or call 801-581-2300. Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. To request an accommodation or for further information about University AA/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (V/ TDD ), email: oeo@umail.utah.edu. The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Eligible new hires with prior URS service, may elect to enroll in URS if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules. This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.
