Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We are searching for a Data Scientist to join our team located at our headquarters in Lake Forest, IL. Your Role: As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will have the opportunity to: Define problems to be solved and apply advanced data science methods including machine learning algorithms Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant assets Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights. You will love it here if… You are analytic and an expert problem-solver You are results oriented You thrive under pressure in a fast-paced environment You can successfully juggle multiple tasks at once We need you to have:A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python and R1-3 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies1-3 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomesSQL query skillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsKnowledge of machine learning disciplines and algorithmsBA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related fieldIcing on the cake:Experience using SAPData visualization skills in Power BIPrior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com. No recruiter calls or emails please. Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability. Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html The poster and the supplement can be found on this link. http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com. No recruiter calls or emails please. Job Requirements We need you to have: A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python and R 1-3 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies 1-3 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes SQL query skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills Knowledge of machine learning disciplines and algorithms BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field Icing on the cake: Experience using SAP Data visualization skills in Power BI Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
