Job Description:  

We are trusted advisers enabling Ford to see our business, know our customers and act in a meaningful way. We drive evidence-based decision making by providing timely, actionable and forward-looking insights to our One Ford business partners.

The Analytics Research and Development team within Ford's Global Data, Insight and Analytics (GDI&A) organization is looking for a highly skilledquantitative analyst / data scientist to assist in all levels of problem formulation, model development, evaluation, and deployment. The analyst will have significantautonomy in conducting research and selecting modeling methodologies. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automotive and mobility industries.

Analytics R&D is a cross-functional research team within Ford GDI&A that focuses on applying advanced quantitative methods tosolve a wide variety of challenging problems across multiple business areas. Examples of past and current projects include: quantitative marketing analytics including large-scale consumer choice modeling and reinforcement learning; application of statistical, econometric, and machine learning techniques to economic and financial analysis; social network analysis; and quantitative financial risk management and portfolio optimization.

\n\n\n\n


 Responsibilities:  

 
Research and apply quantitative techniques from fields such as statistics, econometrics, optimization, and machine / deep learning toward the solution of important business problems from many areas of the automotive and mobility industry 
Enable evidence-based decision making by extracting insights from structured and unstructured data sets that are often large and high-dimensional 
Collaborate with other teams within GDIA in the model development and delivery process 
Identify new and novel data sources and explore their potential use in developing actionable business insights 
Explore emerging technologies and analytic solutions for use in quantitative model development 
Help maintain and enhance existing models  
 Basic Qualifications:  

 
A Master's degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science, Quantitative Social Science, Quantitative Marketing, Quantitative Finance 
3+ years of experience (including time spent as a graduate student) doing quantitative research in any of the following areas: econometrics, statistics, time series analysis, Bayesian methods, machine / deep learning, optimization / mathematical programming 
2+ years of experience in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, Scala, MATLAB, Java,C/C++/C#, SAS  

 Preferred Qualifications:  
 
Ph.D. in a quantitative fieldsuch as Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science, Quantitative Social Science, Quantitative Marketing, Quantitative Finance 
1+ year of post-graduatework experience (in a business or post-doc setting) involving complex quantitative modeling and analysis in any of the areas mentioned under Basic Qualifications 
Demonstrated skills in applying techniques from econometrics, statistics, and/or machine / deep learning to large, high-dimensional structured and unstructured data sets 
Experience with big data technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Hive, etc. 
Experience with parallel / grid / GPU computing 
Good oral and written communication skills 
Comfortable working in an environment where problems are not always well-defined  
Join our team as we create tomorrow! We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because we're Built Ford Tough. We're one team striving to make people's lives better while creating value, delivering excellence, and ultimately going for thewin.

Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or protected veteran status.
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dearborn, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3155
