Who We Are:

Informa is one of the world's leading knowledge providers. We create and deliver highly specialized information through publishing, events, training, market intelligence and expertise, providing valuable knowledge to individuals, businesses and organizations worldwide.

Informa Markets is among the world's top Exhibitions organizers, organizing events that enable buyers and sellers in specialist communities to meet face to face, build relationships and conduct business. Informa has an extensive and diverse portfolio serving several core verticals.

Global Reporting & Analytics:

The Global Reporting & Analytics team at Informa Markets delivers timely and actionable information, as well as providing advanced analytic support to all areas of the business. Using enterprise level reporting and analytics tools, the Global Reporting & Analytics team provides value add deliverables, as well as training to self-service users within the business. It is the goal of Global Reporting & Analytics to enable channels that deliver the most timely and reliable data to the decision makers within the business.

Position Description:

The Data Scientist is a specialized position responsible for ad hoc analyses and projects requiring knowledge of advanced statistical methodologies and tools. This position is an expert statistician possessing experience with various analytics tools (R, SAS JMP, Python, Alteryx, etc.). The successful candidate will work with business and technical resources to identify, coordinate, and guide advanced analytic endeavors. The Data Scientist will also have the ability to effectively communicate findings to all levels of the business.

Responsibilities:

Research and develop statistical models for data analysis

Identify and direct valueadd initiatives within the business involving advanced statistical techniques

Create and maintain documentation regarding advanced analytical initiatives

Work with Reporting Engineers, the Reporting Engagement team, and Self Service Analysts to understand analytical demand within the business, coordinate to meet that demand, and effectively communicate results to the business

Keep up to date with the latest relevant technology

Help the business implement statistical methodologies for real world, value add results

Skill Set:

Expert in statistical methods and predictive modeling

Extensive experience in data mining

Excellent SAS JMP skills

Strong communications skills and ability to coordinate project teams

Strong SQL development skills

Strong skill with R and/or Python a plus

Strong knowledge of MS Power BI preferred

We Offer:

Competitive Compensation Package

Access to LinkedIn Learning and other development/training opportunities

Health and Wellness Benefits (medical, dental, eye)

401K and Matching

Employee Stock Purchase Program

Generous PTO policy

Work-life balance

Additional discounts through various partnerships

Informa is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or national origin.
