Look for more than answers. Patients and Physicians rely on our diagnostic testing, information and services to help them make better healthcare decisions. These are often serious decisions with far reaching consequences, and require sensitivity, tact and a clear dedication to service. It’s about providing clarity and hope. You will work for the world leader in the industry, with a career where you can expand your skills and knowledge. You’ll have a role where you can act with professionalism, you can inspire colleagues, and you can care about the work we do and the people we serve. At Quest, we are on a continuous journey of discovery and development. It’s this attitude that has made us an industry leader and the #1 Diagnostic Lab in the US. For those joining us, we offer exciting and fast moving career opportunities where you can affect change at a rate unheard of in many organizations of our size and scope. While we invest in and develop technology to drive our innovations, our ongoing success relies on our people.Basic Purpose:This role will be responsible for driving strategic decisions through the analysis and insights uncovered via key HR, People and Business data. They will play a critical role in the success of existing HR/Workforce strategies while also discovering new areas of opportunities across the organization. This role will focus on large predictive analytics based projects which expect to have moderate to significant ROI to the company.Duties and Responsibilities:1.Investigate and explore large data sets to discover possible hypothesis which can be tested using sound statistical methods to in turn drive meaningful action.2.Build innovative data models and predictive tools that guide leaders towards the right decisions that will ultimately drive efficiency and ROI. 3.Translate highly technical statistical outputs into a message that is clear to our clients. (ex. What was the problem? What did the data tell us? What should/could we do next?)4.Use R, Minitab, Excel and other appropriate analytics software to uncover key insights, new opportunities and/or address specific project based analytics efforts.5.Partner with 3rd parties to conduct analysis as needed (ex. pre-employment assessments, employee engagement survey etc.).6.Use the data to make appropriate recommendations to leaders on existing strategies and/or as a method to introduce new strategies that can positively impact the business.7.Leads key data & analytics projects with the ability to achieve tight deadlines while producing desired project objectives. Has a good understanding of how long it will take to complete a project based analysis and appropriately manages customer expectations regarding timing of deliverables.8.Strive to understand the business issues facing the organization and proactively make recommendations regarding analysis that can inform those business decisions.9.Present to Sr. Management “data stories” that communicate the business recommendations and conclusions based on the analysis using advanced skills in PowerPoint and superior written and oral presentation skills, 10.Build relationships and partner with business units/functions in a consultative capacity to understand key business problems, offering corresponding solutions from an Analytics perspective.Supervision Exercised: N/AQualifications:Education Preferred:•Bachelor’s degree required. •Masters or PhD level degree in Analytics, Business, Mathematics, Economics or related field strongly preferred.•Proficient in a variety of statistical and analytics software tools commonly used in business today (ex. R, Alteryx, Tableau) required.Work Experience:•5+ years in HR, Finance, Marketing or similar with strong understanding of statistical analysis, including predictive modeling concepts. •Familiarity with Tableau and Alteryx is highly desired. •Experience with SQL a plus. •Experience in cultivating information from publicly available sources, including the internet, public records, and third-party sources•Experience managing multiple simultaneous projects and the flow of information across multiple work groups.Physical and Mental Requirements:•Ability to examine and observe, communicate findings, and make decisions•Perform job duties with interruptions and distractions •Sitting, standing, and working on a computer regularly during the course of the day•Ability to interact professionally with colleagues and/or customers for different purposes•Performs a variety of duties, often changing from one task to another •Ability to comprehend and follow verbal or written instructions•Using effective verbal and written communication Other:•Ability to work collaboratively in a highly matrixed organization (supports 7 clinical franchises) •Project management experience a plus.•Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office suite of products, particularly Power Point, Word and Excel. •Should have solid consulting skills and be able to partner effectively across multiple levels within the organization. •Ability to prepare and persuasively present clear and concise written communications, both in report and presentation formats. •Ability to make in person presentations clearly and effectively to large and small groups, including senior business leadership team and client.•Ability to travel via commercial airline or car, to distant locations for meetings. Some overnight travel required.
