Job Description: 
Salary: up to $250,000
Location: San Francisco, 
Job Title: Sr. Data Scientist
Job Headline: Senior Data Scientist ? Mobile App Industry!!! 
About Us:
Live experiences help people cross today?s digital divide and focus on what truly connects us - the here, the now, the once-in-a-lifetime moment that brings us together. To fulfill our vision to unite the world through shared experiences, we deliver fans an extraordinary experience for discovering and purchasing last-minute tickets to live events.

With platforms on iOS, Android, mobile web and desktop supporting more than 25,000 events across the US and Canada, we are reimagining the event ticket experience in a mobile-first world.

The Role:
We are looking for an experienced data scientist to work cross-functionally with our team of data engineers and analysts. As a Data Scientist, you will tackle problems throughout the company, assisting various functions to solve business-critical issues. Our stack utilizes a spark streaming architecture at its core with airflow and MLFlow to deploy models.  The ideal candidate will be a curious self-starter that is able to thrive in a fast-paced environment and able to adapt to changes within the business and the industry.

What you'll do:
?Identify and implement improvements using machine learning across multiple apps including but not limited to pricing, recommendations, curation, classification, and a wide variety of complex and interesting problems
?Collaborate with a team of data engineers, data scientists, and analysts
?Use statistics to analyze A/B test results and propose next steps

Our ideal candidate:
?BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Math or similar (MS or Ph.D. is a plus)
?Professional experience with common data science toolkits, such as Python or R
?Experience with Spark and the associated machine learning libraries
?Understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms including regressions, decision trees, clustering, and neural networks
?Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL
?Data-oriented personality with good scripting and/or programming skills

What we can offer:
?Flexible PTO
?Competitive SF Bay Area comp package
?Medical, dental, & vision insurance
?Life insurance and disability benefits
?401K, HSA, pre-tax savings programs
?Monthly commuter, cell phone, and Friday lunch subsidies
?Monthly credits for events ($1,200/yr)
?New equipment and multi-monitor setup provided
?Company catered lunches (M-Thu)
?Snacks, drinks, company outings

Hiring Managers are ready to interview you now!  Apply and ask for Paul immediately! 

  We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age (40 and over), gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other protected classification under federal and state law.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. You can view all of our jobs online at   http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1379703  


Job Experience: 
,, 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94116 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         11452.1117.pegtsdsi.1379703*
