Description:
 
 
HENKEL IS FOR THOSE WHO STEP UP. DO YOU?    
     
At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital  future together with us. 
  

     
YOUR ROLE  


Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.Developing reports, visualizations, or statistical analysis as required and develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.  Qualification:
 
 YOUR SKILLS  


 


Four-year degree in Computer Sciences/Information Systems or related and at least 5 years of experience in the area of Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence   


Experience with data analysis tools like Power BI or Tableau   


Experience working with and creating data architectures.  


Expert on Data ingestion, Data Lake, Data consumption, Data Governance methods and design process using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.   


Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers\: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.is preferred  
   


 
 
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.Henkel does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Unsolicited referrals and resumes are considered Henkel property and therefore, Henkel will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited referral.  At Henkel’s request only, preferred vendors may be invited to refer talent for specific open positions. In these cases, a fully-executed agreement with Henkel must be in place and current.   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Rocky Hill, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4305_190006oy
