Job Description Overview: The Advanced Analytics - Data Scientist would be a hands-on problem solver with a business oriented, results driven, self-starter mindset. In order to succeed in this role the applicant should be a very strong team player, eager to take on challenges and responsibility of increasing complexity, have impeccable attention to detail, be able to work independently, able to successfully complete analytics projects within time with the business outcome in mind, apply scientific rigor to analyses and models, be able to improvise and solve problems in the absence of perfect data and be able to simplify and communicate complex results to key business stakeholders via presentation and visualization tools. Ideal candidate will design, develop, and execute key quantitative/modeling projects to drive improvement in retention and acquisition win-rates as well as contribution margin / profitability. Excellent communication and inter-personal skills are vital to success in this role. Responsibilities: A person in this role is expected to deliver advanced analytics solutions to business problems, with little or no reliance on supervision for technical execution of projects Must demonstrate business value from his/her models and ensure that stakeholders are aligned with the expected and actual results Eager to learn, assimilate constructive feedback and grow through roles of greater responsibility Must be an independent thinker, with a strong bias towards action and avoiding analysis-paralysis. Excellent attention to detail necessary. Passionate about solving real business problems via advanced analytics and data science. Collaborates effectively with stakeholders to plan and implement solutions. Must be a self-starter and eager to execute plans with minimal supervision. Must have strong presentation and business writing skills. Must be able to create effective documentation. Requirements: 3-5 years for Master's degree candidates 0-2 year for PhD Candidates Master's degree or PhD in Mathematics, Machine learning, Operations Research, Statistics or a related discipline Solid theoretical background in mathematics, statistics, database technology mathematical optimization, graph algorithms and related disciplines Strong computer programming skills in a high-level programming language, preferably SAS, SQL and Python, refined via professional experience, PhD research, collaboration in an impactful open source project or a well-known predictive modeling open competition Strong experience building original and non-trivial models with one or more tools for creating predictive /machine learning/operations research models, refined via professional experience, PhD research, collaboration in an impactful open source project or a well-known predictive modeling open competition
