Convoy is a late stage Seattle start-up in the freight brokerage business. We manage a marketplace of freight shipments with shippers and carriers. We're a relatively mature start-up with a proven track record of management and fundraising. The Marketplace Liquidity team owns strategically vital problems such as supply balance, market maturity and market competitiveness. Our team shifts paradigms by laying a rigorous microeconomic foundation for reasoning about our marketplace dynamics, allowing us to tackle some of Convoy's most challenging and enduring problems. We are looking for a data scientist with a background in applied economics to quantify marketplace supply. This role will own understanding how often, when, where, and (most importantly) why carriers convert from casual browser to reliable supply. At least one year of post-graduate experience analyzing data and driving business decisions in an industry setting using R/Python and SQL is necessary. Experience applying economic analysis to business problems in a tech company is a bonus. You will: Develop measures of supply availability and reliability Build models to understand carrier engagement Identify opportunities to focus capacity-building efforts You have: A Master's degree or higher in Economics, Applied Economics, or a related field At least one year of post-graduate experience with data querying, manipulation and analysis, ideally using R/Python and SQL You can: Be thoughtful but practical; you recognize nuance yet know when to simplify Communicate technical findings to both technical and non-technical audiences Speak up for your expertise in a cross-functional setting Benefits of working at Convoy: Health & Wellness: Taking care of your health comes first. Convoy covers 100% of your medical, dental, and vision premiums, and 85% for your family. We also provide access to the gym and showers in our building. In-Office Happiness: Enjoy catered meals multiple times through the week, and fully stocked fridges and pantries to keep you running full. Commuter Benefits: We transport the world; the least we can do is help get you to work. Every employee receives a fully paid Orca Card to get you around on the bus, light rail, or water taxi. We also provide locked bike storage if you prefer to pedal in. Time Off: Life outside of work matters! Convoy has a flexible vacation policy, so take the time off you need- we don't track vacation or sick time. We also offer generous parental leave for those expecting new additions to their family. Compensation: We offer market competitive compensation, including stock options and a 401k plan to help save for retirement.
