FCA US LLC College Intern Program offers a unique opportunity for highly motivated, innovative, and inspired individuals to work on a challenging assignment where contribution, teamwork, and communication are vital to the success of the organization. As a leading-edge company, we can provide real world challenges and rewarding intern experiences to candidates from a variety of colleges and universities while providing a competitive salary.  

    

 Interns are assigned to an organization department based on the candidate's background, skill set and interests. The assignments are project-oriented, meaningful to the department and allow the intern to take responsibility for a major task. Interns experience sense of personal accomplishment and contribution, and experience the corporate business culture through work assignments and structured activities. They gain the communication and etiquette skills required in business while sharing knowledge gained from recent courses. They also enhance their computer skills and learn new systems and software. Each 2020 Intern assignment consists of challenging projects with specific goals, providing opportunities for personal growth and development. Interns that demonstrate outstanding qualities may be invited back the following year for a second internship or to interview for full-time positions in various new hire programs.  

    

 Summer internships are primarily located at the FCA US Headquarters and Technology Center in Auburn Hills, Michigan, other facilities in the Detroit metropolitan area, and business centers located throughout the country. Interns may qualify for a housing allowance and/or travel assistance. During the internship, Interns will have the opportunity to participate in many activities designed specifically to enhance their knowledge of FCA and our products.  

    

 The student selected for the Citizen Data Scientist Internship will gain experience in requirement gathering, planning, execution, and delivery of data science and machine learning-based projects. This delivery may include creating data visualizations. The bulk of the work will be in areas of data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration. The Citizen Data Scientist will get to gain experience with machine learning (ML) and statistical modeling and data pipe-lining and deployment. The Citizen Data Scientist will assist in cataloging the FCA enterprise wide data catalog, focusing on technical and business documentation. Example projects could include creating a predictive model of when to place an incentive on a model and/or understanding current market conditions related to inventory.  

    

 Job responsibilities include but not limited to:  
 

 Collaborates with business analysts and product owners to ensure understanding of business requirements  

 Data Exploration and Preparation:  
 

 Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data  

 Generate and test hypotheses about the underlying mechanics of the business process   
 
 

 Data Collection and Integration:  
 

 Understand new data sources and process pipelines  

 Catalog and document their use in solving business problems  
 
 

 Data Cataloging:  
 

 Assisting in the creation of a data catalog that will understand all the relevant data and metadata in the FCA environment, this will include gathering business process and technical information  
 
 

 Machine Learning and Statistical Modelling:  
 

 Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks  

 Testing of ML models, such as cross-validation, A/B testing, bias and fairness  
 
 
 

   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Detroit, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4268_5000533081710
