Position summary: The Statistical Modeling Scientist works within Supply Chain to develop more complex predictive analytics and statistical forecasting models utilizing forecasting related systems to improve forecast accuracy and bias reduction. Demand signal data will also be incorporated into forecasting models to drive cost savings and incremental revenue and profit opportunities across the organization. Extend the use of statistical techniques to areas beyond supply chain demand planning and demand signal analytics. As a statistical modeling scientist, you will participate in forecasting model and business process design in collaboration statistical modeling principal and business management. Primary responsibilities: Design, develop, test, and implement SAS-HPF statistical modeling methodology. Define programming for demand pattern recognition, algorithm selection, outlier correction, and parameter optimization. Design and build advanced reporting to support business requirements. Participate in the design process and Integration strategy between Demand Planning and data repositories for varying Nestlé businesses. Coach analysts in addressing statistical modeling issues identified in periodic statistical forecast review sessions with business partners. Collaborate with Demand Planning business process leads to align business requirements with systems and process solutions that ensure overall Nestle objectives are met. Provide analytics knowledge and support to the business process lead network. Lead small scale demand signal data projects providing statistical modeling support and expertise. Project activities will require strong collaboration with business users and other project team members. Identify appropriate data driven predictive analytics from use case concept through experiment design to industrialization/deployment to end users. Develop professional presentations appropriate for their intended audience. Qualifications Requirements and minimum education level: A graduate degree in statistics, mathematics, economics, business or related discipline is required. Experience & skills: 3+ years' experience in business forecasting / analysis required. Authoritative SAS experience, including SAS HPF – documented SAS 9 programming certification required. Experienced /strong knowledge of statistical methods and analytical techniques required. Broad and in-depth knowledge of current statistical forecasting and data mining techniques. Expert knowledge of R open source statistical language. Strong analytical aptitude with a shown ability to analyze/interpret data and build quantitative models of business problems. Experience with large implementations of advanced planning systems and/or ERP (especially SAP) systems highly desirable. Previous sales forecasting experience preferably at a CPG company. Excellent interpersonal skills. Good facilitation and presentation skills, including training delivery. Excellent oral and written communication skills, organizational and time-management abilities. High-initiative, self-starter and able to work with limited supervision.
