About CenturyLink CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is the second largest U.S. communications provider to global enterprise customers. With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the world's best networking company by solving customers' increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers' trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business. Job Summary The Data Scientist is a highly skilled individual contributor, under minimal supervision, who designs and develops programs, methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze diverse, structured and unstructured "big data" sources to generate actionable insights and solutions using machine learning and advanced analytics. Interprets and communicates insights and findings from analyses and experiments to other analysts, data scientists, and team members. Job Description The Data Scientist proactively identifies meaningful insights by executing data discovery, exploratory data analysis, and iteratively developing predictive and prescriptive models to identify optimal solutions. This position will also assist with operationalizing the insights and solutions and changing business processes to maximize the value of those solutions. Analyze data and build predictive and prescriptive models in the areas of capacity planning, anomaly detection, predictive asset failure/maintenance, workload optimization, customer segmentation and business performance. Mine information for previously unknown patterns and insights hidden in these assets and leverage them for competitive advantage. The problems this position will solve will be at the cutting edge of technology and will lie at the intersection of science, engineering and business acumen. Qualifications Specific Skills Required (Must have Skills): • Bachelor's Degree in Math, Computer Science, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Statistics or other quantitative discipline. Master's Degree preferred. • Experienced in writing formulas, expressions and algorithms as needed to support analytical work. • Understands data automation and how to best construct backend database environments and front end visualization for efficiency and recurring use. • Strong communication skills and relationship skills. • Ability to perform ad-hoc statistical analysis including correlation analysis, frequency distribution analysis, probabilistic modeling, sophisticated forecasting, and academic based predictive and prescriptive methods. • Capable of modeling the relationships between many sources of operational data, develop models that can serve to provide insight to support operational management, system optimization, dispatch system configurations and executive support for decision making. • Ability to write customized algorithms to drive predictive and prescriptive analysis in business management, creating actionable recommendations to improve Field Operations. • Ability to logically construct back end data base architecture that can support a growing system of analytical visualization in a Qliksense BI, and analytical decision-making engines. • Can be flexible to work on various types of projects, often balancing multiple deliverables with a wide range of complexity requirements. • Is comfortable working with teams, sharing code among peers, and presenting to leadership. • Has a genuine drive to succeed and self-motivated to "take care of business", while positively representing the team. • Experience with SQL, database navigation in an Oracle data environment and Data Lake unstructured environments. • Python and/or R data script writing. • 3 + years' experience delivering Machine Learning and Advanced Analytics solutions. Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Broomfield; US-Colorado-Littleton Requisition #: 215691
