What you'll be doing... The Engineering Program Office Data Science Team has an immediate opening for a talented and experienced Principal Data Scientist with hands on expertise using large datasets to find opportunities for network planning process optimization and using models to test different courses of actions. You have a strong interest in understanding the Telecom business model in particular and a passion for data in general. You will be responsible to perform cross-disciplinary analysis and visualization of traditional, spatial and network data to help solve complex business problems. The successful candidate will have strong experience using a variety of data mining methods, data tools, using, building and implementing predictive models, optimization algorithms, prescriptive models, as well as creating and running simulation. You will leverage your track record of driving business decisions by providing actionable insights based on data. You will be working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams with the ability to frame problems out of ambiguity and unstructured information. Work in an interdisciplinary field, together with computer scientists, business executives, and telecom network engineers. Lead engagements with key business stakeholders in business strategies and opportunities with a focus on driving measurable value via innovative technical solutions to business problems. Build strong working relationships and develop deep partnership with the business. Lead the design and development of machine learning / optimization algorithms, continuously monitoring the model performance and enhancing the algorithms. Integrate multiple data sources, models, and software tools with business line specific decision support and data analysis. This will include the use of distributed computing and utilization of both cloud internal computing resources. Work closely with engineers to deploy models in production for business partners to use and continuously gather feedback from business partners for ease-to-use. Be a subject matter expert on machine learning and predictive modeling and a mentor to junior data scientists. Create and walk through executive presentations that explain the complex data and algorithms used in simple easy-to-understand visually striking layman terms that leave a residual impact on an executive audience. Keep current on latest computing trends and analysis methodologies through tech journals and ongoing research. Challenge existing thought processes and actively work in cross disciplinary groups and make a case using rich data and presentation. What we're looking for... You are a master at analyzing big data with strategic mindset. You are curious about what people need and want. You enjoy digging through enormous volumes of data generated at rapid speed for insights into opportunities for how we can help our business grow and transform. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups, and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. You have a customer-centric mentality. You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field or in a related field (Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Data Science, Operation Research, etc.) or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Six or more years of experience in practicing machine learning and data science in business. Experience in leading data science projects/team and delivering from end to end. Experience with computing/programming in two or more of the following (R, Python, Julia, Spark, SQL, Linux shell script). Experience with parallel computing in distributed environments. Even better if you have: Master's or Ph.D. in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science. Demonstrated complete understanding and wide application of technical procedures, principles, theories and concepts in the Telecommunications field. General knowledge of other related disciplines. Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills. Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities. Excellent at translating unstructured business problems into data science models and coming up with solutions. Ability to adapt to quickly changing business environment and requests that come in related to upper level executive requests. Eight or more years of experience in practicing machine learning and data science in business. Accomplished researcher and expert in optimization, neural networks, reinforcement learning, chatbot technology, and NLP. Strong experience in Big Data and Cloud technology. When you join Verizon... You'll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that's transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you'll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we'll go far. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
