CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is a global communications and IT services company focused on connecting its customers to the power of the digital world. CenturyLink offers network and data systems management, big data analytics, managed security services, hosting, cloud, and IT consulting services. The company provides broadband, voice, video, advanced data and managed network services over a robust 265,000-route-mile U.S. fiber network and a 360,000-route-mile international transport networ Job Summary The Data Scientist is a highly skilled individual contributor, under minimal supervision, who designs and develops programs, methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze diverse, structured and unstructured "big data" sources to generate actionable insights and solutions using machine learning and advanced analytics. Interprets and communicates insights and findings from analyses and experiments to other analysts, data scientists, and team members. Job Description The Data Scientist proactively identifies meaningful insights by executing data discovery, exploratory data analysis, and iteratively developing predictive and prescriptive models to identify optimal solutions. This position will also assist with operationalizing the insights and solutions and changing business processes to maximize the value of those solutions. Analyze data and build predictive and prescriptive models in the areas of capacity planning, anomaly detection, predictive asset failure/maintenance, workload optimization, customer segmentation and business performance. Mine information for previously unknown patterns and insights hidden in these assets and leverage them for competitive advantage. The problems this position will solve will be at the cutting edge of technology and will lie at the intersection of science, engineering and business acumen. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Math, Computer Science, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Statistics or other quantitative discipline Experience with statistical programming environments like R, Matlab or Octave Fluent in one or more object oriented languages like C#, C++, Scala, Java, and scripting languages like Python Able to communicate highly technical information into business terms Able to translate business insights from analytics into potential process or system changes. Able to identify inefficiencies in operating environment by analyzing data patterns and provide possible solutions. Strong ability and track record to bring and lead changes in transformational efforts Able to segment information by product, business unit and customer segment by ecosystem in order to provide better business outcomes. Able work at a global business unit level; understanding the unique requirements of each assigned business unit and translate those specific needs to the corresponding technology partners in order to deliver successful business outcomes. Able to obtain data from disparate environments, normalize and interpret it for consistent insights. Experience working in a large, highly complex and ever-changing organization. Recognized as a change agent. High level of comfort managing competing priorities, crystallizing ideas and thoughts into plans and activities, handling ambiguity constructively, and rationalizing on strategic and managerial levels. Able to build relationships with business and technology partners to influence and collaborate across the organization, strengthen the role of Field Operations & Network Implementation, and implement initiatives and plans. Demonstrates a sense of urgency, accountability and holds same standards for the department. High achiever, results-oriented, with strong analytical and business acumen skills. They should have hands-on experience in multiple systems solutions across several disciplines. They should possess skills and understanding of a variety of Operating Systems and a have a broad and deep understanding of the current company's technology systems, products and future capabilities. Preferred Bachelors with 8+ years experience, or 6+ year with a Master's Degree, or combination of experience totaling 8+ years Education Bachelors or Equivalent Masters or Equivalent Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Broomfield; US-Colorado-Littleton Requisition #: 215731
