We are seeking an enthusiastic engineer with a strong machine learning and data analysis background. This candidate will be working on the development of a scalable, real time, big data analytics software with data visualizations using the latest technologies. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of solving large, complex data analysis and machine learning problems in a product environment. Responsibilities will include identifying business or other real-world problems and converting them into a data science problem, providing the analysis of the data to uncover the useful and valuable information and finally supporting the engineering team to build the results into the end product. You will be working with an experienced agile development team with a positive team spirit! We are cool with casual, meaning its casual Friday every day. We would love to welcome you to our team! Responsibilities Collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of cybersecurity problems. Bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving security products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, computer systems, and network devices. Build innovative predictive analytics and data science solutions for a myriad of cybersecurity problems. Multi-task and work independently 'Think like an adversary' Identify and articulate risks and remediation in a relevant and approachable manner with both technical and non-technical audiences. Identifies data sources, collects, transforms and prepares large amounts of data for analysis. May also develop tools to help the data collection process as needed. Uses appropriate methods, tools and algorithms to analyze the data and create an implementation plan from the business problem. Validates the results of the data analysis to avoid errors. Interprets results and identifies value form the analysis to help solve the business problems. Works with the business or customer and provides guidance on risks and limitations. Monitors and continuously improves the data sources, usability and data mining results. Education and Experience Bachelor's or Master's or Doctorate degree in Computer Science, Statistics or similar quantitative field 3-5 years of working experience in machine learning and data science projects; 2-3 years of experience in working with large, real data sets Good understanding of the foundations of machine learning methods Exceptional coding skills in SQL, and Python or R Excellent communication skills Knowledge and Skills Must have: Experience with deep learning methods, models and frameworks Familiarity with multiple programming and scripting languages (such as, Java, Javascript, C/C++, Perl, etc.) Familiarity with data visualization tools Experience with passive and active measurement techniques Experience with applying statistical modeling, machine learning and data mining algorithms to business problems. Profound understanding of big data systems 2+ years of experience working directly with clients/customers on data-driven solutions. For example: researching, building, and deploying machine learning models. 2+ years of work experience using, building, or developing Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) technology. Preferably in the Hadoop ecosystem High want: Background in statistics Linux System knowledge as user and administrator Experience with Vertica or other column store databases is a plus Experience in cybersecurity, network data Knowledge of networking concepts and devices (Firewalls, Routers, Switches, and Load Balancers) Knowledge of network and web related protocols (such as, TCP/IP, UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS, DNS, SSH, routing protocols) Provides domain-specific expertise and overall software applications leadership and perspective to cross-organization projects, programs, and activities. Drives innovation and integration of new technologies into projects and activities in the software applications design organization. Provides guidance and mentoring to less- experienced staff members. Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent. Typically 6-10 years experience. Knowledge and Skills: Extensive experience with multiple software applications design tools and languages. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Experience in overall architecture of software applications for products and solutions. Designing and integrating software applications running on multiple platform types into overall architecture. Evaluating forms and processes for software applications testing and methodology, including writing and execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at senior management levels.
