Equifax empowers businesses and consumers with information they can trust. A global leader in information solutions, we leverage one of the largest sources of consumer and commercial data, along with advanced analytics and proprietary technology, to create customized insights that enrich both the performance of businesses and the lives of consumers. With a strong heritage of innovation and leadership, Equifax continuously delivers new innovative solutions with the highest integrity and reliability. Businesses - large and small - rely on us for consumer and business credit intelligence, portfolio management, fraud detection, decisioning technology, marketing tools, and much more. We empower individual consumers to understand their personal credit information, protect their identity, and maximize their financial well-being. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Equifax Inc. operates in the U.S. and 16 other countries throughout North America, Latin America and Europe. Equifax is a member of Standard & Poor's (S&P) 500® Index. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EFX. The foundation of Equifax is our talented, dedicated employees. Our mission is to deliver world- class information solutions to businesses and consumers. We accomplish our goals by drawing upon the experience, energy and teamwork of our employees in a growing, dynamic, and fun place to work. As a global company Equifax offers a competitive benefits package specific to each geographic location. We provide our employees and their families with programs that will enhance their well-being and security. Equifax is an equal opportunity employer and we positively value diversity within our organization. Equifax is a drug-free work place. For more information about Equifax, please visit: www.equifax.com Equifax supports differentiated teams involved in Credit Bureau analytics, Alternative data analytics Product development, Attribute development, Trended Data, International Analytics, Customer Analytics, Model Risk Management and Marketing Analytics. Work in these teams include end-to-end analytical needs which include - data modeling, customized analytics on US consumer bureau data, generic and customized bureau model development, strategies to implement models and validation of customized scorecards using bureau data as well as customers data, Generic risk score development and management of scores, competitor analysis, market share. Analytics in these teams is done by using data from different sources - credit data (bureau data), workforce solution, mortgage data, wealth data, vehicle registration data, telecom/utility data and commercial data. We are looking for Analytics professionals who wish to pursue a career with one of the fastest growing analytics companies with the opportunity to work in a very niche area viz. Bureau Analytics. Equifax has a new career opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist in our USIS Data & Analytics Analytic Capabilities business unit. This position will sit at our Atlanta, GA office. Position Description Collaborate with analytical sales team in crafting and executing on compelling analytical projects that demonstrate the value of Equifax solutions to customers. Collaborate with Data Stewards and Data Scientists in developing and implementing Equifax innovative solutions. Articulate and educate various internal stakeholders on Equifax data and analytical solutions. You will have opportunities to explore different data sources across Equifax to develop new data attributes to be used in a variety of statistical models Interrogate Equifax data sources to create attributes, testing attribution significance through different Artificial Intelligence techniques Maintain existing attribute suites and perform analysis to determine value and stability Work with Product Managers and customers on the formulation of new attribute solutions across credit, fraud and marketing arenas Create detailed documentation outlining design and technical specifications of each solution Expertise in big data environment and ability to code in Python, Scala, R, HQL and SAS in a Hadoop/Spark infrastructure Expertise in Machine Learning and Deep Learning Position Requirement Master's degree or higher in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or other related discipline; or equivalent work experience 3-5 years' experience Python programming experience in a big data environment 3-5 years' experience Scala programming experience in a big data environment 3-5 years of SAS programming experience in a big data environment 3-5 years of experience working with analytics in a business environment R, C++, SQL, JAVA programming a plus Extensive knowledge of model design, model development, validation, scoring and implementation best practices. Experience in design documents to show value of analytical insights Ability to apply analytical rigor to Verticals Markets; Auto, Communications, Mortgage, Payments, Retail Banking and Insurance Experience in the credit, fraud and/or marketing analytics arena is preferred Detail oriented with ability to accurately gather and analyze data Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple departments in solving cross-departmental issue Ability to clearly present statistical solutions to non-statistical people Ability to create new ideas for statistical solutions to customer's business issues Manipulate large amount of data and integrate diverse data sources into solutions Expertise in Machine Learning and Deep Learning Expertise in developing and validating Linear Regression Models Expertise in developing and validating Logistic Regression Models Expertise in developing and validating decision trees Expertise in developing and validating Neural Network family of Models(ANN,CNN,RNN) #LI-CH1 Primary Location: USA-Atlanta JV White USA-Atlanta-One-Atlantic-Center Function: Function - Data and Analytics Schedule: Full time
