At Capital One, data is at the center of everything we do. When we launched as a startup we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making. As a Data Scientist at Capital One, you'll be part of a team that's leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in distributed computing technologies and operating across billions and billions of customer transactions to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and agony in their financial lives. On any given day you'll be: -Using Hadoop and related tools (Pig, Hive, Impala) to manage the analysis of billions of customer transaction records -Writing software to clean and investigate large, messy data sets of numerical and textual data -Integrating with external data sources and APIs to discover interesting trends (NOAA Weather Data + Credit Card Transactions = Fascinating!) -Creating machine learning models from development through testing and validation to our 30+ million customers in production -Designing rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to customers or company leaders -Investigating the impact of new technologies on the future of mobilebanking and the financial world of tomorrow The Ideal Candidate will be… -Curious. You ask why, you explore, you're not afraid to blurt out your crazy idea. You probably have a diploma and an impressive GPA, or you dropped out of college, taught yourself and routinely win Kaggle competitions. -Wrangler. You know how to move data around, from a database or an API, through a transformation or two, a model and into human-readable form (ROC curve, Excel chart, map, d3 visualization, Tableau, etc.). You probably know Python, Java, R, Storm, Julia, SQL, Matlab, Mahout, or think everything can be done in a Perl one-liner. -Do-er. You have a bias toward action, you try things, and sometimes you fail. Expect to tell us what you've shipped and what's flopped. -Fearless. Big, undefined problems and petabytes don't frighten you. You can work at a tiny crack until you've broken open the whole nut. Twenty-five years after Capital One was started it's still led by its founder. Be ready to join a community of the smartest folks you've ever met, who see the customer first, and want to use their data skills to make a difference. Capital One is a diversified bank that offers a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small business and commercial clients. Ranked #127 on the Fortune 500, Capital One has one of the most widely recognized brands in America. As one of the nation's top 10 banks, we offer a broad spectrum of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients. We nurture a work environment where people with a variety of thoughts, ideas and backgrounds, guided by our shared Values, come together to make Capital One a great company and a great place to work. At Capital One, data is at the center of everything we do. When we launched as a startup we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making. As a Data Scientist at Capital One, you'll be part of a team that's leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in distributed computing technologies and operating across billions and billions of customer transactions to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and agony in their financial lives. On any given day you'll be: -Using Hadoop and related tools (Pig, Hive, Impala) to manage the analysis of billions of customer transaction records -Writing software to clean and investigate large, messy data sets of numerical and textual data -Integrating with external data sources and APIs to discover interesting trends (NOAA Weather Data + Credit Card Transactions = Fascinating!) -Creating machine learning models from development through testing and validation to our 30+ million customers in production -Designing rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to customers or company leaders -Investigating the impact of new technologies on the future of mobilebanking and the financial world of tomorrow The Ideal Candidate will be… -Curious. You ask why, you explore, you're not afraid to blurt out your crazy idea. You probably have a diploma and an impressive GPA, or you dropped out of college, taught yourself and routinely win Kaggle competitions. -Wrangler. You know how to move data around, from a database or an API, through a transformation or two, a model and into human-readable form (ROC curve, Excel chart, map, d3 visualization, Tableau, etc.). You probably know Python, Java, R, Storm, Julia, SQL, Matlab, Mahout, or think everything can be done in a Perl one-liner. -Do-er. You have a bias toward action, you try things, and sometimes you fail. Expect to tell us what you've shipped and what's flopped. -Fearless. Big, undefined problems and petabytes don't frighten you. You can work at a tiny crack until you've broken open the whole nut. Twenty-five years after Capital One was started it's still led by its founder. Be ready to join a community of the smartest folks you've ever met, who see the customer first, and want to use their data skills to make a difference. Basic Qualifications: -At least a Master's Degree OR a Bachelor's Degree and a minimum of 5 years of experience -At least 1 yearexperience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis -At least 1 yearexperience with machine learning -At least 1 yearexperience with relational databases -At least 1 yearexperience with SQL Preferred Qualifications: - PhD -3+ years' experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis -3+ years' experience with machine learning -3+ years' experience with relational databases -3+ years' experience with SQL Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position. No Agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace.
