As a member of the Data Science team in ERS, you will help us protect our customers, partners and brands from fraud, account takeover and network security threats by using industry-leading data and decision science. Expedia Group has deep and rich data sets, many still untapped, and your passion for data science and machine learning has the power to discover tangible insights for our business. We're a deeply collaborative team and you will have the opportunity to work closely with colleagues across partner, engineering, operations, and product groups. Fully immerse yourself in data, draw insight from analysis, and then zoom out to develop compelling, synthesized recommendations. In addition, you will use your knowledge of scripting tools like Python or R to develop scientific algorithms and help automate repeatable analytical processes. This is an exciting opportunity for someone passionate about using data to innovate and improve the effectiveness of risk and security threat detection algorithms and technology. Your work will positively impact millions of customers. What You'll Do Identify and understand key business challenges and opportunities, formulate the machine learning problem and build prototype solutions Develop state of the art algorithms using machine learning, statistical and optimization methods to power various aspects of highly complex business models Collect and manipulate large volumes of data; build new and improved techniques and/or solutions for data collection, management, and usage Collaborate extensively with partners, operations, program & product management, and engineering team to ensure that solution meet business needs, lead to valid inferences and have functional feasibility Automate and/or streamline repetitive processes to improve individual and team productivity. Communicate results in a clean and simple way to all levels of the company (field teams up to senior management) Brainstorm with other team members Who You Are PhD or MS in computer science or equivalent quantitative fields with a strong background in machine learning. 5+ years industry experience working with live data (data cleaning, data visualization and modeling) and building machine learning models. Strong algorithm design and programming skills in at least one language like Python, R, or Scala in a distributed computing environment. Passion for solving interesting and meaningful real-world problems using principled techniques and practices Helpful collaboration in a team and sensitive to clients' needs, while developing warm relationships, and a willingness to think through ambiguous problems with others Experience documenting, synthesizing, and communicating results. Bonus points for hands-on experience with deep learning technologies , experience in e-commerce and/or online travel, and experience in risk and security.
