Flyhomes is reinventing the traditional real estate process to create a radically different experience.We level the playing field by giving any qualified buyer the chance to make a cash offer. We eliminate risk and uncertainty for homeowners trying to buy a new home with our Trade Up program. We streamline the homebuying process by unifying brokerage, financing, closing, and home services. Innovation is in our DNA. What will you create here? When you join Flyhomes, you will have the ability to not only affect change across an industry, but on a human level. Real estate and technology are what we do, but people are at the core of our mission. From client-facing roles to data and technology, we start and end with the people we work with because they're what matters. You'll work alongside others who love to solve problems, think creatively, and take risks to fly the plane as we continue to build it! If this sounds appealing, we want to connect with you. We are currently seeking several collaborative and insightful Data Scientist at varying levels to join our Seattle, WA Fly Team location! What You'll Do Build ML pipelines in production, using modern tools/frameworks and cloud based platforms Rapidly prototype features and predictive models, extract and engineer new features Identify, research, and analyze new data sources to improve model accuracy Become a domain expert in real-estate Coordinate with product, engineering, and operations to understand impact and trade-offs of modeling improvements What You'll Bring Passion for building solid data infrastructure Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in quantative field (Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc.) Three or more years' of experience in machine learning Deep understanding of predictive modeling, machine-learning, clustering and classification techniques, and algorithms Fluency in a programming language (Python, C,C++, Java, SQL) If R or Julia, must be able to scale algorithmsFamiliarity with Big Data frameworks and visualization tools (Cassandra, Hadoop, Spark, Tableau) Experience in GIS preferred Your Superpowers Analytical and Critical Thinker: You employ a commitment to rigorous analysis of data, diagnosis and problem solving to reach well-reasoned solutions. Collaborative: You partner effectively with internal clients and colleagues, to drive our 'winning together' culture and execute on our common goals Communicative: You develop and deliver multi-mode communication to share ideas, learn from each other, and keep each other informed about problems, opportunities, progress and solutions Action Oriented: You seize opportunities, take on tough challenges and drive ideas and plans forward with a sense of urgency, high energy and enthusiasm. You are able to pivot to solution focus and inspire others to do the same Learning Agility: You are open to new ways of thinking and committed to acquiring new skills to retain a competitive advantage Driven: You take initiative and persist in accomplishing objectives despite obstacles and setbacks. You are organized, focused and highly disciplined. Hard work doesn't scare you Work Excellence: You are conscientious with the consistency and quality of deliverables and promote high standards, always seeking ways to imporve products. You're adept at prioritization and project management with attentiveness to detail and consistent follow through Flexible: You thrive in a dynamic, fluid and unstructured environment because you are a self-starter who is eager to learn, grow and build something great together Resourceful: You find ways to get things done efficiently and effectively to accomplish goals and redefine what is possible Flyhomes Perks Reinventing an industry takes work and we aim to recognize and champion the well being of our people professionally, financially, physically and mentally. Healthcare benefits…obviously, plus contributions to HSA Flexible work schedules 401(k) + employer match Commuter benefits Charitable donation match Dog-friendly work environment (11 dogs…and counting!) Real estate license sponsorship And…drumroll please… rebates when buying / selling a home (SOLD!!!)
