Job Summary Healthcare Statistician At Carilion your skills and talents lead to improving the health of the communities that we serve, and you can be confident that your contribution will enable us to work in unison to serve the community, to do what's right for our patients with an unwavering quest for exceptional quality and service as we put our hearts into everything we do for our patients every day. Together we will continue to foster creativity and innovation in our pursuit of excellence. The Healthcare Statistician is a key part of the Carilion Clinic family. They are responsible for performing requirement gathering, data quality assessment, standardizing and automating labor intensive repetitive process, performing complex statistical analysis , creating interactive visual analysis, assessing result and communication with different clients across the organization Be at your best with an organization that equips you to do so. Whose people unite in making lives better. At Carilion Clinic, we help communities stay healthy and our region grow stronger through compassionate care, medical education and research, and neighborhood outreach. As part of our team you can expect professional stability, strong technological resources, and the advancement potential of a regional leader. Based in Roanoke, VA, we are an award-winning, community-based network of hospitals, primary and specialty physician practices, and affiliations with prestigious academic medical institutions. Explore how joining a regional leader can enhance your ability to learn, grow, and succeed. Minimum Qualifications Education: Associates/Bachelor's degree in health informatics, computer science, information systems, healthcare, statistics, business or equivalent combination of education and relevant experience required. Master's degree in the above fields is preferred. Experience: Minimum of five years of related experience is required. Advanced knowledge of office automation software (word processing, spreadsheets, email and presentation software) including automation methods such as macros are required. Advanced knowledge of at least one statistical package (SAS or R) is required. Experience with SQL language is required. Experience with programming in R or Python language is required. Experience in developing predicative models and operationalizing them is preferred. Data Science degree or certificate from an accredited organization is preferred. Licensure,certification, and/or registration: Certificate of advanced data science training for developing predictive models from an accredited organization is required. Other Minimum Qualifications: Must be a self-initiated team player with strong organizational and analytical skills. Must be able to work both independently and in a team setting. Must be capable of prioritizing multiple projects and meeting deadlines with good time management. Effective oral and written communication, presentation and problem solving skills required. Our Values Below are our core values that we strive to embody and expect of all our team members: CommUNITY: Working in unison to serve our community, our Carilion family and our loved ones. Courage: Doing what's right for our patients without question. Commitment: Unwavering in our quest for exceptional quality and service. Compassion: Putting heart into everything we do. Curiosity: Fostering creativity and innovation in our pursuit of excellence. Requisition Number: 27355 Employment Status: Full time
