About Us The IT division sets technology vision, strategy, goals and performance measures to fulfill and advance the Movement's business objectives. IT directs traditional information technology functions, as well as enhances business value with innovative, technology-based solutions. The teams in this division include: Products, Platforms and Services; Enterprise Architecture; Enterprise Data, Analytics and Reporting; Information Security and Compliance; IT Operations, and IT Finance. The team collaborates closely with all other communities at GSUSA as well as with external vendors. You Will The Director, Enterprise Data Science & Analytics is a strategic role within the Enterprise Data leadership team, supporting the VP, Enterprise Data & Analytics, and is charged with enabling future growth of the movement by instituting a world class and innovative enterprise analytics capability to meet the organization's strategic business goals. This role provides vision and strategy for all enterprise analytics activities and will build this capability from the ground up, creating a national, networked team of experienced data science, analytics and technology professionals. For this newly created role, the candidate must have demonstrated success conceptualizing, socializing, establishing and fully operationalizing these or similar capabilities in organizations where they may not have existed either at scale or consistently previously. The ideal candidate will institute strong governance, process, and systems while maintaining a mindset of disruptive innovation. A sound understanding of core enterprise data and analytics as it relates to the understanding of the non-profit industry is a plus. 1. Define a movement-wide Enterprise Data Analytics strategy and lead, nurture and mentor an integrated team to drive its multi-year execution. 2. Establish a Data Science program and identify opportunities to apply data science tools and techniques to solve business problems through the smart use of predictive analytics. Conduct individual research projects and develop the organization's data science capabilities through mentoring. 3. Establish Enterprise Analytics Center of Excellence, integrate and streamline analytic efforts currently deployed across multiple initiatives, consolidating and leveraging resources across projects for greater efficiency and impact. 4. Establish Enterprise Measurement Plan, building and providing business performance dashboards to provide timely information and insights that enable executives to improve decisions, optimize processes and plans, and work proactively. 5. Promote a strong Data Culture. Drive the data maturity of the enterprise through promoting and developing data literacy, and building partnerships with other teams and challenging their assumptions about data. 6. Identify and lead advanced data analytics projects to optimize the use of data across the organization. Maintain a closed loop relationship with key business leaders and subject matter experts to identify and realize opportunities to achieve breakthrough business results through data, data science and new technologies. Required Competencies You Need Ph.D in a quantitative field. A futurist who sees the case for change and skills to drive it across the enterprise, who can also drive foundational platforms to establish the base for driving analytics and innovative programs. Demonstrated ability to lead, organize, coordinate and execute on mulitple concurrent highly complex projects, building collaborative national teams to deliver on business needs. Able to recruit, nurture and develop high-performing teams. Proven track record of complex coordination and interaction across lines of business and technical boundaries. Ability to converse vertically and liaison among business, internal technical staff, and external vendors is essential. Excellent problem-solving capabilities delivering innovative yet practical solutions for highly complex issues. Strong decision-making skills, weighing advantages, disadvantages and business impact for rapid decisions. Strong communications with a consultative mindset, and ability to influencesenior executives. A team player with proven capability to progress through a sequence of roles with increasing responsibility. Advocate for best practices and promote the ethical use of data.
