Where good people build rewarding careers.

Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.
Job Description
LOCATION: Irving, TX OR Charlotte, NC OR TEMPE, AZ
Information Services Group provides technology for Allstate's information strategy, which gives a significant competitive advantage to the company. Users across Allstate have the ability to tap into massive amounts of data to understand what consumers want in order to make sound business decisions, drive product innovation and improve the customer's experience.

The Big Data Engineer - Senior Consultant II is accountable for leading a technical team of developers on the Enterprise Data Quality team to deliver innovative data quality solutions that generate business value, specifically focused on Hadoop-based, non-relational data. This role requires in-depth data experience to translate unique business requirements into technical data quality specifications that ensure data is fit-for-purpose. Engage with strategic partners to optimize the data quality function and identify strategic capabilities to keep up with data and insurance industry trends.
Job Description
Key Responsibilities
Serve as a subject matter expert and an advocate of the data quality strategic vision and enterprise data strategy
Design and drive the implementation of end-to-end data quality solutions for multiple data ecosystems that leverage non-relational data
Consistently contribute to process improvements and help lead the team to deliver working solutions and data quality standards
Participate and review documentation for self-service data quality practices, the process framework, and internal guides
Collaborate with various business and technical teams to gather requirements around data quality rules and propose the optimization of these rules if applicable, then design and develop these rules in Informatica Data Quality, Informatica Data Engineering Quality (DEQ), or other home-grown technologies
Perform thorough data profiling with multiple usage patterns, root cause analysis and data cleansing and develop scorecards utilizing Informatica, Excel and other data quality tools
Configure and manage connection process
Develop "matching" plans, help determine best matching algorithm, configure identity matching and analyze duplicates
Build workflows scorecards in Informatica Data Engineering Quality (DEQ) to support data remediation
Run data quality jobs (address standardization and validation, email cleanups, name cleanup, parsing, etc.) utilizing DEQ and other ETL tools
Serve as the primary resource to team members and data stewards for training, problem resolution, data profiling etc.
Analyze and provide data metrics to target personas to provide insight into data quality and help prioritize remediation efforts
Identify and resolve issues, bugs, and impediments
Job Qualifications
Education and Experience
Bachelors Degree in Math, Statistics, Finance, Business, Economics, IT or related field, or equivalent experience
5-7+ years of data and/or analytics experience
Required Skills
Experience with various data types (i.e. relational, unstructured, semi-structured, hierarchical, linked graph data, streaming, biometrics)
Experience with development, management, and manipulation of large, complex datasets
Experience with database & ETL technologies
Demonstrated knowledge of data management competencies and implementation
Proficient at writing SQL queries and verifying the results
Familiar with organizational change management strategies
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Excellent time-management and organization skills
Ability to operate in a rapidly changing, high-visibility environment
Desire to learn and ability to learn quickly
Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong decision-making skills
Ability to draw meaningful conclusions and recommendations
Job Qualifications
Nice-to-Have
Experience working within agile methodologies
Working knowledge of cloud infrastructure (AWS/Azure/Google)
Intermediate technical knowledge related to various data platforms
Administration experience on Hadoop, HDFS, YARN, Spark, Sentry/Ranger, HBase and Zookeeper
Experience using Informatica Data Quality, Informatica Data Engineering Quality, Informatica Analyst
Experience in configuring & troubleshooting the components in the Hadoop ecosystem Spark, Solr, Scala, Kafka etc.
Ability to communicate and present advanced technical topics to general audiences
Ability to code in languages such as Python, Perl, Java, C, R, SQL, XSLT
Understanding of analytics techniques such as predictive modeling, machine learning, neural networks
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Preferred: Certified Data Management Professional Certification
Preferred: Informatica Data Quality or Data Engineering Quality (or other Informatica tool) Certification
Preferred: non-relational data store certification

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click here for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click here for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the EEO is the Law poster click here. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click here. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Companys policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employees ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.
