EXL Analytics provides data-driven, action-oriented solutions to business problems through statistical data mining, cutting edge analytics techniques and a consultative approach. Leveraging proprietary methodology and best-of-breed technology, EXL Analytics takes an industry-specific approach to transform our clients' decision making and embed analytics more deeply into their business processes. Our global footprint of nearly 2,000 data scientists and analysts assist client organizations with complex risk minimization methods, advanced marketing, pricing and CRM strategies, internal cost analysis, and cost and resource optimization within the organization. EXL Analytics serves the insurance, healthcare, banking, capital markets, utilities, retail and e-commerce, travel, transportation and logistics industries. Position Overview Our growing Insurance Analytics vertical is looking for an experienced candidate to join our team working on advanced analytics consulting projects for a leading Insurer. The ideal candidate for this position will be analytically strong with excellent problem solving skills and should be able to formulate modeling methodology based on the use case. He/she should be able to manage projects independently and lead the discussions with client stakeholders. Responsibilities Independently drive the projects, leading teams of 1-3 analysts in a dual-shore model Data modeling using advanced methods in Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, NLP Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Augment internal data with third party sources of information when needed Lead discussions with client stakeholders to understand business problems and formulate solutions Lead discussions with technology, data-warehousing, other internal teams to resolve issues, deploy the models etc. Qualifications Master's/Bachelor's Degree in Analytics/Data Science/Statistics/Mathematics/Engineering/ Computer Science or related quantitative fields from top-tier universities with strong academic record Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random Forest, NLP etc 5+ years of Analytics/modeling experience working with large datasets Experience of Predictive Modeling/Machine Learning using Python/R/SAS Experience of building Natural Language Processing models/performing Text Analytics Demonstrated leadership ability and willingness to take initiative Outstanding written and verbal communication skills Able to work in fast pace continuously evolving environment What we offer: EXL Analytics offers an exciting, fast paced and innovative environment, which brings together a group of sharp and entrepreneurial professionals who are eager to influence business decisions. From your very first day, you get an opportunity to work closely with highly experienced, world class analytics consultants. Opportunity to join our Insurance Analytics team which works with 8 of the top 10 global insurers, across the value chain – Marketing, Pricing, Underwriting, Claims, Actuarial and Operations. You get to leverage the vast & deep knowledge pool developed by the team over the years in areas such as Predictive Modeling, Text Mining, NLP, Recommendation Engine, Image Analytics, IoT etc.  In the current role, you will get an opportunity to work with the Insurance analytics team of a Top 3 US P&C Insurer. This team consists of leading actuarial & data science practitioners, offering tremendous learning opportunities.
