Company Summary Join our team! As a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, First American Title Insurance Company (NYSE: FAF) is an ideal place to build your career. We have been entrusted with helping our customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. First American's Data Tree LLC is the nation's leading provider of property information and online recorded public land records. We offer billions of imaged documents along with innovative, comprehensive post-closing and servicing solutions, including document retrieval, data delivery, lien release and assignment preparation, and document management services. We believe that our people are the key to the company's continued success. Because our employees enable our future, we invest in theirs by supporting their careers and promoting their overall wellbeing. First American has created an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® 2018 list for the third consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, visit www.datatree.com. Job Summary We have an exciting role for a Data Scientist to help build and solve some of the most unique, interesting and challenging questions related to Natural language processing (NLP) utilizing a variety of Machine learning and deep learning techniques within Artificial Intelligence. The role will present opportunities to work on large datasets and the ability to use innovative techniques in Artificial Intelligence ranging from various NLP methods, computer vision, and deep learning to enable solutions that will be directly impactful to our customers. The solutions that you will POC, obtain feedback, quickly turnaround, iterate, story tell and integrate the model in a production pipeline will be a key success criterion for this position. You will completely own and manage the solution and collaborate with key product groups to provide innovative ideas and solution that are impactful and add immediate value. Responsibilities Use consultative approach to understand business problems and build solutions in an iterative manner. Works with product teams to identify opportunities for Machine learning Deep learning and computer vision models to enable key success criteria. Perform end to end activities within the data science life cycle from business problem understanding, exploratory data analysis, feature engineering, model training, model evaluation, visualization and deployment. Within an NLP problem able to design and implement all components of the solution starting from understanding the data set, document balance, cleansing, bag of words model, TF-IDF, dimensionality reduction and utilize machine learning and/or deep learning techniques and tune model parameters to achieve optimal model scores. Utilize Machine learning to identify pattern and anomaly in data sets. Proactively research, prototype and present ideas to senior management in areas of machine learning, deep learning and computer vision that are directly beneficial and impactful to business use cases. Participate and mature the data science framework with industry leading tools like Azure ML best practices and community of learning. Qualifications Strong problem-solving skills Experience with state-of-the-art techniques in machine learning algorithms, including deep neural networks, NLP, kernel methods, dimensionality reduction in supervised and unsupervised contexts, ensemble methods, and network analysis. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. Experience working with Tensorflow and/or PyTorch libraries. Experience working with and creating data architectures. Experience in developing and tuning neural networks is a plus Experience working with Tensorflow and/or PyTorch libraries. Experience in Text processing is a plus Experience with Big Data (Hadoop) is a plus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. Coding experience with several languages like C, C#, C++, Java Script, Python, R, etc., Very good experience of querying databases Typical Education BS or equivalent in Mathematics, Statistics, or Computer Science MS or PhD degree preferred Typical Range of Experience 3 years' experience building predictive and descriptive statistical models 2+ Years of Machine Learning & Deep Learning 3+ Years Software development experience.
