Description: Responsible for security strategies utilizing industry security standards, normative comparisons with industry peers, best practice research and Aetna specific business and technology requirements Fundamental Components: Helping define, drive and deliver all aspects of the data science product lifecycle, from requirements gathering, education, and strategy, to study design, solution architecting, programming, testing, implementation, delivery, and iteration of data science analytics products. Extensive experience with the analytics space, including hybrid cloud computing environment and architecture, agile & scrum principles, data science, big data, machine learning, AI, data science workflow and development lifecycle and success criteria / MVP development for data science products. Responsible for the end-to-end creation and deployment of new analytic offerings to support mostly internal global security customers, but indirectly benefit external customers and partners. Analyzing log, security, and cybersecurity intelligence data and using quantitative methods to create actionable and timely data products. Presents to management and existing security personnel information services, capabilities and performance results. Presents analysis recommendations to management. Deep knowledge in machine learning, statistical analysis, security, and network data to model risk-driven models of consumer and workforce behavior and provide context to security analysts to drive business decisions. Provides strategic leadership and proactively recommends innovative research techniques and customer engagement opportunities. Contributes to a motivated work environment by working effectively to achieve common goals. Background Experience: Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Experience with architecture and compute environment of hybrid cloud solutions. Strong organizational, management and leadership skills. Superior skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment. Superior ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form. Expertise in advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources. Expertise in innovating and implementing novel machine learning techniques. Comprehensive knowledge on health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products. Demonstrates advanced in-depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling. 10 or more years of progressively complex related experience. Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline. Master's degree or PhD preferred. Additional Job Information: Knowledge of security and risk management, fraud detection, security standards, and machine learning models. Desired Skills: General Business - Communicating for Impact, General Business - Consulting for Solutions, General Business - Demonstrating Business and Industry Acumen
