ROLE SUMMARY

The Pfizer Simulation and Modeling Sciences (SMS) group has an opening for a computational methods developer with strong expertise in computational biology, bioinformatics, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). Working with the biotherapeutics group, the successful candidate will leverage skills in sequence analysis, protein structure modeling, machine learning, and scientific programming to develop AI models and computational tools that enable design of antibody therapeutics and prediction of biophysical and therapeutic properties. To be successful in this role, the incumbent must be able to effectively collaborate with colleagues with diverse scientific background, identify problems and opportunities, and combine techniques from computational biology and AI, in particular recent advances in deep learning, to rapidly develop powerful computational solutions.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Identify novel and creative applications of deep learning approaches to advance discovery and development of antibody therapeutics.
Collaborate across biotherapeutics organization to implement powerful AI models and cutting-edge computational tools to enable rapid developability assessment of novel monoclonal antibodies.
Effectively utilize relevant public and proprietary databases and available computational resources (internal HPC and Cloud) to develop ML models to predict important biophysical and therapeutic properties of antibodies.
Occasionally contribute to the ongoing and new ML-related efforts within SMS in the area of small molecule discovery and development.
Leverage proprietary computational framework and applications to deploy AI/ML models for wide usage by Pfizer scientists.
Proactively identify, assess, and internalize promising methods and tools.
Communicate and explain computational models and ML techniques to broad scientific audience from diverse discipline.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. in computational biology, chemical engineering, computer science, physical or biological sciences, machine learning, or related discipline.
Experience with several machine learning algorithms (e.g. Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Deep Neural Networks) and packages (e.g. Sci-kit Learn, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch).
Track record of applying machine learning, in particular modern deep learning approaches, to solve relevant biological problems.
Familiarity with concepts, techniques, and common tools used for sequence analysis and protein structure modeling.
Experience with Unix/Linux, HPC environments, and high-level programming language (e.g. Python).
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated track record of applying AI/ML, in particular cutting-edge deep learning techniques such as ConvNet, RNN, generative modeling, and reinforcement learning to tackle complex drug discovery and development problems.
Experience in applying ML to immunology data, e.g. HLA peptide binding.
OTHER INFORMATION
Last Date to Apply for Job: July 6, 2020
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Information & Business Tech
