The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve national security. You'll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You'll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior leadership make informed decisions. You'll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in strategic innovation. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we're dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: - access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk - a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world's premier data science for social good competition - participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You'll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We'll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -3+ years of experience with machine learning, including computer vision, deep learning, and image processing -Experience with Natural Language Processing tool and methodologies -Ability to perform innovative machine learning research and software development -Ability to communicate results effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences -Ability to work independently on complex tasks -Ability to obtain a security clearance -BA or BS degree required Nice If You Have: -Experience in quantum mechanics or working with quantum computers, including both theory and laboratory work a plus -Experience with building complex data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL), including ETL into structured databases, data warehouses, and data processing systems -Experience with consulting -MS or MA degree Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
