Develop trade-craft techniques and solutions for discovery, preparation, manipulation, and normalization of big data Use mathematical concepts and techniques to solve complex GEOINT analysis issues and understand concepts associated with structured data and relational databases Primary products will include presenting processed data, visualizations and scientific analysis to GEOINT analysts and managers in support of production, and providing Subject Matter Expert (SME) services in various forums Interaction directly with GEOINT analyst customers as support requirements arise, and devise an optimal approach to processing and scientifically analyzing data in a timely manner given the available tools and techniques Presentation of processed data and scientific analysis to GEOINT analysts and managers. Analysts who use disparate data are usually not familiar with it, and the resulting analysis must be presented and explained in a manner that the customer can understand. The Contractor shall provide results to the customer with the requested form and content, including project related briefings as required Ad-hoc informational briefings and training for the purpose of educating analysts and managers as to the capabilities of data science methodologies, processing, visualization and its benefit, to include presentations to the Commonwealth countries Support and participation in community forums on an ad-hoc basis. This sometimes requires presentation of technical information or case studies resulting from operational support, to include presentations to the Commonwealth countries Providing Subject Matter Expert (SME) support to the Community, and other GEOINT components and Contractors. Activities may include attending Technical Exchange Meetings (TEM); user testing and evaluation of new capabilities under development (e.g., participation as a user on SCRUM team in AGILE sprints); and advising various directorates. Investigating new scientific analysis techniques and methods if requirements cannot be met in a timely manner with available tools and methods. This could include monitoring the community and industry for new technologies that can be inserted for operational use or the near-term formulation of algorithms and applications Explain assumptions, analytical techniques, and statistical results effectively in writing and orally to convey intelligence problems being resolved Formal written reports of selected products may be required which must conform to reporting standards of the customer Utilize the relationship between the data collected for a real-world problem and the required structure of a relational database to help solve that problem Utilize deductive reasoning and the scientific method as it applies to GEOINT analysis to solve problems. Requirements: Active TS/SCI 11+ years of relevant experience A bachelor's degree in a field related to the support services may count for up to four years of this experience. A master's degree in a field related to the support services may count for up to two additional years of this experience. Determine the most appropriate research projects, data collection, and methodologies. Identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and/or exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources, including building or generating new data sets as appropriate. Interpret and evaluate the results of data science community's methods models and/or algorithms, understanding the meaning, limitations, and scope of the results, translating into the insightful output for data science and/or mission and identifying other applications for use. Initiate the efficient implementation of methods, tools, algorithms, including preliminary data exploration, data visualization and preparation, model calibration, specification or estimation: and algorithm validation and verification using a comprehensive range of technologies (e.g. software packages, programming languages, computational environments) Educate managers, senior internal officers, and the IC through mediums such as presentations, documentation, and discussions. Lead work unit proactively addressing and responding to the most difficult data science-related challenges in a timely manner while effectively balancing competing priorities. Coordinate sub-tasks for successful project task integration. Demonstrated strong writing and briefing skills consistent with national-level performance
