Skills Required: This position requires a detail-oriented person who has experience in big data analysis using multiple data sources and statistical research, and who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment. Ability to problem-solve, work independently on critical initiatives and see the big picture are keys to success in this position. Skills Required: Master's in mathematics, statistics, quantitative social sciences, or hard sciences (e.g. engineering, computer science, biology, physics, etc.) with outstanding analytical expertise and strong technical leadership OR 3-5 years of work experience focusing on the following: Background in theoretical statistics including but not limited to multivariate statistics and data reduction techniques Experience in dissecting/adapting statistical and mathematical theory to solve real world problems Familiarity with a large range of open source statistical tools/functions Developing robust statistical models in order to complex data driven problems Creating, organizing, analyzing, and correcting very large and unstructured datasets Coding in data science-related programming languages; required experience with Python Leading and managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders Excellent communication & presentation skills (written and verbal) Skills Desired: Industry knowledge of digital audience/media measurement Experience working with a wide variety of diverse data sets Experience working with global cross-functional teams of various sizes Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Spotfire) Experience working with cloud based technologies (e.g. Databricks) Key Responsibilities Develop new methodologies to measure cross-platform audience on new digitalEvaluate quality and accuracy of data from these sources, using statistical models and existing Nielsen data assets Question and improve theoretical assumptions that underlie Nielsen's products and develop innovative solutions Develop methodologies and processes to continuously track data quality and correct any "noise" Develop processes to implement, maintain, and enhance these methodologies in client-facing products Act as a liaison and subject matter expert with key internal stakeholders (e.g. application development, engineering, client business partners) Stay up to date on industry changes to digital measurement (e.g., new devices and platforms, privacy laws updates, changes in browser/app measurement, etc.) and critically assess how it would impact Nielsen measurement. Engage in discussions on strategic direction of product from a client perspective. Stay informed of new research and developments in the field Confidently represent Data Science methods and approaches to internal and external partners and clients. Participate in internal and external knowledge exchanges (conferences, workshops, webinars).
