Company Description CapTech is a national IT management consulting firm that bridges the gap between business and technology. We partner with some of the world's most successful companies to design, develop, and manage technical and digital solutions that delight customers, drive insights, and meet strategic objectives. At CapTech, you'll experience a flat organizational structure based upon a culture of mutual respect. Here, your career path isn't set in stone, and you have unlimited potential for growth and the resources to help you achieve your career goals. If you are creative, technically insightful, driven-and have a passion for the work that we do, then you might be a future CapTecher. For over five years, we have been in the Top 10 of Consulting Magazine's Best Firms to Work For, including #2 for IT Firms and #5 for Work/Life Balance. We are also recognized by Vault.com's Top 50 Consulting Firms and have been on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing companies for over 10 years. Job Description CapTech Data Scientists are responsible for designing and implementing data-driven solutions for our clients, with specific focus on advanced analytical methods, data models and visualizations. CapTech employees enjoy a collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other CapTech analysts, architects, and our clients. Specific responsibilities for the Data Science position include: Strategizing with clients on and implementing new analytical approaches (e.g., designing new segments to analyze customer behavior). Developing data models and transformations, visualizations and reports using a variety of enterprise-level data platforms, e.g., Hadoop, Teradata, Amazon Web Services. Designing and developing advanced analytical methods on client data (e.g., link analysis, natural language processing, decision trees and risk scoring). Deconstructing client needs into data-driven processes/models and analytical measures. Growing CapTech's data science practice through client presentations, writing proposals, attending various business development events and leading teams of junior data analysts. Qualifications Specific qualifications for the Data Scientist position include: Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years of hands-on experience manipulating and analyzing large (multi-billion record) data sets. 3+ years of demonstrablePythonprogramming experience 5+ years of experience with enterprise reporting platforms (e.g., Tableau, Microstrategy, Business Objects, etc.) and developing advanced data visualizations. 5+ years of experience developing analytical metrics and measures for business/C-suite level reporting. Expert proficiency with data warehousing tools/environments: Base SAS, Teradata, Oracle, Hadoop, SQL Server. Comfort and proficiency in generating cross-industry business requirements and translating them down to data-driven approaches. Experience in three (or more) of the following analytical practices: consumer analysis, marketing analysis, financial analysis, website analysis, healthcare analysis and/or social media analysis. Expert proficiency in SQL, MapReduce/Hive, NoSQL and/or other data transformation techniques. Moderate to expert proficiency in modern data manipulation techniques: Machine learning, natural language processing/text mining, predictive intelligence/statistics and simulation. Strong communication, PowerPoint and writing skills. Additional Information We offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. All CapTechers can keep their hands-on technology no matter what position they hold. Our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way. At CapTech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to: Competitive salary with performance-based bonus opportunities Single and Family Health Insurance plans, including Dental coverage Short-Term and Long-Term disability Matching 401(k) Competitive Paid Time Off Training and Certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursement Team building and social activities Mentor program to help you develop your career
