The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the health care industry. You'll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You'll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts, use automation, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help make informed decisions. You'll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. As a technical expert, you'll identify new opportunities to use data science solutions to help your customers meet their toughest challenges. Join us as we use data science for good in the health care industry. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we're dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world's premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You'll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We'll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -3+ years of experience with SAS programming, including Base SAS, SAS/MACRO, SAS/STAT, and SAS/GRAPH -Experience with using SAS data steps or SAS/SQL procedures for data manipulation, quality assurance, data cleaning, normalization, and analysis -Experience with manipulating large or complex databases and developing appropriate data models, tracking and evaluating patterns of care and outcomes, and applying relevant analytical and statistical methods to evaluate and solve healthcare problems. -BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: -Experience with working in healthcare, including in an analytic role with a commercial or civil health payer, health advocacy group, or applied analytics in health policy. -Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including presenting client deliverables and findings at conferences or internal roundtable discussions -SAS Certification We're an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
