This position is in Global Insights and Analytics (GIA) team- the heart of Intel's central market research and insights function that supports Sales and Marketing Group (SMG) and Intel's Business Units. Emphasis of this position is on driving data driven culture into Intel's marketing efforts and integrating analytics driven insights into decision making by combining marketing investment data, sales data, behavior data (e.g. web behavior, social media listening, search, telemetry, etc.) with traditional primary research data (e.g. survey-based data, focus groups, etc.). A Marketing Data Scientist position will assist business with insights based on finding patterns and relationships in data, with a focus on measuring marketing effectiveness and optimizing marketing program's efficiency through advanced analytics/modeling. A successful candidate will demonstrate: Experience with predictive modeling, statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights from structured and unstructured data. Strong business understanding in order to translate data into intelligence, solve a variety of business problems and enable marketing strategy. Effective presentation/communication skills and the ability to interpret and simplify data for others. Must be able to communicate conclusions in a clear and sharp manner. Must be able to work well independently as well as part of a broad team. Innovative attitude and out-of-the-box thinking. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in statistics, mathematics, economics, computer science, or engineering. Minimum 4 years of experience in: -Analytics, preferably in market intelligence, finance, marketing or sales analytics. -Data mining software packages such as R, SAS, SPLUS, SQL and statistical algorithms and modeling -Data visualization, reporting, and tool building in order to scale operations and increase visibility to the data/results -Experience working with large and complex data sets. This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position.
