Careers | UL | Data Scientist in Northbrook, Illinois | Careers at United States - Northbrook
Please Enable Cookies to Continue

Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.

Welcome page

Returning Candidate?

Log back in!


Data Scientist

Location

US-IL-Northbrook

Job ID

2020-17946

# of Openings

1

Job Category

Information Technology



What you’ll learn & achieve:



Use advanced mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to collect and analyze data and construct solutions to complex business problems. Identify what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources, leveraging new data collection processes such as sensors, open data, and social media feeds. Perform advanced statistical analysis on experimental or business data to identify, validate and quantify trends or patterns. Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models to explore complex business and safety science systems. Construct advanced predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions. Write methodology, analysis and data insights for research papers, proposals and presentations. Synthesize all aspects of a data science project to lead non-technical audiences through the goals, methods and implications of the project. Leverage knowledge in machine learning, natural language processing, mathematical and statistical analyses, and technologies such as R, MongoDB, Elastic Search and open source analysis tools. Work with business leaders and researchers to suggest other projects and initiatives that will advance the organizations goals. *This position qualifies for Underwriters Laboratories Inc.’s employee referral policy program.



What makes you a great fit:



Master’s degree in data science, predictive analytics, mathematics or statistics and 3 years of experience in data analytics or data science.

Must have work experience with each of the following: 1.) predictive modeling using machine learning including neural networks Bayesian, k-means and related algorithms; 2.) implement natural language processing algorithms to detect patterns in large volumes of unstructured data using BERT, Spark, scikit learn, NLTK and SpaCy; 3.) conduct mathematical and statistical analyses to uncover relationships between variables using R, multivariate, logistic and other regression methods; and 4.) aggregate, prepare and pre-process large volumes of unrelated data for use in Data Lakes that implement MongoDB, Elastic Search and open source analysis tools.



What you’ll experience working at UL:



.

Options

Apply for this job onlineApply
Share
Email this job to a friendRefer

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed


Connect With Us!

Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.

EEO is the Law
E-Verify Poster (English)
Right to Work Poster (English)

UL is committed to hiring and retaining a qualified diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

If you experience technical difficulties during the application process, please click here

Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
