The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to support the US Department of Treasury. You'll work closely with your customer to understand their financial intelligence needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You'll write scripts to integrate and parse data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends, apply statistical tests to validate hypotheses, and use the right combination of tools to turn disparate data points into objective answers to help senior managers make informed decisions. You'll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science to support national security and safeguard the financial system. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we're dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world's premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You'll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We'll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -5+ years of experience with leading the development of advanced analytic capabilities for government or financial clients -3+ years of experience with working on technical transformations -3+ years of experience in working with clients to integrate tools into complex systems -Experience with Agile processes and procedures and graph analytics and using software, including iGraphx and NetworkX and common algorithms for community detection and node embeddings -Experience with modeling tabular, unstructured, and semi-structured data as a graph and graph databases, including Neo4j, and query management -Experience with natural language processing (NLP) to perform tasks, including entity extraction and common machine learning algorithms and problem domains, including feature engineering, hyperparameter tuning, and performance optimization -Experience with SQL for advanced querying and joining of heterogeneous data sets -Knowledge of statistics, including common pitfalls in modeling and data analysis, sampling and data augmentation techniques, and the mechanics of common ML algorithms and loss functions -Active Top Secret clearance -HS diploma or GED Nice If You Have: -Experience with existing US Department of Treasury and DoD analytic tools -Experience with SAS or other commercial analytic tools -Knowledge of commercial Cloud services used by the IC -MA or MS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, CS, Data Analytics, or a related technical field
