We are looking for Principal Data Scientist to lead the construction of our solution design data science ecosystem. We execute 18 million shipments a year by connecting a diverse carrier and customer marketplace through our industry leading technology and matching ecosystem. Personalization matters and our solution design experts are world class at understanding, developing, and delivering customer/carrier supply chain products tailored to unique needs and goals. As these custom solutions evolve to machine-learning/AI based insights, our success in the marketplace depends upon our ability to leverage data-science native dashboarding technologies (i.e. R-shiny & Dash) in the big data/machine learning open source ecosystem. We need a passionate leader that will take a collaborative approach to connecting/coaching various dashboarding teams to utilize the data science source code and microservices to full impact via empowering rapid prototyping/deployment of advanced model-based insights. This role will focus on designing modules that connect our modeling ecosystem and data elements into extensible dashboarding components brought to market by a team of solution designers. The successful candidate will have deep knowledge in analytics dashboarding design as it relates to the R/Python ecosystem and the ability to create custom modules that mix/match the array of microservices, application marts, and streaming data sources produced by the data science ecosystem. These modules will also include front-end visualization components that require deep statistical thinking regarding model presentation and partial effects interpretation. Having a solid foundation in explanatory modeling is a key attribute in a successful candidate's background. The ideal candidate will be adept at hands-on data exploration, strong communicator with business/technology partners, have a deep understanding of the application development cycle and what it takes to get products to market, and is comfortable pushing organizational boundaries to achieve impact as we re-invent our value proposition. This leader will also be responsible for the technical mentoring and training of our scientists in this domain. As such, we require a strong mathematical/programming background for this is a senior technology leadership position in the data science organization. Responsibilities: Create program objectives and attain buy in from senior leadership. Manage through obstacles to achieve objectives. Be "the expert" in explanatory modeling and surfacing that functionality in dashboarding modules Write extensible code that can be applied by analysts with "lite" software skills Be the voice of expertise in algorithm design and architecture. Be a pillar of data science knowledge and know-how. Own the algorithm development lifecycle and drive a philosophy/culture of continual improvement Train and mentor our younger scientists to ensure optimal career pathing and technical skill development. Evaluate and understand current & nascent dashboarding advances in the science/analytics space Embrace an R&D mindset through Rapid Prototyping & Iterative Experimentation Qualifications: Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related quantitative discipline Minimum 5 years' experience in the field of data science or related discipline Deep Experience Dashboarding using statistical software and frameworks Experience in programming & modeling: R and Python Familiarity with data fundamentals including SQL, Hadoop, & Streaming Preferred Qualifications: Masters or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related quantitative discipline, or equivalent work experience Expertise in additional programming languages: Java or Scala especially Proficiency with Linux Operating Systems & Containerization Experience with full application development across a range of stacks in R, Java, Scala, Python. Proven ability to work with a high degree of autonomy and out-of-the-box thinking Benefits We are proud to offer a top-tier benefits package, including medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid parental leave, paid holidays and paid time off (PTO), 401K with company match, employee stock purchase plan, as well as a broad range of career development opportunities.
