Introduction

IBM's Data Science and AI Technology is a core part of our company's strategy. IBM Data Science and AI is trailblazing new technology platform and services, business models, and data scientist/developer outreach activities with the creation of the IBM Garage.The IBM Garage is an “Innovation and Transformation” consultancy located in the heart of the start-up community. Our design first organization applies IBM DesignThinking and Lean User Experience (UX) techniques to help our clients, large and small, deliver amazing experiences to their customers by helping them identify and build innovative applications using IBM Data Science and AI. Our fast paced, collaborative,and co-located teams make the IBM Garage the most exciting place to be.Our clients who choose IBM Data Science and AI are looking for insights in their data and applying those insights to business problems. The notion of the IBM Garage was born out of the changes on how we work with our customers. We are bringing clients into the IBM Garage; where we are using our Garage Method to lead to a Minimal Viable Product (MVP) definition for the approach we use to define the hypotheses to validate the business requirements

Your Role and Responsibilities

Your Role & Responsibilities:

As part of an entrepreneurial team, you will be the Subject Matter Expert on Data and AI Statistical models and how they apply to business problems. Led by a solution architect, you will advise on and help implement models in Machine Learning, Optimization, Neural Networks, and Artificial Intelligence such as Natural Language, Transfer Learning, Deep Learning and other quantitative approaches. You will also leverage deep skills and best practices to provide expertise and leadership to help design IBM Data Science and AI solutions that will help our clients drive technology benefits and business outcomes across industries. You will work with cutting edge technologies such as Watson, as well as Open Source approaches such as Python and Jupyter notebooks as well as with a passionate team of people who are driving the innovation and digital transformation to cross-industry enterprise clients with the adoption of IBM Data Science and AI. An ideal candidate will be familiar with Design Thinking, Statistics, building Supervised and Unsupervised machine learning models, and data cleansing techniques using various utilities and programming techniques.

Key Responsibilities:

Run and statistically evaluate statistical models such as Machine Learning, Optimization, Neural Networks and Artificial Intelligence

Partner with Scrum Masters, Product Owners, Solution architects and peer data scientist and development data engineers to create solutions to meet business and technical opportunities

Understand and communicate technical advantages and tradeoffs between Data Models

Explore and develop new technical skills and industry practices while absorbing professional knowledge quickly and using demonstrated interpersonal skills to be an effective ambassador for IBM Data Science and AI

Use exceptional communication skills and with input from product management, development, and architecture thought leaders, work to deliver high quality end-to-end Solutions at Scale in response to the identified business requirements from our clients; ensure the results are statistically valid

cldpakat

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or another field relevant to Data Science

1+ years of experience working with Machine Learning, Optimization, Neural Networks and/or Artificial Intelligence

1+ years of experience with a Data Science programming language such as Python or R

Deep understanding of Statistics

Fluent in English

Ability to Travel 75% and conduct Client Facing/Technical Solutions

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

Experience with Jupyter Notebooks

Deep understanding of Statistical Machine Learning Models with Python or R

Supporting Relevant business domain knowledge such as Finance or Health Care

About Business Unit

Digitization is accelerating the ongoing evolution of business, and Data Science and AIs - public, private, and hybrid - enable companies to extend their existing infrastructure and integrate across systems. IBM Data Science and AI provides the security, control, and visibility that our clients have come to expect. We are working to provide the right tools and environment to combine all of our client’s data, no matter where it resides, to respond to changing market dynamics.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
