WANTED: An experienced 
Data Scientist  with demonstrated experience in 
DoD acquisition programs.    
As a 
Data Scientist  you will:    
Apply your knowledge to support specific technical tasks for the Navy.  	
Work with a team of driven, supportive and highly skilled professionals.  	
Receive a robust benefits package that includes Employee Stock Ownership Plan!  	
Enjoy flexibility managing your work hours and personal needs with a single accrual leave plan.   
A week in the life of a 
Data Scientist:     
Support data analysis for the scientific and statistical validity of performance measures, inferences, conclusions, solutions, and tactics developed in live and simulator environments.  	
Assign valid and sound confidence levels to measures and provide quantitative confidence to conclusions.  	
Assist Government in formulation procurement decisions, conduct comparative analysis, data evaluation, and conduct analytical test on data gathered from simulation and live aircraft.  	
Influence system scenario, and event designs for scientific rigor and statistical validity.   
Founded in 1975, AMERICAN SYSTEMS is one of the largest employee-owned companies in the United States. We are a government services contractor focused on delivering Strategic Solutions to complex national priority programs with 100+ locations worldwide. Our employee-owners are encouraged to make a difference, implement new ideas in a collaborative environment, and focus on mission critical success. Through our focus on quality, strong cultural beliefs and innovation we deliver excellence every day. Join us!   
AWARDED 
BEST OF THE BEST  by U.S. Veterans Magazine and 
TOP 10 MILITARY FRIENDLY COMPANY  by MilitaryFriendly.com   
#CJPOST   
#CB   


 REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:     
Masters Degree in Electrical/Electronic/Mechanical Engineering, Physics, Biology, or Mathematics.  	
Experience in a field requiring mastery of applied statistics or stochastic processes.  	
Mastery of statistical inference or stochastic processes as demonstrated by authorship of relevant technical reports, theses, or briefings.   
 ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS:     
DoD TS Clearance  	
Current SSBI or T5R within the last 6 years  	
Eligibility for SCI    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Fallon, NV 89496 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Aerospace and Defense 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Master's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         17407
