Description  The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.  

Responsibilities  
The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial. 
Responsibilities 
The Analytics Platform as a Service (APaaS) Senior Data Science has a strong intuitive grasp of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) as well as core product skills (strategy, roadmaps, prioritization, etc.). The Senior DS pushes forward the strategic development of applications for machine learning and do what it takes to make them successful. The Senior DS executes the necessary AI/ML-driven initiatives necessary to deliver a complete solution to a stated business problem. 

Drives key initiatives &amp; deliverables especially in Data Science application development &amp; deployment in cloud-based environments.
Act as an external facing business translator whose combined expertise in technology and AI enable the development of custom APaaS solutions
Partners with project and product managers to assemble a cross-functional team of data experts, data scientists, and technology experts to design and deliver an APaS solution to meet a business need
Partners with project and product managers to monitor the business impacts of APaaS advanced analytics deliverables, implementing changes as/when appropriate, to continuously improve reliability and efficiency  
 

Required Qualifications :
 
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field (Statistics, Business Analytics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering, Data Science)and 5+ years experience or Masters degree in a similar program and 3+ years experience 
Ability to build collaborative relationships with stakeholders and diverse, cross-functional teams/organizations to develop appropriate requirements, scope and delivery timeframes, driving on-time execution 
3+ years technical experience 
Working knowledge and experience in statistical analysis packages like Python and R, creating and translating models 
3+ years knowledge of Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning 
Strong analytical thinker with the ability to deliver high-quality work in a structured, disciplined and time-conscious manner 
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills 
Ability to operate in both strategic and tactical environments, accommodating for global-level needs 
 
 

Preferred Qualifications :
 
Master degree in a quantitative field (Statistics, Business Analytics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering, Data Science) 
Data Robot experience 
Azure (ML and AI) experience 
Experience analyzing, designing and implementing large scale business and performance management solutions 
Ability to leverage technology (e.g. SQL) to extract and manipulate data
   
Additional Information:
This role will be located in Louisville, Ky. Waterside Building. Alternative work arrangements (telecommute, WAH, etc) could be considered for the right candidate.  
Scheduled Weekly Hours  40

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02298 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         8680_221136
