Microsoft’s Gaming Marketing team is revolutionizing gaming. With a rich set of existing products and services like Xbox, Xbox Game Pass, Halo, Minecraft and Mixer, our gaming business is a one of the most exciting places to work in technology. We are fortunate to work on products that are loved by passionate customers, anchored by tier one marketing experiences. Our mission at Team Xbox is to inspire and engage every gamer on the planet with interactive and imaginative experiences. Our vision is to empower gamers to play the games they want, with the people they want, on the devices they want.

We are passionate about our mission, our vision and delighting Xbox fans worldwide. We are looking for people who believe in our mission and who will strengthen our culture. People with exceptional skill and capabilities; and those with new perspectives that will strengthen our team.

Are you passionate about working with Big Data to solve business problems that directly impact our customers & our revenue? Are you excited about gaining new insights & intelligence, and answering critical questions based on data?

Welcome to the Data Science team in Microsoft working on supporting Microsoft gaming business. XBOX is one of the most exciting products in the world. With over 60M active users playing games, streaming games, listening to music, watching videos and interacting with friends, XBOX and XBOX Live are some of the most exciting areas to work for a data scientist. Every day 100s of terabytes of data are generated, making it an exciting Big Data problem.

Responsibilities

We are looking for exceptional Data Scientists to:

Dive deep into petabytes of data using advanced data mining and machine learning techniques to find key insights that impact the business

Develop advanced machine learning models on user behavior & business performance. Build key predictive, regression, causal, time-series, optimization & customer segmentation models.

Build deep insights to make significant impact on variety of marketing campaigns, product features and XBOX Live membership acquisition & retention.

Work with Xbox business, strategy and engineering partners to formulate their business and product decisions as data science problems.

Surface actionable recommendations. Focus will be on final customer & business impact

Qualifications

Minimum:

2+ years of strong hands on skills in SQL, R, Python to implement statistical models, machine learning, and analysis (Prediction, Classification, Clustering, time series forecasting, regression models etc).

2+ years of demonstrated history of innovative thinking and problem solving skills in Big Data problems.

2+ years experience on large scale computing systems like Hadoop, Mapreduce and/or similar systems is a big plus.

Exposure and experience to controlled experiment (A/B tests) is big plus.

Show good business acumen and strong passion for & understand the need to deliver right business impact by unearthing deep insights from data.

Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data.

Experience on large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, Mapreduce and/or similar systems is a big plus.

Excellent communications & interpersonal skills. Ability to convince other strong personalities of their ideas and communicate complicated analysis & insights to non-technical audience.

A PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Economics or related discipline is preferable, but a candidate with MS combined with strong research background in problems relating to Big Data is also acceptable.

#GMKTG

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
