Organization: Accenture Federal Services 
Location:  Arlington, VA 
rganization: Accenture Federal Services 
Location: Arlington, VA 
We are:  
Accenture Federal Services, bringing together commercial innovation with the latest technology to help our government clients reach their full potential. As a U.S. based subsidiary of Accenture, we bring 360-degree customer views by going beyond just capturing and curating data. We decode information that helps our clients embrace intelligent technologies confidently. Powered by new data, data science and technology, we drive digital transformation at the core of their business and enable new outcomes.  
  
You are:  
The data and statistics expert. Your entrepreneurial attitude helps you lead a team to achieve breakthrough results in this new age of intelligence.You are confident working on design algorithms and large-scale statistical models. You want to help federal agencies transform data from dark to dynamic.  
The work:   

Oversee teams of data scientists, engineers, and visualization specialists   

Keep up with trends in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning    

Communicate with senior management within Accenture on matters where they need to gain acceptance on an alternate approach   

Act independently to determine methods and procedures on new assignments   

Manage medium sized teams responsible for AI/ML capabilities    

Develop understanding of the clients requirements related to AI/ML technologies, apply industry best practices, design an optimal solution that supports the business process and meets or exceeds requirements   

Build a trusting relationship with project stakeholders, lead them to adoption of the best AI/ML solution   

Lead the technical design and analysis phases of federal AI/ML projects    
Here's what you need:  

Bachelors degree in a mathematics, statistics, computer science or other science / engineering discipline  

Must possess a strong background in statistics, data science, and cyber physical and information systems to include leadership roles on projects related to cyber network operations (CNO), offensive (OCO), or defensive cyber operations (DCO)  

Must demonstrate experience with, and an understanding of cybersecurity, networking traffic analysis, intrusion detection, offensive security, big data analysis, and predictive analytics  

Experience with big data, AWS Cloud, Python, Ruby, Kafka, Elastic Search, Kibana, C/C++, open source machine learning and analytics packages  

8 years of technology leadership experience with 1-2 years of experience in statistical analysis or machine learning   
Bonus points if:   

You have a Masters degree in data science, applied mathematics or computer science  

You have current or prior military experience   
Important information 
This role requires US Citizenship with no dual US Citizenship accepted.  
An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). 
Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. 
Equal Employment Opportunity  
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Arlington, VA 22201 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_0fc76703455b0d52305761e487ce11c1
