Keurig Dr Pepper is building a sophisticated Data Science Team responsible for enhancing and optimizing marketing efforts. This is a hands-on team that is building actively building up data resources and connecting the dots to help Keurig Dr Pepper be a disruptive force in the beverage landscape. As a Data Scientist II, you will analyze transactional, panel, and POS summary data to generate deep insights; utilize statistical learning techniques to glean patterns and opportunities in the shopper and consumer landscape; create targeted audiences for use in programmatic digital media; and use various modeling techniques to make predictions about shopper behavior. This position will work cross-functionally with partners from brand marketing, device marketing, shopper marketing, media, and ecommerce to make a meaningful impact on our business. You will be responsible for mentoring junior scientists and acting as a Data Science Evangelist throughout organization.What You will Do:Analytics – Perform analytical tasks that include data gathering, analysis, visualization, and data-driven story-telling as a basis of project justification and innovation. It is imperative that sound data analytics is at the core of all Data Science projects and recommendations. Define metrics for success and performance tracking. Data Engineering – The component of data engineering required for this position is equivalent to “clean data wrangling.” Each scientist on the team must be able to create and validate modeling/analytical datasets in a manner that is efficient and repeatable. Statistical/Machine Learning - Perform statistical/machine learning projects as necessary for given business needs. Feature Engineering and Target Variable definition will be part of these projects. These projects may consist of – large scale/rapid hypothesis testing, classification, prediction, and recommender systems. The outputs of S/ML projects will be used as the basis for media buys, marketing programs, and brand strategies.Communication – Prepare presentations and reports communicating project results. Must be able to communicate findings, methods, and recommendations to a non-technical audience on a regular basis.Project Management – Implements strategic analyses with the know-how to balance getting the details right, while still moving at the speed of business. Communicates progress and roadblocks to manager and stakeholders appropriately.Implementation/Integration – Translates and breaks apart day-to-day business challenges into manageable segments for data science application.Domain Expertise – Must be able to gain a deep understanding of the general CPG/beverage business and how our particular company operates in the space. Requirements What you must have:MS/PhD. Data Science, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related applied quantitative field (Bachelor’s in a highly quantitative/STEM field considered with the right experience)2-5 years hands-on industry (non-academic) experience in Data Science (or equivalent quantitative job title)Experience with regularized regression, random forest, boosting methods, and several other statistical/machine learning methodsExperience ingesting and manipulating large volumes of data (both tall and wide)Experience with multiple analytical toolsets and evidence of tool agility Company Overview & EEO Statement Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP) is a leading coffee and beverage company in North America with dual headquarters in Burlington, MA and Plano, TX, with annual revenue in excess of $11 billion. KDP holds leadership positions in soft drinks, specialty coffee and tea, water, juice and juice drinks and mixers, and markets the #1 single serve coffee brewing system in the U.S. The Company maintains an unrivaled distribution system that enables its portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands to be available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig®, Dr Pepper®, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters®, Canada Dry®, Snapple®, Bai®, Mott’s® and The Original Donut Shop®. The Company employs more than 25,000 employees and operates more than 120 offices, manufacturing plants, warehouses and distribution centers across North America.Benefits built for you: Our people are the heart of our business, which is why we offer robust benefits to support your health and wellness as well as your personal and financial well-being. We also provide employee programs designed to enhance your professional growth and development while ensuring you feel valued, inspired and appreciated at work.Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmatively seeks diversity in its workforce. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. recruits qualified applicants and advances in employment its employees without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, ethnic or national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/DisabledCandidates must be able to pass a background check and drug test, as applicable for the role.
