Description    ProKarma   currently has exciting opportunities for  Data Scient  ists   that would like to join our team as a   full-time employees  . 

 Responsibilities     Interviewing key project stakeholders, documenting findings and making detailed recommendations, assess and frame the business problem, success criteria, and risks    Acquire and blend disparate data sources, which could be any format of internal structured, unstructured, external, or high volume    Exploratory data analysis, building visualization, dashboards and reports    Guide clients through processes to identify meaningful predictors and then engineer representative features into the data set    Understand best practices on core set predictive use cases &amp; familiar with model libraries    
 Qualifications     2+ years’ experience conducting quantitative analysis    BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or a related quantitative discipline preferred    Experience working with SQL, R, Python    Knowledge of statistics and experimental design    Strong analytical and problem-solving skills    Excellent written and verbal communication skills    
    Desired Qualifications     Advanced degrees    Experience working with distributed computing (Hadoop/Hive/Spark)    Experience with AWS, Azure or GCP    2+ years project experience in a professional setting             Benefits     Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision Program    Paid Time Off    Referral Bonus Program    401 K Investment Opportunities    Relocation Packages    Life Insurance,   Short- and Long-Term   Disability          About us       ProKarma   is an IT solutions company. We help businesses re-engineer themselves through powerful digital platforms, customer engagement and emerging technologies. By accelerating business activities, enhancing every experience and creating competitive advantages, we fuel our clients' growth and efficiency.       ProKarma   builds better, bolder products and services by applying the right mix of people, process and technology. We are experts in planning, engineering and optimizing digital products and platforms that help companies disrupt and dominate their industries. Our teams have been tapped by some of the world's most admired companies to build solutions no one else can.       Founded in 2004,   ProKarma   has over 2,800 employees in the U.S., India and Argentina. Visit us at ProKarma.com.              
 ~ In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at   ProKarma   are based exclusively on merit.    ProKarma   does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices   on the basis of   race, color, religion, sex, including gender identity and identity expression, national origin, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.   
      

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Bellevue, WA 98006 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
