What you’ll be doing...

The Engineering Program Management Office has an immediate opening for Senior Data Modeler/Analyst, who can provide business solutions by analyzing varying, large data sets. You will help in Data analysis, data interpretations, and turn data into meaningful information, which gives insight into business.

Responsibilities:

Collaborating with your various LOBs (Line of Business) to understand business needs and market strategies staying up to date on all the product initiatives and plans.

Performing ETL and integrating multiple data sources and software tools with business line specific decision support and data analysis.

Developing and implementing R/SPSS based predictive models that will balance the needs of the various LOBs.

Interpreting data, analyze results using statistical techniques.

Working with management to prioritize business and information needs.

Locating and defining new process improvement opportunities.

Willingness to work in an interdisciplinary field, together with computer scientists, business SMEs, and engineers, and will require excellent interpersonal and communication skills.

What we’re looking for...

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Even better if you have:

A Degree.

MS in Statistics, Data Science, Data Analytics or double major Bachelor’s degree in marketing and data science.

Experience in management of data in SQL and/or NoSQL databases (Postgres, Oracle, Teradata, Hadoop, Casandra, MongoDB).

Experience using Python in automation of analytics tasks.

Six or more years of experience in R/SPSS model building.

Independent contributor that is keen to learn and be challenged.

Team player that will work with a team of inter-disciplinary experts.

Experiencewith GIS and spatial databases (e.g., Postgres / PostGIS, Oracle/ESRI side) and tools (ArcMap, QGIS.etc).

Good interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to convey complex information to management.

Ability to adapt to quickly changing business environment and requests, that come in related to management requests.

Comfort working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

Experience with analytical and problem solving technical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with accuracy and developing algorithms.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
