The future is what you make it. 

When you join Honeywell, you becomea member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers whomake the things that make the future. 

 That means changing the way we fly,fueling jets in an eco-friendly way, keeping buildings smart and safe and evenmaking it possible to breathe on Mars. 

 Working at Honeywell isn't justabout developing cool things. That's why all of our employees enjoy access todynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries. 

 Are you ready to help us make thefuture? 

Are you a leader in the data science community who is looking to lead the application of data science techniques to new, innovative product and service offerings?

 Honeywell International is a $40 billion diversified Fortune 100 leader with more than 130,000 employees in 100 countries around the world. We invent and manufacture technologies that address some of the world's toughest challenges linked to global macro trends like energy efficiency, clean energy generation, safety and security, globalization, and customer productivity. We are building a world that's safer and more secure, more comfortable and energy efficient, more innovative and productive. 

 Honeywell Aerospace has approximately 40,000 employees around the world and 2015 revenue of $15 billion. Thousands of Honeywell Aerospace technologies, products and services are found on virtually every commercial, defense and space aircraft worldwide. 
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Morris Plains, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         63408
