Chief Data Scientist 
 If you are a Chief Data Scientist with experience, please read on! We are seeking a Chief Data Scientist/Analytics Officer to further develop our analytics strategies, mentor a team of data scientists and contribute to the bottom line, taking advantage a robust data environment.     What You Will Be Doing 
 As the chief data scientist you will have strong business management skills to complement a deep understanding of both statistical and machine learning technologies.

You can effectively communicate with both quantitative and qualitative arms of the business in order to understand business requirements and design innovative implementations of both statistical &amp; machine learning methods.

You can focus on the bottom line and work efficiently from a business strategy perspective. You have experience owning your own projects, while managing multiple projects in parallel by working closely with a team of data scientists.

You have experience developing strategic partnerships and managing relationships with third party consultants, data vendors, software providers in order to facilitate constant innovation and improvement.   What You Need for this Position 
 More Than 5 Years of experience and knowledge DIRECTLY IN CONSUMER FINANCE AND LENDING Industry :

Strong understanding of data mining and predictive modeling, and how to apply machine learning methods, such as, reinforcement learning, ensemble learning, deep learning, unsupervised clustering, GBDT, natural language processing to company data to make actionable, and explainable business decisions

Experience working with unstructured data, managing efficient data pipelines, and working with big data (cloud computing)

Experience designing experiments and testing hypotheses in real time business situations/environments - must bring curiosity to any industry you are in


Masters degree or PhD in statistics, machine learning, or other quantitative field and/or MBA with strong focus in quantitative field    
 So, if you are a Chief Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!   - 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 

                        All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.                     


Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             East Hanover, NJ 07936 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         SM1-153789312
