Job Description

**Due to a high volume of inquiries and multiple hiring managers for these roles, please do not contact the hiring manager listed. Any inquiries sent to the hiring manager listed will not receive a response**

Locations

Concord, CA

Wilmington, DE

(if you prefer Charlotte NC, Phoenix Arizona or San Francisco CA please apply to job posting ID # 5511726)

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Corporate Risk helps all Wells Fargo businesses identify and manage risk. We help our management and Board of Directors identify and monitor risks that may affect multiple lines of business, and take appropriate action when business activities exceed the risk tolerance of the company.

The Credit Risk Associate Program is a unique 12 month program followed by an opportunity to transition into a designated line of business. As a Credit Risk Associate, you will work as a full time team member and gain comprehensive professional and industry experience. In addition to performing the responsibilities outlined below, Associates will participate in a Wells Fargo orientation, product based training, team-building activities and individual coaching and mentoring.

Responsibilities:

Perform analysis that maximizes profits and/or asset growth, and minimizes credit and/or operating lossesand other risk exposures.-Provide analytical support on credit, operating losses and other product strategies to ensure companygoals are met.-Segment and monitor various credit, deposit and other product groups, vintages, concentration limits, etc.and make recommendations to management based on those trends.-Produce performance monitoring and benchmarks regarding growth, mix, delinquency, losses andoverall profitability and performance.-Review and analyze trends in current population distributions and recommend strategies.-Effectively communicate with Senior Leaders the impact that strategies will have on the company

The successful applicant will demonstrate the following competencies: -Solves problems and analyzes issues.-Dependable and takes initiative.-Communication.-Collaboration and teamwork.-Uses programming software to extract data and/or manipulate databases to provide statistical and financial modeling

#WayUp

Required Qualifications

A master's degree or higher in a quantitative field such as statistics, economics, operations research, mathematics, engineering, or business

Other Desired Qualifications

Experience building partnerships and consulting effectively with leadership.

Analytical mindset, ability to draw business solutions from pulling and analyzing data.

Experience utilizing software tools to support analytic methods.

Ability to prepare written documentation, clearly defining proposals with supporting justification.

Strong attention to detail to ensure all communications are accurate and well-written.

Excellent written and verbal, communication. Strong interpersonal skills.

• Ability to work independently but also collaborate with internal partners in credit risk management and other applicable areas. • Strong organizational skills and demonstrated ability to prioritize multiple projects simultaneously.

Exceptional vision and strategic orientation, and ability to influence a wide audience.

Knowledge and/or experience manipulating and analyzing large complex datasets with a programming language such as SAS, SQL, R, Matlab, Python, Stata, etc.

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.

Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.

CORPORATE RISK
