We are looking for an extraordinary  Data Scientist  to join the band and build core analytics to support our Music organization. The Music organization is responsible for editorial music recommendations, programming of music content on the Spotify app, relationships with the music industry, artist marketing, and live events.  
 Spotify’s mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity—by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by it. You will help us achieve this mission, and above all, you will be at the nexus of data science and business at one of the most innovative companies in the world.   
What you’ll do     Support leadership with research on key business initiatives and challenges.    Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will drive decisions, with a particular focus on editorial curation and Spotify’s key music brands.    Engineer novel data sets and features that shed new light on the dynamics of music listening.    Define success measures and build tools that predict and track performance of strategic projects.    Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to non-technical audiences, through clear visualisations and presentations.     
Who you are     You are a natural communicator, who focuses just as much on the delivery and the “so what” of your insights, as you do on the technical craft of extracting them.     You are comfortable building and maintaining relationships with senior management, as well as team members around the world.    You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems, and comfortable leading and owning a research agenda for long term analytics projects.    You are passionate about music and popular culture in general. Previous experience in music, media, entertainment, or tech industries is a plus.    

What you bring     Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or another quantitative field; advanced degree is desirable.    2+ years (5+ years for senior role) of relevant experience analyzing complex data with SQL, Python, and/or R.    Modeling and statistical knowledge is a strong preference. Feature engineering for machine learning models is a real plus.    Experience with visualisations and dashboarding (e.g., Tableau or similar BI software) is a strong preference.    Experience creating and scheduling datasets is highly valued. Knowledge of Google BigQuery and Java/Scala is a plus.   

 We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply, and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         osbJafwg
