Job Description


Avlino Inc. is seeking experienced data scientists to join our growing team
of AI engineers, analysts, and quantitative developers. The role involves
model construction, information extraction, prediction and finding solutions
to large-scale problems for mission critical applications using large
derived from a broad spectrum of domains for industry specific sectors. The
ideal candidate will have comprehensive expertise in machine learning,
time-series analysis modeling, statistical data analysis, and deep neural
networks. Experience with dynamic programming and reinforcement learning is
a plus.

Demonstrate your experience in creating real-world artificial intelligence
applications using pulsing customer data sets!

This is a great opportunity for an experienced Data Scientist with 4+ years
of relevant experience to work in a fast-paced environment where they can
share their passion for numbers and AI.

Responsibilities
Develop, implement, and use a broad set of machine-learning models and
quantitative techniques for prediction and classification for mission
critical applications.
To find problems in industrial and service sector applications.
Strong background in numerical techniques, optimization, and gradient
methods.
Development of new machine learning algorithms and/or substantial
modification of pre-existing techniques.
Analysis of high-volume, noisy, heterogeneous real-time data.
Collaborate with business analysts to transform customer needs into
actionable insights.
Design custom end user reports that are easy to read and interpret for
multiple business unit audiences.
Architect the next generation analytical platform.
Capable of de novo implementation of mathematical models, or to avail
widely used open source programming platforms and libraries (Scala, R,
python, TensorFlow).

Requirements
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience in machine learning, statistical
modeling, data mining, time-series forecasting, and neural networks.
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience working with big data technologies
distributed computing such as Hadoop/Spark, Map/Reduce, TensorFlow.
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience in multiple programming languages –
C#/.NET, C++, C, Scala, Python, R, Java.
Experience in developing or implementing enterprise class Data Analytics
and BI solutions.
Extremely analytical and able to solve problems independently.
Assesses customer requirements and translate them to appropriate
deliverables.
MUST: Have an analytical mind, and on point with detailed specifics.
MUST: Education: MS/Ph.D. (Preferred) in Computer Science, Physics, or a
related discipline.
PLUS: Experience in the logistics or transportation industry.
