ABOUT COX AUTOMOTIVE

Cox Automotive’s 30,000+ team members are transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars. We’ve built the strongest portfolio in the industry with more than 25 brands, providing industry-leading digital marketing, software, financial, wholesale and e-commerce solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem. Our brands include familiar names and industry leaders such as Autotrader®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, Dealer.com® and Dealertrack®. With these top automotive properties, Cox Automotive has the best and most comprehensive vehicle data assets in the industry.

JOB DESCRIPTION

The Lead Data Scientist plays a pivotal role in a highly visible business unit within the organization. Cox Automotive is leveraging machine learning and its vast data assets to personalize Cox Automotive products to customers. The lead data scientist will join a cross functional team developing machine learning solutions for the Cox Automotive ecosystem of applications. Collaborating with data engineers and subject matter experts, the lead data scientist will deliver results which support directional action by business teams across the Market Intelligence, Finance, Sales, Operations, Product, and Technology functions. They will partner with other data scientists to establish best practices and thought leadership for a machine learning platform to serve all of Cox Automotive.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop a thorough understanding of business problems through interviewing stakeholders and subject matter experts

Derive what is critical and what is extraneous to solving the business problem. Understand the data requirements for formulating the solution

Research new data sets and determine their quality and feasibility

Manipulate data to support various statistical techniques

Build machine learning models appropriate for each business problem

Collaborate with data engineers to ensure solutions are successfully operationalized

Effective story telling with data. Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers

CRITICAL COMPETENCIES

Passionate about machine learning. A thought leader who researches latest tools, techniques, and trends and looks for innovative approaches

Always learning – about data science, industry, market, business, etc.

Critical thinking skills. Ability to assess a situation from multiple points of view

High personal and professional standards; unassailable integrity and ethics

High-energy and self-starter personality.

Strong structured coding skills.

Team Oriented- able to train, develop, and mentor other data scientists.

Qualifications:

Masters or PhD in computer science, analytics or other relevant line of study required

At least 10+ years’ experience performing advanced quantitative analyses

Experience with data visualization tools

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Kmeans, NLP, Naive Bayes, SVM, etc. Experience with recommendation engines.

Applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Experience with common data science toolkits in R and Python

Experience working in with AWS environments

Experience with relational databases and proficiency in query languages such as SQL

About Cox Automotive

Cox Automotive Inc. makes buying, selling and owning cars easier for everyone, while also enabling mobility services. The global company’s 34,000-plus team members and family of brands, including Autotrader®, Clutch Technologies, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, VinSolutions®, vAuto® and Xtime®, are passionate about helping millions of car shoppers, tens of thousands of auto dealer clients across five continents and many others throughout the automotive industry thrive for generations to come. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises Inc., a privately-owned, Atlanta-based company with revenues exceeding $20 billion. www.coxautoinc.com

Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
