Data Scientist
Location: Hill AFB, UT
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

Tecolote Research is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Aviation & Missiles Programs Group in Hill AFB, UT. Ideal applicant must have a minimum of 5 years of experience and should be proficient in the use of Power BI, Tableau, Python, MATLAB, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. Applicant should also have working knowledge of MS Access, LMS, SAS, data visualization tools, and have a strong algorithmic aptitude.

Other skills and experience:
Excellent verbal communication, written, and quantitative analytical skills.
Ability to work in a team environment.
Experience working SQL, Python, R, and various data visualization tools is a plus.
Security Clearance:
Active Clearance is preferred. Must possess and/or have the ability to obtain a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required.
Responsibilities: The applicant will be responsible for formulating analytical solutions to complex data problems; creating data analytic models to improve data metrics; analyzing customer behavior and trends; delivering insights to stakeholders, as well as designing and crafting reports, dashboards, models, and algorithms to make data insights actionable; selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques; data mining using state-of-the-art methods, extending organization’s data with third party sources of information when needed; enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems; processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis; doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner; and creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance.
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.
