Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS) is seeking a business development Data Scientist to support new business pursuits, strategy development, and other capture-planning activities in the fast-growing Space ISR (SISR) Division.   The selected candidate will join the sector Analytics and Integration team under Operations, and will directly support the Remote Sensing Programs Business Unit (RSP BU) as a critical member.      As a Data Scientist, the selected candidate will participate in activities essential to the  identification, qualification, shaping and capture of new business opportunities for the products, capabilities, and customers within RSP BU. This may include, but is not limited to, analyzing competitor data, modeling strategies for optimized outcomes, providing descriptive analytics on competitive landscape, and more  .     We are looking for a highly motivated and energetic team member to support the pursuit and capture of new business opportunities.   The selected candidate should be an open communicator/collaborator across all levels of the organization, dedicated to the success of the team and business area.  
  
 Responsibilities of the role may include:  
    
 Leverage tools, such as Tableau, and programming to create higher level information, including patterns and anomalies, from data sources in support of capture efforts    
 Understanding and experience in specifying, collecting, processing and presenting information from potentially several disparate data sets, utilizing data science best practices     
 Confident communicating actionable insights found within data sources, and generating supporting powerpoints and dashboards    
 Understand and communicate where the use of data analysis can be leveraged to better support the capture teams    
 Collaborate with Competitive Assessment (CA) and Price To Win (PTW) specialists, consultants, and peers across the NG enterprise to enhance the company's probability of win    
  



Basic Qualifications: 

     

 Bachelor's Degree and   2   years of applicable work experience (0 years with a Master's or Doctorate degree) in data science, mathematics, engineering, or a related STEM field.   

 Ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph   

Interest in learning capture strategy development and business acquisition planning  

Experience with Tableau, Descriptive, Diagnostic, and Predictive Data Analytics and Obtaining Data Sets
  

 Must be able to travel 20%    

  Experience in the DoD or Intel industry      
 
 

Preferred Qualifications: 
Current TS or higher security clearance

     

   Experience in new business capture for DoD and/or Intel acquisitions     

Knowledge of capture strategy development and business acquisition planning   
 
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Linthicum, MD 21090 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19028915
