Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Kayle Bernal, will get back to you with more details!

   
  Based in New York, we are a cyber security firm Headquartered in Israel, with our North America hub in Lower Manhattan. We provide threat detection solutions to financial institutions and are searching for a Sr. Data Scientist to join our engineering team.  
   
  
   
  We have close to $100M in funding and have been around for 5+ years.   
   
  
   
  If you are a Sr. Data Scientist that has stable industry experience of 5+ years, we urge you to apply!   
   
          
  
  Requirements  
    Must have proven professional experience in data analytics for financial services with strong data mining and forensic skills       
   
    Experience working with customers. Advantage – financial customers     
 
    AML AND/OR Fraud Detection Experience      
   
    Must have Hands-on experience and knowledge of scripting languages: Python/PySpark       
   
    Hands-on experience using Big Data and statistical analysis tools such as Hadoop/Spark, SQL, and Matlab       
   
    Working experience with Linux OS (Redhat/Ubuntu).       
   
    Excellent communication skills (speaking, presenting...)
Core Competencies       
    
  
   
  DAY TO DAY:  
    
Conduct pilot for solutions
 
Understand customer challenges
 
Client facing role 
    Deliver successful deployment and Pilots      
   
    Manage and design the Customer-specific technical solution throughout the project life cycle.       
   
    Work on various data sources and apply sophisticated feature engineering capabilities       
   
    Bring and use business knowledge       
   
    Extract insights and actionable recommendations from large volumes of data and Investigate anomalies in Big Data       
   
    Build and manage technical relationships with customers and partners.       
   
    Provide product requirements input to Product Management team       
   
    Train the customers on the system – system usage and monitoring aspects.       
   
    Willingness to travel 25% abroad to customers as needed      
    

  
  Benefits  
COMPETITIVE PAY $$$ 
 
Benefits
 
401K
 
PTO
 
Career Growth
 
Travel   

  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10013 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Security and Surveillance; Computer/IT Services; Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000034155395
