Data Scientist  -  Fast-growing, Data Analytics SaaS Startup! 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Luke Swift, will get back to you with more details!

    Based
in San Francisco, we are a leading analytics company that measures the way
media influences people to visit places online, in real-time. We are working
with massive amounts of data...a few BILLION DATA POINTS A DAY!!!!
 

  We
are now looking for a Data Scientist to to help us enhance our next generation online analytics platform.  The right individual should have 3+ years of professional Data Scientist experience with strong data analysis and virtualization experience.  This individual should be well-versed or highly comfortable with Software Development utilizing Python and SQL.  This is a
great opportunity to get in on the ground floor as we continue to grow and work side by side with our CTO.
 

  
Reasons
to Work with Us 
    Huge Impact on our Company and Product 
   Massive Growth 
  Disrupt an Industry  
 
What You Need for this Position  
  
  3+ years of professional Data
     Science experience 
   Good Business Acumen and ability to
     identify new ways the business should be leveraging it’s data              
   Strong Data Analytics, Analysis,
     and/or Virtualization expertise 
   Comfortable working with
     unstructured data or large-data sets 
   Advanced Python programming
     expertise 
   Strong SQL programming and
     Relational database experience 
   Experience with Python data science
     packages like Scikit-Learn, Pandas, NumPy, and/or SciPy 
   Experienced with Unix and Linux 
   Bachelor's in Computer Science or
     similar degree 
  

Nice to Have Skills, but Not Required:     Familiarity with Machine Learning
     and/or Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) 
   Experience with NoSQL or Vertica
     database 
   Experience working in an Amazon Web
     Services (AWS) or cloud computing environment 
   Experience scripting with Bash  
   
What's
In It for You 
    A competitive base salary of $120,000 - $140,000, depending on experience 
   Early Equity 
   Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life) 
   Generous PTO Policy 
  Growth Opportunities    Several other perks! 
  

  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94105 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software; Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000034148170
