The JLL Digital Products team aims to bring successful technology-based products to market in a high-growth environment. The team’s mission is focused on accelerating technology adoption in commercial real estate by bringing creative, innovative and technical solutions to solve large, complex problems for our clients. What this job involves: Data Scientist is a member of the Digital Products team, contributing to the projects by selecting appropriate machine learning and data science technologies to solve business problems with the focus on Capital Markets.This position requires interaction with different stakeholders and you will be working in a fast-paced environment. You will have full ownership of the problems you will work on. As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for:Selecting the most appropriate ML technologies to solve the business problems of interest to JLLStaying on top of the state of the art in ML and DS techniquesInteracting with business owners at JLL to identify the problems of greatest value to JLLProductizing the DS research as appropriateParticipating in Industry and Academic conferences and workshops to stay on top of the latest enhancements in the field Sound like you? Before you apply it’s worth knowing what we are looking for2-3 years with hands-on industry experience designing and implementing ML algorithmsStrong in CS fundamentals of algorithms and data structuresStrong data bent, preferably with a background in StatisticsExperience with NLP a huge plusHands-on, with strong programming skillsTeam player, with very good communication skillsMS in CS/EE/Applied Sciences/Statistics (PhD preferred) What you can expect from us:We’re an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture. We succeed together—across the desk and around the globe. We believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your ambitions in career, recognition, well-being, benefits and pay. We’ll offer you a competitive salary and benefits package.With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. Apply today! #LI JLL Privacy NoticeJones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL’s recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely. For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement. For additional details please see our career site pages for each country. For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here. Jones Lang LaSalle (“JLL”) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process – you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jl..com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
