About Airtime We are Airtime, the world's first social platform that gives friends the power to experience content together in real-time. The only place where you can face-to-face video chat with your people while simultaneously interacting with content from across the web. Like many of us, we are tired of traditional social networking apps that aren't designed to allow us to sync up and be present together at the moment. Frankly, we are tired of mindlessly scrolling through feeds, leaving comments that go unanswered, and having to hack our way around actually staying in contact with those we care about most (e.g. Finstas). Instead, we believe that real-time interactions are more fulfilling as they allow us to connect with the people we care about in a more significant way. We are building the social platform for the generations to come and charting the course as a company that is bringing real-time human interactions to the forefront. Our company was founded by Sean Parker and is backed by Accel, Andreessen Horowitz, Founders Fund, Google Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, and a host of other incredible partners. We have a world-class team in Palo Alto and Brooklyn who craft the amazing real-time technology and experience that Airtime is built on. We're well-funded, running at full sprint, and always looking for extraordinary people who want to help us build a new way to use the Internet—together. Airtime Product We are a user-centered product team passionate about disrupting the status-quo in the current Social space. We believe that today's social networks are inherently anti-social and provide an unfulfilling, lonely and disconnected experience. Airtime provides a new way for users to share experiences together that lets them truly `Be Together` and `Do Things Together` as they would in real life. We are looking for data scientist who share our passion for the space and would help us bring this audacious vision to fruition. You will be expected to blend in your concrete data driven understanding of product metrics with qualitative feedback and business goals to come up with actionable insights to drive product strategy. The areas you will be involved in include: how users interact with rooms, in video chats, our messaging model, and our user experience focused on the "being together" and "doing things together" mantra of experiencing the internet in a new way. What You'll Do Work with our product team to uncover actionable insights from behavioral user data. Provide analytical and data support to research team for setting up research studies (e.g. analyzing user segments, pulling lists for surveys and qualitative user tests, etc.) Create analytics frameworks and set best practices globally, including development of tools and dashboards Create sophisticated custom visualizations from large datasets Build and maintain analytics data pipelines Help empower data-driven product and marketing efforts What We're Looking For At least 4 years experience analyzing data for marketing and/or product teams. Although academic experience is important, we are looking for those candidates who have industry experience post academia. Experience in digital marketing analytics at a mobile startup is preferred. BA/BS, MS, or Ph.D. in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or a quantitative discipline Proven track record and enthusiasm for complex problem solving and analysis, including working with large data sets Quantitative mindset, comfortable and proficient with statistical analyses Hands-on experience with visualization tools with expertise in building advanced custom visualizations in Power BI, Tableau and state of the art Data Viz frameworks ( D3.js, Processing.js,Raphael.js etc.) Hands-on experience with Python, R, Matlab, SQL, or other related analytical/programming tools and software Ability to communicate complex analytical insights in a simple, concise manner and to build strong relationships with marketing and product teams to effectively convert insights into action Comfortable and confident working as part of a face-paced, self-directed, dynamic team Experience with A/B Testing best practices and analysis
