Job ID RFQ1372632 Job Title Subject Matter Expert (Data Scientist/ Data Modeler) Client The National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD) Place of Performance Atlanta, GA Resume Due June 27, 2019 Number of Positions 3 No of Resumes 6 Period of performance Base Year: 9/16/2019 – 9/15/2020 Option Year 1: 9/16/2020 – 9/15/2021 Work hours 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM Commitment Letter Required Pay rate Market rate Description NCIRD seeks to improve data science and associated capability and capacity in the center in support of its public health mission. Informatics and technical services under this contract will support a range of data science initiatives and projects in NCIRD with effective support services and cost-effective solutions that align with CDC/HHS* policies and regulations, NCIRD strategic goals, and program needs while meeting applicable HHS Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC), section 508, and security requirements. The work under this contract will include : The contractor shall provide consultation and expertise to the program staff on data science, and data analytics related projects The contractor shall support enhancing collaborative data science projects across NCIRD programs and partners. The contractor shall conduct data curation, analysis, management, mining, and visualization activities in support of the identified use cases and projects. The contractor shall develop and manage databases and associated services to assist with organization of surveillance, lab, and other data in support of NCIRD public health mission. The contractor shall support the government in establishing and strengthening data governance and associated processes for data integration, sharing and presenting data to internal and external stakeholders The contractor shall manage and analyze large and/or complex datasets. The contractor shall provide support and expertise in data visualization projects/ activities utilizing latest tools and technologies. The contractor shall develop scripts and software (when needed) to automate scientific data analysis, management and visualization where needed. The contractor shall provide support and conduct geospatial analysis. The contractor shall support the government in enabling the holistic use of comprehensive data sources for analytical workflows. The contractor shall implement flexible and robust solutions for making data accessible, discoverable, and shareable to the NCIRD staff, and external stakeholders as appropriate. The contractor shall design, architect, and implement an initial (pilot) data store for bringing and housing different datasets at one centralized place and making it accessible to the program staff as appropriate. The solution will be flexible, robust, and scalable in accommodating future data centric needs of the center. The contractor shall provide recommendations on data integration opportunities and data sources that will be valuable in addressing the use cases being worked on under this contract. The contractor shall provide training and end-user support for any tools or technologies being utilized by the NCIRD programs in support of the work under this contract. The contractor shall collaborate and support the programs which include the project sponsor and staff members engaged in specific tasks related to the project, on authoring and preparing data for peer-reviewed journals and scientific conferences and meetings. Responsibility will be determined by the project sponsor and be dependent on the scope and focus of the individual project(s). The contractor shall develop, in cooperation with program activity members, establishment of documentation for analytical protocols, script development, and application configuration and development should be implemented and structured procedurally. The contractor shall conduct all project management tasks for the management of work under this contract. This will at least entail to managing resources, deliverables, and implementing solutions. The contractor will follow all federal capital planning policies and guidelines in managing the projects. The contractor shall provide support in capturing and defining any requirements for the deliverables/ solutions for the projects under this contract. The contractor will create and maintain all appropriate project documentation as required by the project sponsors and federal Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC) guidelines. The contractor will support NCIRD in implementing selected tasks from the Business Intelligence Strategy underway in the center. Quality Control Plan to include the following minimum requirements: A description of quality control measure to cover all major services and deliverables. The description shall include specifics as to the artifacts to be reviewed and monitored on both a scheduled and unscheduled basis, and their frequency; A description of the methods to be used for identifying and preventing issues in the quality of service performed; And a description of the records to be kept to document issues and corrective or preventative actions taken. The contractor will provide expertise and implementation support for projects in predictive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. The contract will support services needs in area of open data, supporting programs in making data discoverable and shareable. The contractor will maintain the work and tasks completed under this contract, ensuring the sustainability and operation of these products. The contractor will submit a transition plan for all work completed to government 45 days before the contract end date. The contractor will knowledge transfer and transition all work, tasks and artifacts to CDC staff at the end of the contract. The contract will collect and manage requirements related to project tasks, and define use cases supporting the program needs. Experience Knowledge and previous experience managing projects and therefore this expertise is required of the resource identified to provide project management.
