Excellent knowledge of spreadsheet software and experience in using R and SQL databases. The position requires the ability to think intuitively as well as scientifically and logically to define problems and formulate solutions. Mathematically, the person needs at least nine (9) college credit hours of engineering calculus, three (3) hours of linear algebra, differential equations and real analysis. Statistically, the person should thoroughly understand and be able to apply the central limit theorem, normal approximation as well as be able to identify and fit theoretical distributions to empirical data and test for reasonableness of fit, and create simulation models based on such distributions. Financially, the person should understand general interest rate theory and investment evaluations (stocks, bonds, annuities). The person should also have at least six (6) hours of computer training classes including programming language, simulation modeling, graphing, numerical or spreadsheet analysis.Union Standard is committed to doing the little things, as well as the big things, right – the first time. It's not just what we do, but how we do it, that makes the difference. Best of "US" Service comes from our independent agents and our employees. These dedicated professionals work together to provide claims, loss control, audit, underwriting and policy services. Their expertise, experience and responsiveness is our best competitive advantage. Now more than ever, financial strength is critical to a successful, long term insurance relationship. Union Standard is a member company of W. R. Berkley Corporation, a Fortune 500 company, whose insurance company subsidiaries are rated A+( Superior) by A.M. Best Company. Responsibilities The Actuarial Data Scientist oversees the development maintenance of the company's Actuarial area. This includes the following responsibilities: Collect, compile and analyze data on price, exposure, losses, policy and claim counts pertaining to rate adequacy (facilitated through the use of Product Line Reviews). Provide estimates of loss and expense reserve adequacy quarterly providing detailed information to financial and management. Provide help in the development of the company's Statutory Annual Statement and Insurance Expense Exhibit, including but not limited to the development of Schedule P. Provide assistance in the Company's forecasting/planning areas in the form of advanced modeling. Provide support and direction in the Company's catastrophe mapping project. Provide assistance in the development of any rating methodologies concerning new company products. Assist Underwriting is the pricing mechanisms involved in large accounts. Collect, compile and review data and data quality issues (includes data correctness, usefulness, affects from changes in company operations & procedures, etc.) on a continual basis. Provide pricing support for Product Line Reviews, including expected future investment rates of return, underwriting expense provisions, rate indications, five-year calendar/accident year experience, review of bureau changes and competitive reviews. Evaluate actuarial pricing support for future development, conduct actuarial portion of Product Line Review process and gain management support for recommended changes. Provide pricing support for Product Line Reviews, including expected future investment rates of return, underwriting expense provisions, rate indications, five-year calendar/accident year experience, review of bureau changes and competitive reviews. Evaluate actuarial pricing support for future development, conduct actuarial portion of Product Line Review process and gain management support for recommended changes. Develop modeling techniques for forecasting/planning projections, both premium and losses. Provide training seminars to department and company staff pertaining to new techniques used in rate development or product derivation. Provide planning to company personnel so that staff resources can be used efficiently (includes scheduling of product line reviews) Qualifications Bachelor's degree in actuarial science, mathematics, applied mathematics, statistics, computer programming, business or any related field. An accredited member of the Casualty Actuarial Society with either an Associateship or Fellowship. At least three years of Property/Casualty Actuarial work and a minimum of three actuarial
