Welcome! Are you seeking a global, well-established and innovative company that’s part of an industry with exciting growth potential? Then, start your Colorful Career with INX!INX International is the third largest producer of inks in North America with full service subsidiaries in Europe and South America. We offer a complete line of ink and coating solutions technology for commercial, packaging and digital applications. As a leading global manufacturer of inkjet inks, we provide a full palette of digital ink systems, advanced technologies and integrated services.At INX, we believe we can only grow our business as well as we grow our teams. The average employee has been here over 13 years. We offer a competitive salary with excellent benefits including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability, 401(k), and more. We are looking for new talent with new ideas as we continue to provide quality, service and innovation to the printing and packaging markets. INX is looking for a Data Scientist who will support our production, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for production and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. Responsibilities Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of production efficiency, product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Qualifications (Skills - Education - Experience) Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on production efficiency.Experience using statistical computer languages to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.Experience working with and creating data architectures.Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. Additional Qualifications Requested OR Helpful:Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers. We require post-offer, pre-employment drug screens, physicals and background checks. Equal Opportunity Employer: disability/veteran. INX does not accept unsolicited resumes from third party recruiters, agencies, or similar organizations.
