Alpha Omega Integration, LLC., a Virginia Business Best Places to work for 2012-19, along with recognition such as the Virginia Chamber of Commerce Fantastic 50, and the Vanguard Top Service Company Award is actively seeking passionate leaders to join our team, support our nation’s government agencies, and make a difference.

AOI has an exciting opportunity for you to join as a Data Scientist working in Silver Spring, MD. As part of the team, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.

We are seeking a Data Manager/Data Scientist to support a cloud pilot contract for the National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS), a Line Office under NOAA. The Data Manager/Data Scientist will collaborate with the Alpha Omega Integration (AOI) Team Engineers, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), and Programmers to design, implement, maintain, and enforce a data management policy for NESDIS data stored in the cloud as part of the cloud pilot work.

Responsibilities:

Work with the Environmental Data Management Committee (EDMC) representative for NESDIS to understand the existing environmental data management strategy and associated polices.

Design, implement, maintain, and enforce a cloud-native, cloud-agnostic scientific data management policy.

Coordinate with data providers on sources of input data for data processing.

Coordinate with data consumer, Product Generation Team, and Data Access Team on data products made available to the public and NESDIS partners.

Ensure data is stored in the proper cloud-native storage solution based on the documented data management policy.

Assist Technical Writer in documenting data storage and management solutions.

Knowledge of cloud storage services offered by AWS, GCP, and/or Azure

Strong problem-solving skills

Strong coordination, organization, teaming, and communication abilities along with horizontal integration skills

Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously

Qualifications:

Master of Science Degree or PhD in a Physical Science field, such as Geology, Hydrology, or Physics

2-5 Years as Data Analyst or Database Administrator

Knowledge of common scientific data formats, such as netCDF, HDF, and GeoTIFF

Knowledge of cloud storage services offered by AWS, GCP, and/or Azure

Strong attention to detail

Excellent oral and verbal communication skills

Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance

US Citizenship and must continuously reside in the United States for the last two years

Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance (NACI).

Desired Qualifications:

DAMA Certified Data Management Professional (CDMP); CIMP Master Data Management; or other Data Management Professional certificate

Data visualization experience with tools such as the Grid Analysis and Display System (GrADS) or McIDAS-V

Extensive experience in a Federal scientific organization managing scientific data

Working experience with database programming

Active NOAA CAC is a plus

Alpha Omega Integration, LLC (AOI) is committed to the development of a creative, diverse and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at AOI will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. AOI does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, IWDs, Veteran Status or any other characteristic protected by law (referred to as "protected status.”
