Responsibilities Build the future of Data Science as part of the Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (CoE). The CoE is a unique team within Guidehouse, focusing on solving our client's most important challenges using Data and Advanced Analytics, AI, and Automation. As one of the top Public Sector professional services firms, the CoE works on a huge variety of projects; from predictive analytics models to support our healthcare and financial services divisions, to open source analysis for federal agencies, and deep learning initiatives for advanced analysis. As part of Guidehouse's Data Analytics team, you will work on high-impact and high-visibility projects, helping to shape not only Guidehouse's current business, but its long term strategy. This role involves leading a complex multi-functional Agile team with other data scientists, engineers, and UI/UX developers to develop and productionize analytics solutions. Responsible for leading and reviewing the work of multiple engineers, data scientists, performing QC on code/models, developing and testing Machine Learning algorithms. This requires the use of sophisticated distributed systems, the development of high-availability APIs, and the application of statistical techniques. It also involves working with the customer / product owner to gather and validate modeling business rules and assumptions. Working with open source tools and platforms to build AI/ML models into production systems that provide real-time insights into data, decision-making, and case complexity. As part of your job, you will handle large amounts of training data, rapidly prototype new cloud architectures, perform testing and push solutions into production. Must have strong problem-solving abilities, be able to work both at high and low levels of detail, have excellent communication skills. Qualifications Required: A MS or Ph.D (Ph.D strongly preferred) in Engineering, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics or related fields 5+ years developing advanced AI and Machine Learning solutions (supervised and unsupervised) 3+ years of experience leading development of Data Science projects using advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) 2+ years industry experience in top-tier management consulting, investment banking, finance, corporate strategy, product management or related business fields 5+ years of Python experience preferably in data science specific packages (i.e. NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Pandas) 3+ years of Database (SQL and NoSQL) experience 1+ years of TensorFlow or equivalent experience Knowledge and understanding of Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis) Knowledge and understanding of modeling and word representations (TF-IDF, LSA, LDA, word2vec) Experience working with big data infrastructure with tools such as Hive, Spark, Databricks and H2O Experience building solutions at enterprise scale on cloud platforms (preferably AWS) Experience working in a large, complex DevSecOps environment with 6+ agile teams working in a CI/CD environment Strong written and oral communications skills Experience working with code repositories and continuous integration (i.e. Git, Jenkins, etc.) Experience leading capture on business development opportunities and developing whitepapers Understanding of development and project methodologies. Project Management and Agile certifications Desired: Experience building solutions that are delivered on a Openshift or similar microservice platform Experience writing research and academic papers Experience in IDAM and application security
