Description:
Decibel is seeking a qualified scientist with extensive experience in AAV biology and production to establish and lead the company’s internal vector capability. This functional group will be dedicated to the production of research-grade AAV for preclinical experiments and optimization of viral vectors for use in the inner ear. The person working in this position will:
Establish and lead a high-quality and productive viral vector production team tasked with generating gene delivery tools for the inner ear.
Provide leadership of and actively contribute to viral vector production, process development, and viral vector analytics.
Participate hands-on in AAV production and optimization activities.
Collaborate closely with multiple project teams to prosecute hypotheses and develop novel gene therapies.
Apply experience with transfection-based AAV process development and train direct reports in these skills as appropriate.
Evaluate and implement (as needed) emerging technologies in viral vector development and gene therapy.
Collaborate closely with Pharmaceutical Development scientists to transfer processes and vectors into clinical stage manufacturing.
Lead and actively contribute to writing of relevant sections of regulatory filings.
Requirements
Ph.D. in cellular biology, molecular biology, developmental biology, chemical engineering, biomedical engineering, synthetic biology, biochemistry, inner ear biology, or related fields; and a minimum of 5 years’ relevant experience in AAV production and purification in mammalian cell systems; or B.S./M.S. with a minimum of 12 years’ relevant experience.
Expert knowledge of mammalian cell culture, virology, molecular biology, and AAV production.
Demonstrated excellence in the production of AAV using transfection of HEK293 and downstream purification methods.
Strong leadership skills and history of training and mentoring junior scientists to create an effective and collaborative team.
High proficiency in analytics and QC of viral vectors and familiarity with GMP manufacturing requirements for gene therapies.
Proficiency in statistical analysis and interpretation of experimental data.
Demonstrated ability to lead outsourced process development and manufacturing at Contract Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs).
Ability to work effectively with both internal and external collaborators across multiple project teams in a highly dynamic environment.
Ability to make high-level decisions as they relate to the use of viral vector tools in preclinical research.
Understanding of the biology of the inner ear a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, particularly of complex information and concepts.
