Who We Are In a digital economy data is the 21st century gold rush. Imagine working for a big data company with 10 petabytes of data at your fingertips. A company where analysts and scientists derive insights from 35+ terabytes of new data every week. 84.51° is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Kroger Company. Our data is sourced from consumer transactions and behavior across 24 banners, 38 states and 62 million households. We are the research, development and innovation arm of the nation's third largest retailer. We develop advanced data science solutions putting the customer at the center of all of our decisions. General Description An exciting data science role exists working directly with our internal and external healthcare partners to develop solutions that enhance the patient experience. This role leverages large volumes of data across sources in a variety of forms to develop powerful sciences using cutting edge machine learning, natural language processing, and mathematical techniques. Responsibilities Effectively own the relationship with stakeholders, ensuring high levels of engagement and the successful delivery of solutions and capabilities, where solution complexity appropriately fit the business application. Lead selection of appropriate models, technologies, and experiments to create analytical solutions that improve patient experience. Design and create innovative solutions integrating multiple data sources and using supervised and unsupervised learning techniques. Stay up to date with academic and retail/health industry best practices, while proactively sharing with data science function on new techniques or solutions. Collaborate with 84.51° software engineers and product managers to enable deployment of sciences and technologies that will scale across our ecosystem. Leverage statistical programming languages and packages with an emphasis on open source software (e.g., R, Python, XGBoost, H2O, Spark, etc.). Use data visualization tools to deliver insights to stakeholders. Develop high-level expertise in an open source language (e.g., R, Python, Julia, etc.) to the level necessary to provide support to inexperienced analysts. Adhere to stringent quality assurance, documentation standards, using version control and code repositories (e.g., Git, GitHub, Jupyter, Markdown). Qualifications, Skills, and Experience 4 to 5 years of experience using advanced algorithms, programming languages, or technologies in the development of technical analytics solutions or capabilities. 4 to 5 years of experience working with health data i.e. EMR, Lab, RX, and/or other payor and provider data Experience developing analytical solutions using statistical methods and machine learning algorithms. Experience using R, Python, or other similar open source big data statistical software and/or architecture (e.g. Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Spark, Sparkling Water). Experience with data wrangling, data cleaning and prep, dimensionality reduction. Experience querying data from relational databases using SQL. Ability to create computationally efficient solutions. Data visualization skills and ability to present technical solutions to non-technical audience. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Strong analytical, creative problem-solving and decision-making skills. Strong business acumen; grocery and/or retail experience is a plus. Passionate about data, analysis and insights. Welcomes and embraces change. Ability to work fast yet accurately. An openness and willingness to try new things and to fail. Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment. Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field.
