At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your Responsibilities:
Develop new ways to measure user behavior and to evaluate performance in the virtual environment and drive R&D in immersive Data Science
Run customer studies and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Build forecasting models to predict real-world performance based on behavior in the immersive environment
Incorporate your research outcomes into product offering
Your Skills:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses
Experience designing and training machine learning models is preferred.
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL. Familiarity with Javascript and HTML is a plus.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Passion for using data to improve user experiences
