THE COMPANY Legends is a holistic agency that specializes in delivering solutions for legendary brands. We approach each project with our 360-degree service solution. Our Global Planning, Global Sales, and Hospitality service solutions collaborate on every project to ensure success across each of our six verticals including professional sports, collegiate, attractions, entertainment, international, and conventions. Our intellectual property is our people. It's our expertise that makes up Legends. We know what it's like to be on the team, business, or athletic department side, which drives our passion in creating solutions for our partners. Collectively, our leadership has over 300 years of experience in sales and sponsorship, analytics and valuation, hospitality and operations. THE ROLE The Data Scientist is responsible for the design and supervision of all historical and predictive Analytical Data Models, Analytics, and Data Science. This position is responsible for conducting and supervising modeling, data mining, and database analytics using advanced algorithms and tools. The position will be responsible for using cutting edge technologies and methods to deploy supervised and unsupervised prediction algorithms, statistical models, and applying statistical rigor to Legend's existing data sets. The position will work with all Legends' functional areas to build new and validate existing methods and models. It will also work with customers to validate the models, tune them on a regular basis, and monitor usage and effectiveness. RESPONSIBILITIES Design and supervise historical and predictive Analytical Data Models, Analytics, and Data Science. Work with analytics division to create new models and validate concepts and models in the current analytics pipeline. Monitor data activity, utilization, and model efficacy. Take the lead role in working with various project teams (including analysts and business designers) to discover and develop actionable, high-impact data analytics in a variety of customer business types including but not limited to Food & Beverage, Ticket Sales, Finance, and Primary Research. Maintain accurate and complete documentation on data models. Formulate policies, procedures, and standards relating to model development and management. Facilitate the design and implementation process for new products/projects, and evaluates impacts on the operation, informing senior executive of alternatives. Assist in establishing standards and guidelines for the design & development, tuning, deployment and maintenance of information and advanced data models. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty above at the highest levels. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Required: Bachelor's degree in behavioral or natural sciences, business analytics, applied mathematics or comparable field. Minimum 5+ years of experience in programming, data mining, statistical analysis and modeling at an expert level. Experience with Linear and Logistic Regression, Generalized Linear Models and Generalized Linear Mixed Models. Experience with Neural networks, decision tree algorithms, Naïve Bayesian models, Association Rules, Sequence Analysis, and Support Vector Machine models Experience designing and deploying models for clustering analysis, segmentation and anomaly detection. Strong foundation in statistical theory and practice. Model validation management experience. Must have high energy level; be self-motivated, with a results-oriented demeanor. Experience with R, Python, STATA, SPSS, S+, SAS Enterprise Miner or similar tools. Preferred: 5+ years of hands-on experience with Python, Microsoft Machine Learning, IBM I2, STATA, SPSS, S+, SAS Enterprise Miner or similar tools. 5+ years of hands-on experience with SQL development. 2+ years of hands-on experience with Microsoft SSIS and SSAS in 2012 and above. Experience in successfully developing and implementing data models in a non-education setting.
