For many of our team members, this is more than a career. It’s a calling. Oshkosh Corporation is home to thousands of difference-makers working together to build, serve and protect communities across the globe. As part of a People First culture, you’ll be encouraged and empowered to take ownership of your work, develop your career and make a real impact on the world around you.

From the front lines to the firehouse, the people we serve are driven by a sense of purpose. The people who work here are no different. Oshkosh team members collaborate around the world and around the clock to build something greater than themselves. Because someone, somewhere is counting on us to make a difference.

SUMMARY

As a key member of the Data Science and Analytics group within Corporate Engineering, the candidate will work with a variety of advanced engineering groups on a cross-functional team to develop and execute a data analytics strategy and apply it to Oshkosh products. Significant Data Engineering work revolves around the timely acquisition, processing, and delivery of engineering-related data to serve data science efforts in product development and continuous improvement of on or off-road vehicles.

How You Make an Impact:
Design and develop scalable ETL solutions to deliver data from source systems to analytics platforms (structured and unstructured; batch and streaming).
Responsible for testing and validation in order to support the accuracy of data transformations and data verification used with enterprise-wide analytics.
Assist in ensuring proper data governance (quality, security, etc.) within the data lake and enterprise data warehouse systems across all business segments.
Assist with performance-tuning data processes as well as troubleshooting data processing issues.
Collaborate, coordinate, and communicate across disciplines, departments and segments.
Develop rapid prototyping and design processes for fast solution delivery to the business.
Maintain reference architecture and documentation for the purposes of architectural governance and application roadmap.
Assist in educating others on best practices surrounding data work (i.e. data modeling, database design, ETL design, job scheduling and monitoring, etc.).
Assist or direct feasibility studies and project estimates (man power, budget development, and timelines, etc.) on proposed research and development projects.
EXPECTATIONS
Essential computer science/computer engineering/software engineering education background and in-depth work-related experiences in data engineering field
Strong time management, communication and critical thinking skills
Strong presentation skills and able to confidently interface internal or external customers.
Follow the directions of the supervisor very efficiently and provide feedback on the technical hurdles and progresses with clarity and assess the priorities based on business needs
Complete the tasks under the guidance on mutually agreed schedule between the candidate and the supervisor/program manager with minimum mentoring
Strongly motivated in learning new technologies and skills in data engineering fields

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s (or graduate level) degree in Computer Science or STEM-related field.
Three (or more) years of experience working as a data engineer, ETL developer and/or data warehouse DBA.
PREFERRED
Must be highly organized and detail-oriented, with strong analytical, and problem solving skills.
Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, both independently and as part of a team.
Display excellent interpersonal skills as well as the ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from leadership and peers.
Strong proficiency with SQL, Bash, and Python (and experience with the Anaconda distribution).
Experience with big data tools and architectures, such as Cloudera Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, and Spark.
Working knowledge of telematics interfaces and streaming solutions (MQTT, NiFi, Kafka, etc.).
Any experience with automotive or heavy duty on or off-road vehicle, digital data bus, including Ethernet or Controller Area Network (CAN) experiences a plus.
Oshkosh Corporation is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Information collected regarding categories as provided by law will in no way affect the decision regarding an employment application.

Oshkosh Corporation will not discharge or in any manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Oshkosh Corporation's legal duty to furnish information.

Certain positions with Oshkosh Corporation require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Administration Regulations. Applicants for these positions may need to be "U.S. Persons," as defined in these regulations. Generally, a "U.S. Person" is a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or an individual who has been admitted as a refugee or granted asylum.
