Role Summary: Avitas Systems is a BHGE venture advancing the broad O&G industry through predictive data analytics, robotics, computer vision and artificial intelligence. Its solutions increase safety and efficiency of inspections and operations by providing state-of-the-art robotic-based autonomous inspection management and a cloud-based platform that stores, fuses, and analyzes comprehensive inspection and operational data. The Principal Data Scientist will be a key leader in the Machine Learning team that will be responsible for curating and analyzing large sets of business and operations data of BHGE's customers across O&G and related industry verticals. Avitas Systems deals with huge volumes of real-world data originating from robotic and fixed sensors, Scada systems, inspections, and other sources. This is an opportunity to make an impact across the O&G industry in a fast-paced environment where rapid prototyping and experimentation are prized Essential Responsibilities: This specific role will be responsible for analyzing the data and creating descriptive and predictive models, by applying physics and data science modeling techniques to data that originates from customers, and returning results that deliver value to customers. The Principal Data Scientist will very closely work with subject matter experts, business analysts and customers to rapidly understand the domain, and build, test and iterate the analyses and models to create high-fidelity automated analytics solutions. In the role of Principal Data Scientist, you will: Work closely with Subject Matter Experts to gain deep understanding of various business and operations related data sets. Participate in data science workouts to shape data science opportunities and identify opportunities to use data science to create customer value. Conceive, design and implement machine learning and advanced analytics solutions to improve various business KPIs. Provide expertise in physics-based modeling towards high fidelity predictive capability Work with engineers and product managers to incorporate your analyses and solutions, including working with the visualization team to create intuitive UI and rich UX stories. Communicate effectively with technical experts, business managers and customers. Collaborate with cross-functional teams across multiple offices and regions. Advocate for best practice data science and software engineering principles Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor' Degree from an accredited college or university Minimum 7 years of experience in machine learning, advanced data analytics and/or closely related quantitative discipline in the oil & gas industry Desired Characteristics: Master's or Ph.D. from an accredited college or university Experience with commercialization of analytics driven information solutions / SaaS. Proven experience in using well-established supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods for large industry-strength data analysis problems Up to date with industry best practices for production-grade machine learning systems Fluent with frameworks and languages such as Spark, Scala, R, Python, and MATLAB Experience using version control (Git, Mercurial, SVN, etc.) for collaborative code development Demonstrated awareness of how to succeed in ambiguous circumstances Experience in physics based predictive modeling Experience with analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial setting Production-quality developer in Python, C/C++, Java, or other general-purpose language Excellent organizational, interpersonal, communication (writing and public speaking) skills Field experience working with customers and clients Fluent with software development best practices, including version control, documentation, testing and CI / CD System Engineering and API based integration experience for large production systems
