Wave Life Sciences is a biotechnology company focused on delivering transformational therapies for patients with serious, genetically defined diseases. We differentiate ourselves through our proprietary chemistry platform that enables the production of stereopure oligonucleotides that precisely target the underlying cause of rare diseases. At Wave, we welcome those who share a passion to change lives and embrace a culture that is thoughtful, dynamic, humble, and fearless. Together, we can contribute to our mission enabling every patient with a genetic disease to have access to life changing treatments.

Wave Life Sciences is seeking an experienced and highly motivated in vivo biologist. This position will be based at Wave’s Worcester, MA site with occasional travel to Lexington or Cambridge. This is an ideal position for an individual interested in drug discovery who would thrive in a team-oriented, fast-paced, and cross-disciplinary biotech environment. The candidate will be a member of teams focused on advancing therapeutic programs, primarily in the neuroscience field. This candidate will contribute to all levels of in vivo discovery research to support the development of nucleic acid therapies for genetic diseases.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Perform in vivo procedures and experiments according to established protocols
Assist in the scheduling and execution of in vivo PK/PD studies.
Establish and maintain excellent working relationships with critical collaborative partners throughout the company.
Maintain detailed records of experimental protocols and data in accordance with company policy.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
BA/BS, MS in biology, biochemistry, pharmacology or related field with 3 or more years of experience.
Experience conducting in vivo experiments including dosing (intraperitoneal, intravenous, subcutaneous, intramuscular, intracerebroventricular), stereotaxic surgery, dissection, perfusion, and blood collection is strongly desired. Experience in the neuroscience field is a plus.
The successful candidate will have the ability to work both independently and as part of a team to meet deadlines and contribute to the strategic goals of the company.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
The individual should be able to function in a timeline-driven, dynamic environment
A strong work ethic, strong communication and collaborative spirit are required
