Our Boston inQbator is a hub of innovation, where we have set aside our brightest minds and dedicated our resources for solving tough healthcare problems and providing value to our corporate clients, Express Scripts, Cigna Health and eviCore. We're committed to making a difference in healthcare and are looking for Machine Learning talent from all backgrounds, because diversity of thought solves problems! We are seeking highly creative and motivated experienced data scientists with exceptional skills who will complement our growing team. inQbator's Natural Language Processing (NLP) platform coupled with large proprietary healthcare datasets and strategic vision of transforming decision making in healthcare require a state of the art machine learning platform. As a Senior Machine Learning (ML) data scientist, you will design, develop, prototype and scale machine learning experiments to automate clinical decision making. Employs a variety of algorithmic and statistical techniques, including deep learning, collaborative filtering, and other machine learning techniques to extract insights from structured and unstructured electronic health record data and other healthcare data sources. Design and apply statistical techniques to evaluate and monitor the outcomes of automated clinical decision making . Help evolve QPID's NLP platform, combining input from clinicians and other domain experts with state of the art NLP techniques. Build data driven apps whose goals are to: translate data into intelligence, help transform the work of clinical decision making, quality reporting and pathway planning, and to help solve a variety of strategic business problems in healthcare. Assists business with causal inferences & observations providing data-driven business insights Minimum Experience Required Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field required. Master's degree in Computer Science a plus 4+ years of industry experience involving machine learning for commercial production in a structured environment. Required Skills Machine Learning expertise Ability to select appropriate models given a well defined problem / data set Ability to conceptualize, validate, and improve upon features used within models Ability to measure model performance appropriately and prevent overfitting and other common modeling pitfalls. Familiarity with industry tools, libraries and coding quality High proficiency in Python High proficiency writing SQL Experience with Deep Learning and/or Natural Language Processing algorithms and tools a strong plus. Experience with Java/C++ a strong plus. Experience with big data frameworks (Hadoop, Spark, etc.) a plus. Experience with healthcare data a plus. "Can do" attitude: you are biased towards action and ready to speak your mind. Excellent organizational and communication skills. Our Company and What We Offer eviCore healthcare is committed to making a positive impact on healthcare, and also making a positive impact on our employees. eviCore offers a variety of perks and benefits including, but not limited to: Flexible scheduling and work/life balance with remote and work from home opportunities 3 weeks of PTO(starting) per year plus paid holidays Education assistance, tuition reimbursement and professional certifications Health, dental, vision, and life benefits with employer funded HSA Comprehensive employee discount program, onsite fitness facilities, and smart casual dress code Paid Volunteer Community Service Days Ample opportunities for growth, advancement, and promotion 401k retirement plan with company match of 50% employee contributions up to 6%
