JOB DESCRIPTION Sogeti is a leading provider of professional technology services, specializing in Application Management, Infrastructure Management and High-Tech Engineering. Sogeti offers cutting-edge solutions around Testing, Business Intelligence, Mobility, Cloud and Security, combining world class methodologies and the global delivery model, Rightshore®. Sogeti brings together more than 20,000 professionals in 15 countries and is present in over 100 locations in Europe, the US and India. Sogeti is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cap Gemini S.A., listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. At Sogeti USA, we are committed to building a long and enduring relationship with ouremployees and to creating an environment that rewards and empowers. Our mission is toconstantly exceed our employees' expectations in the same way that we strive to exceed our clients' expectations. We offer an environment that celebrates innovation and helps you to achieve a good balance between your professional and personal life. We strive to be an employer of choice! What You'll Do As a Data Architect at Sogeti you will have the opportunity to: Analyze business intelligence data and make recommendations for data warehouse growth and integration for the enterprise. Work with IT and business customers to develop requirements for designing the data architecture. Provide support and technical guidance to ensure architecture and framework are alignedwith BI application needs. Develop various, distinct and multiple technical application designs. Prepare technical design documents and blueprints for applications. Facilitate application design reviews and walkthroughs. Interpret application services such as API and integrate them with technical design. Create and evaluate technical alternatives for complex applications. Explore and evaluate application design considerations for multiple technologies. Minimum education qualification A bachelor's degree in any discipline. MBA or equivalent degree preferred. The ideal candidate will have/be: - Experience with Medical Data Analytics and Machine Learning systems and concepts. - Responsible for: - Architecture and hands-on development of Analytics solutions. - Definition and development of analytical, statistical and machine learning algorithms for advancedanalysis and prediction. - Architecture, design, building and integration of solutions using Hadoop and open-source components. - Leveraging large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights. - Collaborating with analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans. - Researching and evaluating new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions. - Developing and validating NPL models and tools. - Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners andexecutive decision makers. - Possible source solutions: R, Pig, Hive, Python, the Mahout machine learning library. - Familiarity with open-source components, which may be used. - Good communication skills. - Ability towork with ambiguous or ill-defined descriptive material and to find appropriate solutions.The benefits our employees enjoy: 401(k) Savings Plan- Matched 150% up to 6%. (Our 401k is in the top 1% of 401(k) plans offered in the US!) Medical/Prescription/Dental/Vision Coverage- Employees pay no premiums! Bonus Program that pays up to $20,000! $12,000 in Tuition Reimbursement 100% Company-paid mobile phone plan Personal Time Off (PTO)- Ensuring a balance of work and home life
