Job Description & Qualifications Job Su mmary Responsible for modeling complex enterprise problems, discovering enterprise insights, and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical and machine learning algorithms, data mining, and visualization techniques. Integrates and prepares varied datasets, architects custom data environments, and communicates validation of results. Major Tasks, Responsibilities and Key Accountabilities Leads discovery processes with key stakeholders to identify business requirements and expected outcomes. Makes strategic recommendations on data collection, integration and retention, business requirements, and knowledge of best practices. Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve analytics problems and communicates results and methodologies. Collaborates with subject matter experts regarding relevant sources of information and makes recommendations on data collection, integration, and retention requirements. Recommends new and improved methods to improve data and search quality and predictive and prescriptive capabilities. Integrates and prepares large, varied datasets. Architects specialized database and computing environments and communicates results. Creates statistical and machine learning models to solve complex business problems across Sales, Marketing, and Supply Chain. Partners with Data Engineers and Information Technology to operationalize machine learning algorithms in a production environment. Nature and Scope Identifies key barriers/core problems and applies problem solving skills in order to deal creatively with complex situations. Troubleshoots and resolves complex problems. Makes decisions under conditions of uncertainty, sometimes with incomplete information, that produce effective end results. Independently performs assignments with instruction limited to the expected results. Determines and develops an approach to solutions. Receives technical guidance only on unusual or complex problems or issues. May oversee the completion of projects and assignments, including planning, assigning, monitoring and reviewing progress and accuracy of work, evaluating results, etc. Contributes to employees' professional development but does not have hiring or firing authority. Work Environment Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable. Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles. Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time. Education and Experience Typically requires BS/BA in a related discipline. Generally 5-8 years of experience in a related field OR MS/MA and generally 3-5 years of experience in a related field. Certification is required in some areas. Preferred Qualifications & Job Specific Details Preferred Qualifications 2-3 years of experience in the field of retail marketing or operational related applied Data Science 3+ years of relevant quantitative and analytics experience or equivalent educational experience Masters's degree in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field preferred Strong understanding and application of statistical methods and skills: distributions, experimental design, variance analysis, A/B testing, and GLM/ Regression. Expertise in machine learning algorithms and experience using the following ML techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, Recommendation Systems Strong coding and debugging skills in one or more of the following technologies: Python, R, Scikit-learn, H2O, Azure Advanced knowledge of SQL and proven experience with large data sets such as Hadoop, hive, spark Strong skills in developing recommendation engines / collaborative filtering or developing models for supply chain optimization a plus Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using any of the following: Tableau, PowerBI, ggplot, etc. Must have a proven track record of partnering with business in delivering quality business solutions Strong collaboration skills with both technical and non-technical groups
