Location: San Francisco, CA- United States
Job ID: 20WD40666

Position Overview
Autodesk is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our Data Platform & Insights organization. The organization is chartered with building innovative data products and analytics solutions for Autodesk’s strategy, product, marketing, sales and customer support teams. This critical data scientist role will help us make machine intelligence an integral part of how Autodesk makes decisions and designs and builds its products.

You will work alongside a product development team and apply data mining, analytics and machine learning methods to understanding how customers use, adopt and achieve successful outcomes with our products. The ideal candidate is a strong data scientist who thinks outside the box, is naturally curious, highly collaborative, and has a passion for tackling complex data-centric problems.

Responsibilities
Work on a variety of problems that seek to better understand how customers use their products and what drives deeper adoption and usage of products
Apply your quantitative analysis, data mining and machine learning expertise to building models that make sense of user needs, usage patterns, factors that drive deeper adoption and contribute to subscriber churn
Influence product development, strategy and roadmap prioritization
Design and implement machine learning pipelines that improve Autodesk’s evidence-based decision-making capabilities
Tackle complex problems requiring a creative mindset to find innovative and elegant solutions

Minimum Qualifications
BS/MS/PhD in the fields of: Mathematics, Physical Sciences, Statistics/Analytics, Computer Science, or other relevant fields
Experience working with relational SQL and/or NoSQL databases
Experience working with big data platforms (Hadoop, Spark, Hive)
Fluency with one or more programming language: Python, Java, Scala, etc.
Good understanding of CS fundamentals, e.g. algorithms and data structures
Experience in statistical programming tools such as R, Matlab, SAS, Python data science toolkits, etc.
Experience with data science toolkits like pandas, Jupyter, scikit, TensorFlow, etc.
Familiarity with Statistics concepts and analysis, e.g. hypothesis testing, regression, experimental design, etc.
Familiarity with Machine Learning techniques, e.g. classification, clustering, regularization, optimization, dimension reduction, etc.
Good communication skills and ability to explain complex topics to both technical and non-technical audience as well
