Responsibilities Include but may not be limited to: performing various tasks assisting in development of new items, renovation of existing formulations, and supports efforts to ensure quality product is produced, maintained, and documented. Additionally, this position will underwrite efforts in product development and distribution by our sales and prourement teams. This position will also be responsible for maintaining and entering data in several databases.

As a member of the R&D Team, you will help develop products which can be reproduced in a large-scale food manufacturing environment.

Assist in the development of new bean products from concept approval, formulation, product development, plant trial runs to launch and post-launch review by collaborating with Marketing , Sales, Project management, QA, and Production.
Participate as an active member of cross-functional business development teams comprosed of individuals from a variety of desciplines, includjing Marketing, Finance, Purchasing and many others.
Assist in redesign & renovation of existing products to increase quality, reduce costs, and/or increase production efficiencies.
Partner internally and extenally to source new ingredients and leverage vendor expertise in ingredient functionality.
Assist Quality and Procurement departments in maintaining specifications for new ingredients and/or suppliers.
Supoport production with troubleshooting out of spec product or production concerns on established products.
Maintain accurate product records, documentation and archives in various databases including global data synchronization of existing retail business.
Maintain laboratory, including upkeep of equipment, stocking of supplies, and general cleaning of work areas.
Performs other related and assigned duties as necessary.

Minimun Qualifications
Must hold a Bachelors degree in Food Science from an accredited University.
Previous experience in food product development & food manufacturing strongly preferred.
Ability and interest to work in laboratory, pilot plant and manufacturing scale environments.
Proven ability to manage multiple assignments/tasks.
Ability to work independently while collaborating and communicating with team members in various departments.
Strong communication skills (oral and written).
Knowlege of Genesis labeling system preferred but not required.
Must be physically capable of lifting 50lbs. weight restriction.
