An advanced-level scientist position is available in the laboratory of Brent Orr, MD, PhD in the department of Pathology. Research in the Orr laboratory focuses on molecular classification of pediatric brain tumors. Specifically, the laboratory uses methylation arrays and next generation sequencing (NGS) to perform non-biased classification of brain tumors.

To succeed in this position, you will need to have a deep understanding of molecular assay development. Experience or understanding of NGS technology is helpful. Future opportunities for this position may also include proteomics and quantitative image analysis. Applicants with data analysis experience (R or python) will be given preference.

In this position, you will be responsible for design and implementation of orthogonal assays including fluorescence in situ hybridization, sequencing assays, immunohistochemistry, and other routine pathology assays to validate the molecular classification.

Staff Scientist
A Ph.D. in an appropriate scientific field is required
Research Lab Specialist
Bachelor's degree in appropriate scientific field is required.
Staff scientist
A minimum of five (5) years of relevant and productive (combined) years postdoctoral research associate or five (5) years of combined academic experience at the postdoctoral level or above.
Research Lab Specialist
A minimum of eight (8) years of relevant post-degree work experience, with at least five (5) years at the Sr. Research Tech level, is required with a Bachelor's degree
A minimum of seven (7) years of relevant post-degree work experience, with at least (5) years at the Sr. Research Tech level, is required with a Master's degree
A minimum of four (4) years of relevant work experience including post-doctoral and/or technical staff experience is required with a Ph.D
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.
