We are currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly-skilled Data Scientist to join our growing Advanced Analytics team in Ft. Belvoir, VA. In this role, you will create and develop custom solutions for our users in a collaborative, fast-paced, state-of-the art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the development lifecycle, with a passion for continued learning and collaboration.
*This position is located in Ft. Belvoir, VA and requires an active TS/SCI clearance*

The Data Scientist will:
Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Establish data science pipelines.
Develop, train, test, deploy, and sustain AI and machine learning models.
Leverage data patterns and other development methods to optimize code and reduce computational cost.
Develop front-end interfaces to facilitate usage of developed AI/ML solutions
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.

Active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline strongly preferred. Master's degree in these disciplines preferred.
Experience working with Scala, Python, Java
5-10+ years of related experience required
Advanced data science experience required
Significant experience with databases
Experience and familiarity with Agile-Scrum software development
Experience gathering and decomposing requirements
Proven record of solution development and deployment
Familiarity with web based application development
Experience with testing, use case, and user stories
Outstanding communication skills, written and verbal
Highly-organized and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Team-player mentality with a positive attitude
Keen attention to detail and solid analytical skills
Able to articulate complex, abstract concepts concisely and effectively
#LI-SH1

LMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer-all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.
