Amazon is investing heavily in building a world class advertising business and we are responsible for defining and delivering a collection of advertising products that drive discovery and sales. Our products are strategically important to our Retail and Marketplace businesses driving long term growth. We deliver billions of ad impressions and millions of clicks daily and are breaking fresh ground to create world-class products. The Advertising Fraud Management team owns prevention, detection and mitigation of fraudulent behavior within the Amazon Advertising ecosystem. Our mission is to mitigate impact of abusive activity without adding friction for our Advertising customers. The team owns building out predictive risk scoring algorithms based on real time signals to help maintain a seamless experience for our paying customers. These algorithms help control features that are available to eligible advertisers and complement the machine learning initiatives to detect and prevent suspicious activity on our stack. The Fraud Management team owns interfacing with various components of the Advertising stack to ensure the right controls are implemented across registration, campaign management, ad serving and billing functions. In a typical day, you will work closely with talented software engineers, product managers and business groups. Your work will include cutting edge technologies that enable implementation of sophisticated models on big data. As a successful data scientist in our Advertising Fraud Management team, you are an analytical problem solver who enjoys diving into data, is excited about investigations and algorithms, can multi-task, and can credibly interface between technical teams and business stakeholders. Your analytical abilities, business understanding, and technical savvy will be used to identify specific and actionable opportunities to solve existing business problems in fraud prevention, detection and mitigation, through collaboration with engineering and business teams. Your expertise in synthesizing and communicating insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication will enable you to answer specific business questions and innovate for the future. Major responsibilities include: • Translating Advertising Fraud Management business questions and concerns into specific analytical questions that can be answered with available data using statistical and machine learning methods; working with engineers to produce the required data when it is not available • Providing feedback to our engineering teams on the applicability of technical solutions from the business perspective • Presenting critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answer questions about the inputs and outputs of Advertising Fraud Management systems and improving their performance • Communicating verbally and in writing to business customers with various levels of technical knowledge, educating them about our systems, as well as sharing insights and recommendations • Improving upon existing Advertising Fraud Prevention, Detection and Mitigation statistical or machine learning methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, running computational experiments, and fine-tuning model parameters for new methodologies. • Supporting decision making by providing requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, pipelines and metrics then using them to analyze trends and find root causes of predictive inaccuracies in terms of false positives and false negatives. • Utilizing code (Python, R, Scala, SQL etc.) for analyzing data and building statistical and machine learning models and algorithms. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS • MS with 2+ years of industry experience or Bachelors with 5+ years of experience in Quantitative field (CS, ML, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics) • 3+ years of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) • Experience in creating data driven visualizations to describe an end-to-end system • Highly skilled in data and math/statistical methods (i.e. modeling, algorithms) • Evidence of using of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc. in data analysis projects. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS • Depth and breadth in quantitative knowledge. Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills. Sophisticated user of statistical tools. • Experience processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data • Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customer's organization • Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment • Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to research scientists, engineering teams and business audiences • Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations • Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment • Experience in advertising is a plus Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer - Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
