What We Do:

Machine Learning researchers at the SEI help our government and industry clients solve their problems using ML technology. In this role, you will work with our customers to identify areas where advanced statistical techniques can help tackle problems, plan and develop prototype solutions, and build out final products. You'll get a chance to work with elite cybersecurity professionals and university faculty to build new technologies that will influence national cybersecurity strategy for decades to come. You will co-author research proposals, execute studies, and present findings to DoD sponsors and at academic conferences.

Our team works on a wide range of projects. Some of our current work includes developing metrics and experimental designs for large-scale cybersecurity research programs, researching human-in-the-loop machine learning, and building classifiers to identify security vulnerabilities in code. We have access to a wide variety of cyber-related data, including malware samples, netflow data, cybersecurity training runs and tests, incident tickets, and more. If you are a computer science or statistics expert with an interest in cybersecurity, we want to hear from you!

Requirements:

BS in machine learning, cybersecurity, statistics, or related discipline with eight (8) years of experience or equivalent combination of training or experience; or MS in machine learning, cybersecurity, statistics, or related discipline with five (5) years of experience; or PhD in machine learning, cybersecurity, statistics, or related discipline with two (2) years of experience.
Willingness to travel to various locations to support the SEI’s overall mission.
You will be subject to a background check and will need to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense security clearance.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Deep understanding of statistical modeling techniques
Comfortable working in the Unix command line
Thrives in a multi-disciplinary environment
Superb communication skills
Expertise implementing machine learning techniques (e.g., K-means, SVM, neural networks)
Familiar with at least one mathematical/statistical programming package (e.g., python numpy/scipy/pandas, R, MATLAB, etc.)
Strong software engineering skills
You should have cybersecurity or privacy experience
Desired Experience:
Experience with specific methods and/or evidence that you can learn.
Experience supporting test and evaluation for large-scale government research programs is a plus
More Information

Please visit “Why Carnegie Mellon” to learn more about becoming part of an institution inspiring innovations that change the world.
A listing of employee benefits is available at: www.cmu.edu/jobs/benefits-at-a-glance/.

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.
