About the team Zillow Group is transforming the way homes are bought and sold. The Transactions Management team is focused on streamlining all of the steps involved in a real estate transaction.We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our Decision Science team, focusing on insights to inform product strategy and improve operational efficiency. You will be based in San Francisco and work closely with teams in other offices and functions including strategy, product management, design, artificial intelligence and data engineering. About the role Inform the product development roadmap by driving objective, data-based decision making in goal setting and initiatives prioritization, design and success evaluation. Define key product metrics and leading indicators, develop tools and dashboards to make these metrics reliable and useful. Build key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis. Partner with product and engineering to implement, document, validate and monitor logging. Bring more rigor to statistics/experimentation so that we make optimal decisions with the data we have in assessing the impact of product initiatives. Perform exploratory analysis and modeling to support new features. Who you are You will not shy away from complexity or uncertainty. You will develop a deep understanding of our mission, business models, and personas. We want you to use that intuition you've developed (both in business and real life) to find opportunities for growth and cultivate insights from our massive data sets. An undergraduate or Master's degree in a quantitative field (e.g. science, engineering, economics, finance, statistics, or similar) or demonstrable experience within data science and analytics 5+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving (preferably focused on operations or enterprise software). Highly proficient with SQL, using Python and/or R for data preparation/analysis/modeling, creating data visualizations with Tableau/Mode Experience with big data environments (e.g. Presto/Hive/Redshift) Able to apply past experience with A/B testing, experimentation frameworks and best practices to guide org in building this capability Able to effectively communicate and deliver findings and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and compelling fashion Get to know us Trulia's mission is to build a more neighborly world by helping you discover a place you'll love to live. Homebuyers and renters use Trulia's website and suite of mobile apps to get a deeper understanding of homes and neighborhoods across the U.S. through personalized recommendations, insights sourced straight from locals, and 34 neighborhood map overlays that offer details on commute, reported crime, schools, nearby businesses, and more. Founded in 2005, Trulia is based in San Francisco, and owned and operated by Zillow Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: Z and ZG). Trulia is a registered trademark of Trulia, LLC. At Zillow Group, we're powered by our inclusive work culture, where everyone has the support and resources to do the best work of their careers. Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction is supported by our passion to empower people and enrich lives around everything home, a deep-rooted culture of innovation, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. But, don't just take our word for it. Read our reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (#69), Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity (#38), Fortune Best Workplaces for Parents (#31), Fortune Best Workplaces for Women (#20), Fatherly's Best Workplaces for New Dads (#37), JUST Capital 100 Company (#69), Bloomberg Gender Equality Index constituent.
