This Data Scientist role is within the Black Lotus Labs Threat Research Team. This security-focused advanced team utilizes a variety of methods to find malicious actors, botnets, and other risk types in the Internet. The team is expanding our capabilities to utilize large scale data sets in this analysis and are excited to bring new talented members on-board to join in this exciting work.

The Data Scientist is responsible for developing tools to collect, clean, analyze and manage the data used by strategic areas of the business. Employ techniques and theories drawn from mathematics, statistics, from the subdomains of machine learning, classification, cluster analysis, and data mining.

Job Description

Clearly communicate methods and conclusions with simple language and innovative visualizations to management and executives.

Work effectively on a team as well as a self-driven individual to do research and develop cutting edge and effective solutions for the business.

Provide expertise in analyzing and visualizing large, complex, and unique data sets.

Create new insights that will drive business growth and profitability in the short and long term.

Deploy analytics code with a continuous integration environment incorporating version control, build servers, and test servers.

Design and implement programs and automation to collect, mash up, process and analyze distributed real-world data.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand complex business problems, build statistical models, and create predictive tools.

Qualifications

A strong applied mathematics and statistics knowledge

Experience making actionable decisions out of seemingly inconclusive data sets

Strong knowledge of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques and methodologies

Experience with relational and non-relational databases

Strong experience with tools for managing, analyzing, and visualizing large datasets

Programming experience with two or more of Python, Lisp, Java, Scala, R, Matlab, Golang, or C++

Creativity and persistence in locating, extracting and analyzing any and all relevant data

Problem solving versatility: making the best decisions possible given the data quality and time available

Strong analytical thinking and ability to quickly pick up new methods, tools and programming languages

Highly qualified candidates may have:

Past success in extracurricular math/science activities or competitions

Involvement through participation with community events such as meetups or security conferences related to data science

Experience with Spark and Jupyter

Knowledge of networking and telecommunications

Experience with sklearn, pandas and numpy

Knowledge of malware and network traffic analysis techniques

User level experience in a Unix-based environment

Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Broomfield

Requisition #: 216151

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
