Req ID: 58040 At NTT DATA Services, we know that with the right people on board, anything is possible. The quality, integrity, and commitment of our employees are key factors in our company's growth, market presence and our ability to help our clients stay a step ahead of the competition. By hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for NTT DATA Services and for the people who work here. NTT DATA Services currently seeks a Data Scientist to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US). Responsibilities Designing and executing processes related to machine learning and predictive modeling, data mining, and research on large scale complex data sets using statistical models, graph models, text mining and other modern techniques Collaborate with various teams and providing periodic updates through presentations and demonstrations. Work multiple projects simultaneously Formulate key business requirements to be solved and rationalize the various analytical approaches to solve those problems Requirements 10+ years experience 5+ years as a Data Scientist Experience in Python & R languages Experience in machine learning/deep learning-based algorithms with structured/unstructured data Experience with mathematical & statistical understanding behind the algorithms Experience with converting & writing distributed algorithms to process large amount of unstructured data Experience with Linux intermediate, Exposure to HDFS and eco-system Knowledge in NLP with packages like Stanford NLTK packages Experience with SQL Experience in building data pipelines to deploy model Experience with ETL skillsets with exposure using multiple tools Desired Different programming languages such as TensorFlow, Scala and Spark ML skills in modern cloud infrastructure such as AWS, GCP or Azure is strongly desired Experience in visualization tools like PowerBI or Tableau Experience with automated ML tools like Data Robot, H20.AI or SAP Predictive Intermediate skills with DevOps incl. cloud machines, storage and networking Solution or product development experience Advanced degree in computer science or mathematics related fields Able to work in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment as in a competitive landscape new data keeps flowing in rapidly and the world is constantly changing Ability to query databases and perform statistical analysis Able to work in a geographically diversified team and guide other Junior Data Scientists This position is only available to those interested in direct staff employment opportunities with NTT DATA, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Please note, 1099 or corp-2-corp contractors or the equivalent will NOT be considered. We offer a full comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment. About NTT DATA Services NTT DATA Services partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. We deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. NTT DATA Services, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is a division of NTT DATA Corporation, a top 10 global business and IT services provider with 118,000+ professionals in more than 50 countries, and NTT Group, a partner to 88 percent of the Fortune 100. . NTT DATA, Inc. (the "Company") is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law. To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result. INDAPPS
