Description

Job Description:


Reinvent yourself at Leidos! Uncover your potential by becoming a member of our team.

Leidos's Advanced Analytics Branch within the Leidos Innovation Center (LInC), has an exciting opening for you, our next Data Scientist specializing in designing, developing, and deploying analytics that provide machine-learning and artificial intelligence-based capabilities for our Arlington, VA based team. A scientist to integrate analytics focused on machine-learning or artificial intelligence applications to join an interdisciplinary (e.g., software developers, system engineers, analysts, and other data scientists) team of peers in designing and developing advanced technology-based solutions for contract research and development projects, and then applying these solutions to the design and deployment of mission-focused systems. The innovative technical solutions delivered to customers advance the state of the art while addressing long-term problems of importance to national security. We know you already have successful, proven, and demonstrable experience leading cross-discipline teams in the development and integration of software-based solutions for competitive, contract-based applied research programs (e.g., 6.2), and proven experience deploying solutions at scale into prototype and production systems to be successful in this role. Work with others as a member of a team to present a wide range of opportunities from contract and independent research & development (CRAD, IRAD) to the design and deployment of analytics in the National Media Exploitation Center (NMEC) DOMEX Data Discovery Platform (D3P) program. D3P is a next generation machine learning pipeline platform providing cutting edge data enrichment, triage, and analytics capabilities to Defense and Intelligence Community members.

Fun stuff you will do on the job:
Lead the integration or implementation of solutions for competitively-sourced proposals the duties
Work in settings with teams composed of industry, small businesses, and academic-based partners for contract R&D programs and directing teams of research scientists (including research scientists with backgrounds in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and embedded systems) in the design of sub-components, integration platforms, and testing and research validation methodologies and techniques
Independently design and undertake new research as well as partner in a team environment across organizations
Contribute to the development or develop topics for creative and innovative R&D approaches to solving major machine-learning or artificial challenges and work with potential sponsors (customers or internal champions) to secure funding for new research efforts based on those topics
Contribute to the technical objectives of teams composed of researchers, data scientists, data engineers, and software engineers to execute complex R&D programs
Implement secure, scalable, and fault-tolerant solutions across a distributed architecture, with the objective of researching and developing technical approaches, especially deep learning, applicable across multiple domains

To be successful in this role you must have the following:
Top Secret Security Clearance with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI
Bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science, data science, or a related discipline, such as statistics or applied mathematics with at least 8 years of experience
Sustained (e.g., at least 5 years), hands-on experience with: data modeling and data engineering, feature engineering, model lifecycle management, and cloud infrastructure; supervised and unsupervised deep learning algorithms such as convolutional neural networks, recurrent neural networks, gated recurrent unit and working in data analysis, modeling, and visualization packages in TensorFlow, Kera, Pytorch, Caffe, and Theano; and developing or integrating analytics in programming languages such as Python.
Track record of relevant publications in peer-reviewed conferences and journals.
Experience integrating solutions that incorporate the of state-of-the-art methods coupled with the creativity and intelligence to advance beyond in one or more subfields of ML or AI: Computer Vision; Pattern Recognition; Predictive Modeling and Decision Support;;Reduced Order Modeling.
Leadership abilities necessary to lead projects that include strong communication skills needed to present research plans, progress, and results to customers and internal decision-makers alike.

You will wow us even more if you have the following:
TS/SCI
Prior experience as a project lead, preferably as a principal investigator
Prior experience working with All-Source Intelligence Analysts to design mission-focused solutions

D3P
LInC
External Referral Eligible

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Research Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
