Overview


At a lot of organizations, it is hard to stand out. Everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing as fast and efficiently as humanly possible. Don’t get lost in the crowd. Team Daugherty offers the opportunity to work on something different. With every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills.

Team Daugherty is looking to grow the Data and Analytic space here in MSP. Potential roles could include: Informational Architect, Information Analyst, Data Engineer, Data Scientist or Big Data Developer. Ideal candidates for these positons are problem solvers with the ability to utilize insights, creativity, and perspective to drive business success for our clients. In these roles, you could have the opportunity to work with analysts, technical team leads, and software engineers on business intelligence related architectural issues and best practices. You may also assess organizational readiness, plan and execute a proof of concept, and lead an implementation plan to success.

Now, imagine yourself:
Assisting in the design and development of reports and dashboards for varying levels of the organization (operational through executive management).
Assembling large, complex data sets that meet functional/non-functional business requirements.
Collaborating with clients to design information management and business intelligence solutions.
Analyzing application specifications and technology approaches to ensure business requirements are met and are scalable for future product releases.
Creating custom software components and employing a variety of languages and tools.
Working with business analyst and management to recommend future application solutions.
Interest in joining our crew? Here are a few things that we look for:
Ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly.
Interest in working with tools and technologies such as: Hadoop, Informatica, Vertica, Business Objects, Cassandra, Kafka, Postgres, BigTable, Oracle, Teredata, MarkLogic, MongoDB, MatLab, HBase, Hive, CouchDB, Sklearn, Azure, PostGIS, Redshift, SAS, Memcache, Redis, Pandas, Accumulo, NumPy, TensorFlow, Python, BASH, Scala, Julia, Spark, Map Reduce, Elastic Search, AWS, Splunk, Sqoop, Kibana, Spark Streaming, Solr, DynamoDB, SoftLayer, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud, Ansible, Jenkins, Crystal Reports, Qlik, Docker, Chef, Zoomdata, SPSS, AMOS, LISREL, Theanos, t-tests, power analysis, ANOVA, ANCOVA, linear regression, logistic regression, ARIMA, factor analysis, principal components, decision trees, Naïve Bayes, K-Nearest Neighbors, Neural Networks, Random Forest, K-means clustering, Gaussian Mixture Models, GPFS, Kudu, Impala, Kinesis, GCP, Salt, Puppet, Pentaho, Jaspersoft, Talend, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Domo, Looker, Nifi, Spotfire, D3, PowerPivot, Power BI, Actian Vector, StremSets, REST, GraphQL, Kubernetes, GIS, Airflow, Oozie, Node Red, Mic
