We are seeking an Associate Scientist in Technical Operations. The Associate Scientist will support activities related to the optimization of existing products/processes and implementation of new product launches and process changes to support existing products. This individual will support the process of exploring and evaluating project feasibility with an emphasis on technology requirements, facility compatibility, and compliance issues. The Associate Scientist will focus on continuous improvements in terms of process, cost, quality, and production of both existing and future product lines.

About the Role:
Designing studies under instruction, executing experiments and data analysis to support GMP investigations, manufacturing change controls and to reduce re-occurring deviations
Facilitates technology transfer from process development to GMP for new product introductions, exploring modifications of existing processes, execute process development protocols
Develops process documentation and training materials for new processes, materials, and equipment
Conducts activities related to the development of new processes, evaluating process cost, quality, and capability alternatives, and performing process under limited supervision
Functions as technical role and resource/consultant to others
Support of development of new product/processes, continuous improvement, testing, new equipment, new technologies and manufacturing process development
Work on multiple concurrent engineering/R&D projects while ensuring their success in meeting respective objectives and timelines
About You:
Bachelor's degree in science required
2-4 years of relevant biologics manufacturing experience
Experience with supporting validation in a GMP environment is preferred
Why Join Aldevron?
You want meaningful work.We are in a landmark moment in the history of life science, and Aldevron is at the center of it.
You want to plant your career in a growing company.We are growing fast.We have limitless opportunities for people who are ready to roll up their sleeves and jump in.
You are excited to learn every day. At Aldevron, no day is the same. Our team comes to work ready to learn and overcome new challenges with teamwork and a passion to make lives better.
Your talents, ideas, and passion are essential to our success. Join us today!

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
