If faculty, tenure track status: Not Applicable Reports to (title): Manager of Data Science and Research Department: Institutional Research Requisition Number: 19072 Position Type: Replacement Starting Salary: Based on qualifications Open Until Filled: Yes Priority Review Date: 10/02/2019 Job Summary We are seeking an innovative researcher with a knowledge base in data analytics and a desire to continuously grow and learn within a professional realm in order to create data-driven solutions that impact community college students. This full-time research position in the Data Science & Analytics department at Salt Lake Community College (SLCC) is for an applied statistician/data scientist with strong statistical programming skills and exceptional communication abilities, centered on visualization. The applicant should be skilled at explaining potentially complicated statistical results to non-technical audiences. The position requires a creative and detail-oriented approach to answering research questions using a wide range of statistical techniques from areas such as data mining, business intelligence, predictive analytics, machine learning, computational statistics, and the social sciences. Our researchers work very collaboratively, meeting weekly to discuss methodology and share. The applicant should have an interest in student success, some knowledge of higher education and a desire to learn and try new methods. The position is grant funded for 2 years, with the possibility of becoming an ongoing position thereafter. The funding is from the National Science Foundation to improve STEM education in the college of Science, Math and Engineering at SLCC. The position will focus on educational research to support that objective. SLCC is nationally recognized as a premiere community college in the western United States. The College is making an increased investment in its data and analytics resources as it transitions more completely to a culture of data-informed decision-making at all levels. The researcher will help with this transition and will have an important role in improving college student success in Utah. Essential Responsibilities and Duties Initiate, plan, and complete research and analytical projects from requirements gathering, design & modeling, implementation, peer review and presentation. This includes developing and improving data collection systems, designing experiments by performing analysis of data, producing written summaries of clear, accurate, and trustworthy results for our college community, and possibly presenting findings in person. Perform slightly complex analyses, potentially requiring new techniques which you learn on your own or via others on the team. Execute these projects semi-independently with guidance and check-ins with manager. Produce approximately 1-3 projects per month. Engage in professional communication with project stakeholders and/or manager to ensure project goals are met and deliverables meet expectations. Seek to improve the quality of research the team produces by collaborating with other researchers to discuss projects and results, and engage in a high-quality, thoughtful peer review process. Handle grant reporting, as needed, by developing and maintaining complex reports using SQL or Cognos. Develop clear reports to help stakeholders monitor the progress of grant-related projects. Other duties as assigned. Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field. Experience in community college or educational research. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a relevant field and zero (0) to three (3) years of relevant, paid, full-time work experience. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Demonstrated ability to conduct quantitative and /or qualitative research. Demonstrates commitment to and engagement in continuous learning to provide accurate results and approaches to analytical questions. Ability to perform advanced statistical analysis on complex multi-dimensional and hierarchically structured data, including using techniques from areas such as data mining, business intelligence, predictive analytics, machine learning, computational statistics, and the social sciences. Ability to access, clean and structure institutional datasets for analytics and research. Knowledge of a statistical computing language, such as R. Skill with data access and reporting tools: SQL and/or Cognos (or other business intelligence tools such as Tableau). Strong organizational skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet project deadlines. Ability to focus the level of research commensurate with the stated need for the project. Ability to work with clients within the institution to refine analytical and research questions and, as necessary, serve as a data consultant. Ability to write clear, concise papers/summaries of statistical findings, analytics and data for a non-technical audience that emphasize visualization of results. Ability to present statistical findings clearly and convincingly to internal audiences, and, where necessary, to explain statistical concepts to non-statisticians. Effective communication skills and comfort working with different teams within the organization. Must be a creative and collaborative team player with the ability to interact with a diverse team and a proven history of accepting and giving constructive feedback. Ability to communicate effectively with a broad range of diverse people, ability, culture, ethnic background, to maintain good working relationships across the College. Ability to work with all groups in a diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural and ethnic background of community college students, faculty and staff, including those with disabilities. Special Instructions Full consideration will be given to applicants who apply on or before the priority review date indicated above. More information about Salt Lake Community College benefits: http://i.slcc.edu/hr/docs/benefits-summary-current.pdf Cover letter required FLSA: Exempt SLCC Information Salt Lake Community College (SLCC) is fully committed to policies of equal employment and nondiscrimination. The College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, religion, protected veteran status, expression of political or personal beliefs outside of the workplace, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. SLCC is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check.
