At St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital our mission is to advance cures, and means of prevention, for pediatric catastrophic diseases through research and treatment. Therefore, every one of our professionals shares our commitment to make a difference in the lives of the children we serve.

We are looking for an experienced scientist to join the Department of Epidemiology and Cancer Control where our research is focused on describing late sequelae of childhood cancer and its treatment, and on identification of risk factors that can be modified to prevent these sequelae to promote well-being of childhood cancer survivors. Our department houses two large cohort studies, the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study, and the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort Study. Our faculty investigators are epidemiologists, biostatisticians, psychologists, physicians, and computational biologists. We conduct observational and interventional research where our expertise incorporates pediatric cancer survivorship, clinical outcomes ascertainment, behavioral and neuropsychology, exercise science and nutrition, psychometrics, computational biology, risk prediction modeling and genetics. We collaborate with clinicians and scientists across the institution and are active members of the Comprehensive Cancer Center. The ideal candidate will have strong background in genetic and clinical epidemiology and analytic experience of whole genome sequencing, GWAS SNPs, bioinformatics, and clinical research data.

The Clinical Research Scientist will assist faculty members in several aspects of work including data management and analysis, study development, and manuscript and grant writing. Experience in bioinformatics and linux computational environment is highly desired.

A PhD in a relevant scientific field such as genetic epidemiology, human genetics, statistical genetics and/or computational biology is required.
Three (3) years of relevant and productive research experience in clinical, biological, and/or population-science research required.
Experience must include study design methodology; study conduct and analysis.
Ability to mine, integrate, and perform analyses of complex biological data independently
Familiarity with GWAS, PheWAS and statistical genetics software including PLINK, GCTA, EPACTS, etc.
Experience in Unix/Linux systems including HPC environments
Fluency in one or more scripting and programming languages such as R, Python, Perl, Java or C++
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.
