Job Description
Hi,
Hope you are doing good.

Please suggest your interest for this position.

Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: San Bruno, California

Duration : Contract

Job Description
Need a Data Scientist who has hands on experience designing and building new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and production purposes. Should have hands on experience with the following languages Java, Scala, C/C++. Should have Knowledge of one of the scripting languages such as Python or Perl. Need experience analyzing and interpreting the results of product experiments. Knowledge of statistical languages such as R. Need experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, or Spark).
Roles & Responsibilities
Design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and production purposes.
Determine new ways to improve data and search quality, and predictive capabilities.
Perform and interpret data studies and product experiments concerning new data sources or new uses for existing data sources.
Develop prototypes, proof of concepts, algorithms, predictive models, and custom analysis.
Preferred Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science, Statistics or related field; OR a Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Statistics or related field and 2 years of related experience.
Knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, data mining, statistics, NLP or related field.
Programming skills in one of the following languages: Java, Scala, C/C++.- Knowledge of one of the scripting languages such as Python or Perl.
Experience analyzing and interpreting the results of product experiments. Knowledge of statistical languages such as R.
Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, or Spark).
Working knowledge of Relational Data Base Systems and SQL.
Experience managing end-to-end machine learning pipeline from data exploration, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online testing with big data set.
Excellent communications and organizational skills
Prior experience in this area with eCommerce or Online Retail would be a plus.
Required Skills
Python, Perl, Java, Scala, C/C++

Technical Recruiter
Sanjeev Kumar
IDC Technologies Inc

Cell: 408-703-7081
Mailto: sanjeev.kumar1@idctechnologies.com
LinkedIn ID: linkedin.com/in/sanjeev-sethi-1623b6b0
