About the team You will join Zillow Group Home Loans a dynamic, collaborative, and driven team. We are data-hungry and make almost all decisions using data. Our team structure if flat. You will communicate directly with Directors and VPs. You will have the opportunity to present results directly and help drive the direction of the business.About the role Zillow Group is currently seeking a Data Scientist to join the Zillow Group Home Loans Analytics team in our Seattle, WA office. Our team is tasked with absorbing billions of rows of data from dozens of sources, organizing them, visualizing them, and analyzing them to help inform both short- and long-term decision-making. You will not shy away from complexity and uncertainty, and you will develop a deep understanding of our mission, business models, and personas. We want you to use that intuition you've developed (both in business and real life) to use the data we have on hand to find opportunities for growth and to develop insights that help the broader organization meet its goals, improve its performance, and positively impact how our users and customers navigate the Home Loans market. Once you're here, you'll help engineer, analyze, and report on data to improve our Home Loans business and products. In this role you will: ● Dive into our internal data (think Hive, Presto, SQL Server, My SQL, Redshift, Python, Mode Analytics, Tableau, R), combining disparate sources of information into data sets you can analyze. ● Help sales, product and business leadership make decisions with data. ● Tackle complex business problems by converting raw data into meaningful and actionable business ideas. ● Craft insightful automated dashboards & data visualizations to track key metrics. ● Work with a team of analysts to support Zillow's Home Loans product and sales team. Who you are ● You are an all-around talent, you can think through a complex business problem and solve it. ● You can interpret, and visually convey data results to generate insights. ● You can to run multiple projects concurrently. ● You are able to effectively communicate complex ideas to diverse audiences. ● You have strong SQL coding and statistics skills Data Scientist. ● You have 2+ years in highly analytical role with relevant experience (e.g. analytics, sales finance, management consulting or investment banking). ● You have a quantitative related degree (e.g. engineering, finance, and statistics) or quantitative training. ● Masters or PhD is highly regarded but not required. ● You have experience with Tableau, Salesforce as a plus . Get to know us Zillow Group houses the largest portfolio of real estate brands on mobile and the web. We are on a mission to rewire the real estate transaction and are building transformational tools and services that make it easier for everyone to find and get into a home they love. We are working to create an on-demand real estate transaction experience for every stage of the home lifecycle -- for buyers, sellers, renters and borrowers - and we're well on our way. No matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality for millions of people.
