Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $4.4 billion in 2018, employs approximately 13,100 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 42 countries. Moody's Investors Service is among the world's most respected and widely utilized sources for credit ratings and research. Our opinions and analysis on a broad range of credit obligors and obligations are valued around the world for their insight and rigor. At MIS, our workplace culture supports our mission to be the Agency of Choice for our customers, employees and future employees. Our Culture focuses on Excellence and embodies behavioral qualities such as Integrity, Responsiveness, Collaboration, Respect and Passion. Our people are our core asset and we look beyond outcomes to ensure that behaviors and interactions matter. Department Analytic Tools & Solutions Group Job Description The Data Scientist is a key member of the Analytic Tools & Solutions (ATS) group in MIS. ATS is responsible for developing the quantitative models and analytical tools used in the rating process and across the rating agency, as well as certain MIS technology innovation activities, including advanced capabilities in machine learning and artificial intelligence. The Data Scientist will be part of a team of individuals responsible for applying the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Distributed Computing to drive business value particularly related to Blockchain and digital assets. A successful data scientist will not only be technically competent, but will be able to work collaboratively with business stakeholders to increase analytical efficiency, drive new business insights, and develop new products. The duties of the Data Scientist include: Development and Deployment of Machine Learning / Statistical Learning models for developing analytics and tools largely related to Blockchain and Digital / Crypto assets Full cycle data management from collection and cleaning to processing Identify potential data sets (internal and external) which could be used to enhance analytics Stay up to date with the latest in statistical and machine learning methods Applying sound software and architectural development practices in development and deployment of models as software products. Using cloud and distributed computing platforms for model development and deployment Communication of results to business stakeholders and decision makers Qualifications Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, specialized Machine Learning program, or related field 3+ years' practical experience in Machine Learning or statistics and/or distributed computing Working knowledge of Machine Learning techniques include Neural Networks, Tree-based Models, Linear models Industry knowledge of Blockchain and Digital / Crypto assets is highly preferred Experience with one or more of the following programming languages is highly preferred: Python, R, and SQL
