What you'll do at Walmart's Customer organization is evolving to the next generation, with a focus on providing the best online and in store experience for customers. Customer Science is an integral part of this organization that leads the customer science, planning and strategy development, customer journey, communications, as well as in store and online experience for the 140 million U.S. customers that shop at Walmart every week. Whether in store or online Walmart is serving customers' changing needs of retail. As a part of Walmart's Customer Science team you'll be the voice of our customer. Why? Because Sam Walton founded our company with the belief that the customer is #1. It's not just a belief, but our way of doing business. With the customer at the forefront, we have the ability to help deliver the easiest shopping experience at the lowest cost, both digitally and physically. That's where you come in. As the Senior Director, Data Scientist - Customer Experience, you'll lead a group of experienced insights consultants to enable customer centric decision making with a variety of insights and analytics tools. You will consult with our senior executives to help them envision the future and prioritize where to invest in their businesses based on customer needs and pain points. You will be a thought partner and trusted advisor to the business and marketing leadership as well as develop key strategic partnerships, ensuring that the customer is always at the center of strategic discussions. Your role will require not only customer advocacy but also deep industry expertise as well as a strong appreciation for Walmart's business strategies and processes. Essential Functions Leads the continuous improvement of data science and analytics across the enterprise by researching industry best practices and staying up-to-date on analytical practices; developing innovative solutions, processes, and techniques; evaluating and recommending vendor products and services; integrating third-party solutions into current processes; developing and recommending process standards and best practices to drive consistency across the enterprise; and mentoring peers and analysts across the division in analytical best practices. Consults with business stakeholders on data-based insights by serving as the data science subject matter expert for the enterprise; developing enterprise-wide analytical strategies; identifying trends across the enterprise; translating results into actionable recommendations; identifying potential consequences to proposed plans and providing alternative recommendations; and presenting insights and recommendations to senior leadership. Leads analytic strategies for the company by collaborating across the enterprise to define long-term strategies and ensuring data analytical support to drive those strategies; collaborating with cross-functional leadership to ensure and influence alignment of business strategies with data and analytic strategies; aligning global strategies and ensuring translatability across geographic locations; analyzing business direction and identifying key insights needed; developing enterprise-level statistical models to drive business decisions; building large datasets to support project goals; utilizing big data and mining technologies; ensuring models and frameworks are applicable to future projects; utilizing exploratory data analysis to drive predictive modeling; building learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flow and offline data analysis. The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor of Science and 8 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 6 years' data science experience. Preferred Qualifications 5 years experience with big data analytics. 9 years experience with SQL and relational databases (for example, DB2, Oracle, SQL Server). 9 years experience with statistical programming languages (for example, SAS, R). Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics and 25 years experience in an analytics related field. Certificate in business analytics, data mining, or statistical analysis. Doctoral degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 15 years experience in an analytics related field. Master's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 18 years experience in an analytics related field. About Walmart At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability-and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries-all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your work makes an impact every day. What are you waiting for? Hello, NW Arkansas With over 200 miles of trails, an emerging locally-sourced food scene, the world-renowned Crystal Bridges Museum-NWA has something for everyone.
