At VU, we help Veterans buy homes. To make that happen, we have a variety of Technology-Minded, Data Professional Opportunities. The mantra that guides all of our Technology teams is, “see a need, fill a need.” That mentality led us to create a uniquely diverse department. We don’t just maintain vendors, but, given our special line of business, we are often creating the technological solutions we need.

The VU Technology Department includes:
Data Services
Information Security
Infrastructure Services
Product Strategy
Quantitative Strategy
Software Services
For our Data Professional Opportunities, you will work on one of the above Technology teams. Examples of these roles include:
Database Administrator
Data Engineer
Data Flow Engineer
Data Architect
Data Analyst
Data Scientist
Tableau Administrator
You are a creator and a maker. Innovation is part of your DNA. You are experienced and a subject matter expert, yet hungry to keep learning.

We’re looking for someone who can be passionate about their job and have fun doing it, who will deliver results with integrity, and who enjoys finding ways to enhance the lives of others every day.

We’ll also want to know you can demonstrate some or all of these attributes:
Familiarity/experience with system analysis and design
Ability to think critically and analytically
Ideate and facilitate creative solutions
Excel in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment
Thrive in a highly cooperative work setting
Strong knowledge of SQL
Experience working with database management systems, such as SQL Server, MySQL, and MongoDB
Relevant experience in software delivery, ideally in our native tech stack: C#/ASP.NET/MVC/WCF/SQL/IIS.
Experience with common ETL tools, especially SSIS
Experience with Big Data tools, such as Hadoop, Spark, Sqoop, Hive, etc.
Familiarity working with Windows or Linux server environments
Experience supporting data-focused applications such as RabbitMQ, Redis, ElasticSearch, etc.
Familiarity with common data-modeling concepts and tools
Proficiency in basic computer technologies
No previous mortgage experience is necessary and as you grow and gain experience, opportunities across the company are available to progress your career.

Veterans United is the nation’s #1 VA lender and over 97% of our customers would recommend us. This may sound like a brag but it's only possible because we have a team of talented and committed employees working hard, every day, to make a difference for the people we serve; the men and women who sacrificed for our country. We find it’s easy to give your best when you serve the brave.

Learn more:
Glassdoor
Careers
Veterans United and its affiliates are proud to be Equal Opportunity Employers committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected classifications. Some roles may require licensure upon hire.
