Montage Health’s application process has changed effective 12/20/2019.
If you submitted an online application prior to 12/20/2019, you will be required to recreate your profile information if you want to apply to any new positions. You will no longer have access to your previously saved profiles and applications. Current employees applying for transfer into a posted position must also create a profile.
Excellent Pay and Generous Benefits including a Pension and Continuing Education Reimbursement
Excellent Team Orientated Culture
Free Gym for Employees
"Best Place to work in Monterey County" 11 years in a row!
Job Description:

Under the leadership of the department director, assistant director and clinical supervisor, the CLS performs pre-analytical, analytical and post-analytical procedures and analyses in all laboratory disciplines to provide accurate data for health maintenance, diagnoses, treatment and monitoring of medical conditions. Guides, trains and may provide mentoring to students and/or technical staff. Monitors/maintains QC standards. Maintains the highest standards of conduct in customer service, appearance and attitude. Uses best judgment in all interactions with patients, medical staff and team members. Maintains patient confidentiality according to applicable laws and regulations. Performs other related duties as assigned. Reports to Clinical Supervisor

Individuals working in this job classification are authorized by the Laboratory Medical Director to perform waived, moderate and high complexity testing limited to procedures when there is documentation of training. All CLS qualify under CLIA as general supervisors; no further review is required for CLS to report patient test results.

Experience:
One year recent and relevant experience preferred. Computer application experience/proficiency required. Ability to communicate in English verbally and in writing required.

Education:

As required for California State CLS licensure.

Licensure/Certification:
Current licensure as CLS in the State of California.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Assigned Work Hours:

Per diem position, varied days and shifts as needed with no set guaranteed hours per pay period.

Position Type:

Per Diem
