Major Responsibilities and Accountabilities: You will actively participate in client-based cross-functional teams in order to: identify business issues and resulting research needs, participate in client team project planning, and fulfill identified team responsibilities. You will consult with decision-makers to identify business objectives, data sources and analytical methodologies, working independently or with other analysts to identify and define business issues and goals, and convert them into appropriate analytical objectives and strategies. You will explore and understand all internal data sources and will have a clear understanding of the methodology behind the analysis and model building. You will provide research design and analysis based on identified needs, analyze internal data and/or 3rd party data sources in response to data analysis requests as well as help business clients in their data-drive decision making. Use of SAS, R, Python or other data analysis software is expected. Activities include, but are not limited to: Create research design, measurement for clients in business execution Provide analysis reports and give proper interpretation to clients Build models to meet clients' objective using available data sources Report analytical results and recommendations to business clients Provide support for Client Insights and Analysis team; consult on data mining, data science, and model building issues Help team development, be a coach for other analysts Act as single point of contact for business partner and address their needs with minimal guidance from manager Participate in professional development. Required Skills: Ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Ability to analyze data and translate results into actionable insights. Excellent problem-solving skills essential. Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in written form. Ability to prioritize work and handle multiple requests concurrently. Highly motivated self-starter with the ability to determine priorities, to plan, organize and follow through on assignments. Accuracy and attention to detail are critical. Must be customer focused. Ability to learn technical software applications and statistical techniques. Professional attitude and appearance. Ability to translate business issues into data analysis objectives. Understands the latest techniques in statistical data analysis. Required Experience: Master's or PhD degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, or other analytically-related field required. In absence of graduate degree, equivalent experience will be considered. Excellent problem solving, analytical and quantitative analysis skills. Experience with SAS, R, Python or other statistical software language/application. Experience with SQL in data warehouse environment. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications. Minimum 5 years', database marketing or data analysis experience. Good interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. Experience working with senior management in presenting reports/making recommendations. Preferred: Knowledge of Financial Services industry. Experience with AWS 5+ years of experience building and implementing statistical models. 2+ years of experience managing projects, programs or vendors. Location: Kansas City, Missouri with some travel required
