Become a Senior Data Scientist on VMware's Enterprise Data & Analytics (EDA) team! We are looking for a strong technical data scientist to develop and apply state-of-the-art data science solutions to drive business optimization & transformation across the core VMware business units, Marketing, and R&D functions. You would be responsible for executing our strategic data science and machine learning roadmap for these functions, leveraging both operational and human-generated datasets. This role will be based in Palo Alto, California. Your Responsibilities Will Include Developing machine learning/deep learning models to discover and predict trends in customer behavior, propensity to buy and respond to marketing campaigns, SaaS and perpetual license customers' journey experiences, product development quality, just to name a few. Tackling highly challenging but interesting data problems, from data cleaning to feature extractions, to model design and selections, validation and test, and productization of data science solutions in iterations. Collaborating with fellow data scientists in finding patterns and business insights within structured and unstructured data. Working side-by-side with your business partner and stakeholders to understand, process map, and solve complex business problems through the lens of data science. Unlocking repeatable patterns to predict, discover, and distill complex information into actionable improvement. Developing prescriptive recommendation engines to drive business actions and decisions. Challenging current best thinking, test theories, evaluate data science and machine learning concepts and iterate rapidly while owning the deliverables and managing your team's priorities/timelines. Continuous researching and prototyping state-of-the-art machine learning / deep learning algorithms to apply to our business problems. Presenting/communicating results across the stakeholder organization. Required Skills Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math, or similar disciplines. Minimum of 3+ years' experience as a hand-on data scientist on high-performing analytics teams. Solid fundamentals, knowledge of supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement learning machine learning and deep learning algorithms, such as classifiers, cluster analysis, dimension reduction, regression, CNN, RNN, DQN, temporal difference methods, sequence modeling, probability theory, algorithm design and theory of computation, information retrieval. An expert in at least one of the machine learning frameworks - Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc, as well as programming, visualization, and statistical tools such as R, JMP, SAS, Tableau, Python, Perl, Java/C++. Passion in reaching a deep understanding of business problems and solving them by applying machine learning solutions. Experienced in developing natural language processing techniques and text analytics (e.g. word2vec, doc2vec, attention, LDA). Highly motivated, team player with an entrepreneurial spirit and strong communication and collaboration skills. Leadership skills to guide the team to master new technologies and clearly communicate results to a technical and non-technical audience. Capable of presenting results to executive stakeholders. Comfortable collaborating with cross-geo teams. Strong ability in defining, measuring, reporting, and communicating net impact of data science solutions. Strong understanding of the deployment of data science models in enterprise B2B technology environments. Preferred Skills Proficiency in big data technologies such as Hadoop, BigQuery, MapReduce, etc, and parallelization tools in enterprise Big Data Platform stack, technologies, and ecosystem is a strong plus. Strong understanding of enterprise master data, data governance a strong plus.
