Exciting and growing FINTECH startup company in NYC is seeking an experienced
Data Scientist.

Data Scientist

Brooklyn, NY

What_You ll_Do

You ll work with our product, growth, marketing and leadership teams to
answer core business questions, uncover insights, and develop key product
features:
Analyze and understand how users interact with our platform and features,
and improve our platform
Manage the design and execution of experiments, models, and other
analyses to drive strategic decision making
Communicate your findings directly and via visualizations
Develop data-driven features that drive new products (e.g. improved
search results, stock recommendations)
Help define and shape a data-driven culture and experimentation mindset
Who_You_Are
Experienced with:
Database querying: Postgres, S3, Redis
Using relevant tools and services: Redshift, S3, Spark, Hadoop, Hive,
Periscope, and third-party analytics services
Using advanced algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation,
scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, segmenting, decision trees
The_Ideal_Candidate_Will_Have
Demonstrated ability to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Experience coordinating and communicating across teams
A master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Statistics or related
fields
Your_Team
As a Data Scientist and one of the core members of the Data & Strategy team,
you will use existing data structures as well as working with the engineering
team to build novel infrastructure on AWS and innovative products.

The candidate will have the benefit of building the data pipelines exactly as
they see fit and introducing data-driven features for new products.

About_Kore1

Requirements:

Specializing in creative and technical recruiting, KORE1 is committed to
supporting top IT and Creative professionals in their career paths. We build
deep relationships with leading companies, connecting them to exceptional
talent every day. With extensive industry expertise and unmatched
opportunities, our goal is to provide a unique experience for our contractors
and consultants as they prepare for their next role. We are passionate about
matching the right people with the right companies.

Kore1 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and
applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law
requirements, Kore1 complies with applicable state and local laws governing
nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has
facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment,
including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff,
recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Kore1 expressly
prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin,
age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.Improper interference
with the ability of Kore1's employees to perform their job duties may result in
discipline up to and including discharge.
