Job Description
Job Title: Data Scientist / Reinforcement Learning Engineer
Location: Company Headquartered in Vienna, VA / Work From Anywhere*
Position Type: Full-time, W2 Employment
Salary Range: Market competitive. Total compensation includes a competitive salary, cash and strategic incentives, professional development and comprehensive benefits, and depends on skills and abilities

Experience: Looking for Mid-stage Career candidates
Education: Bachelors required. Advanced degrees preferred.
Clearance: U.S. Citizenship required. Willing and able to receive a U.S. Government Security Clearance. Not required to start.

This position is open and funded with an immediate start following reasonable notice.

Following are the MINIMUM Contract Requirements for this position. All are MUST HAVE:
 At least 2 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
 Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
 Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
 Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
 At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes

*Within the geographic boundaries of the United States.

General personal traits we know will connect well with the team:
An ability to think on your feet and solve problems quickly;
Can learn technology on the fly;
Enjoys working in an agile team environment;
Technology and methodology agnostic, but knows when to apply the right tool to the requirement;
Self-starter.

About ATA: ATA, LLC (Advanced Technology Applications) is “The Full Stack Data Science Company” focused on providing scalable, sustainable capabilities to improve organizational performance, optimize investments, reduce risk and gain competitive advantage (i.e. using data as a strategic asset). ATA integrates across all aspects of data science: from strategy, data
management, collection ingestion and data architecture, to analytics, visualization and access. We deliver strategy driven data science maturity, creating flexible and cost-effective enterprise services (i.e. Data-as-a-Service and Analytics-as-a-Service) and continuous capability development and delivery (DevOps, AI/ML, algorithms, analytics, etc.). ATA's core team of highly educated and experienced scientists and technologists, full stack engineers, business analysts and subject matter experts provides a powerful end-to-end capability following the entire data life-cycle. ATA is presently engaged with a diverse group customers.
