Client Systems Engineer Tracking Code SN1000237 Job Description This position is responsible for providing accurate and efficient on-site support for the Starz/Lionsgate NYC location. Key responsibilities include support for Cisco AV Crestron based conference room systems, Window and Mac operating environments, and VoIP phones. Responsibilities include, but not limited to, maintenance, installation, configuration, troubleshooting, and integration of 3rd party and in-house applications. Identify, research, and resolve computer-related, technology-related and telephony problems. Respond to telephone calls, e-mail, and personnel requests for technical support. Document, track, and monitor the problem to ensure a timely resolution. In addition to the above responsibilities the Client Engineer will also responsible for various supported systems, including network infrastructure, server support, remote access systems and file shares. This position will lead and support projects to implement new technology and perform maintenance and upgrades to the existing environment. This position is a part of the IT Client Engineering Team. The team is responsible for all aspects of client systems configuration, performance, and operation. We are successful through understanding and embracing our customers' goals and taking ownership in providing knowledgeable solutions. By doing this we not only add value to our customer's outcomes but also add value to our company through setting, expecting and fostering high expectations and a performance culture. This position is a key technical advisor, is aware of emerging technologies and able to translate business needs into technology solutions. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: AV Engineer: Support the video conferencing solution for the NYC location and outside parties, which includes participating in creating new solutions for ever changing requirements Client Management: Administer client facing systems, including but not limited to desktop monitoring tools, mobile device management solutions, thin client solutions, anti- virus/spyware tools and Jr. Exchange and Active Directory administrative duties. Enterprise Desktop Management: Create and maintain system images, desktop and application virtualization, perform enterprise-wide system patching for OS and standard applications, automate software application deployment and create application packages. Project Lead: Lead and support Starz key identified projects including but not limited to rollouts and upgrades. Manage deliverables associated with a project by prioritizing, tracking, and completing assigned tasks. Hardware/Software Evaluations: Researching and testing new technology, hardware and software. Recommend and help implement new technology. Executive Support: Provide excellent technical and customer service for executives' IT needs at Starz and Lionsgate. Support executives during their travel, both domestically and internationally. Technical Escalation: Serve as technical escalation point for others on the team. Mentor senior and non-senior members on technical skills and best practices. Support: Understand business concerns and needs and identify unique opportunities and assist in developing solutions for customer and company needs. The ability and commitment to providing superior customer service. The ability to communicate technical issues both orally and in writing. Proven ability to operate in high pressure situations and successfully handle multiple priorities while remaining positive and flexible. Diagnosis: Diagnose current Windows, Apple, Android, telephony and other technology related hardware and software problems by asking accurate and concise questions in a professional and timely manner. Perform and participate in problem investigations using root cause investigations. Documentation: Document solutions for escalated incident tickets and cross-train team members on solution. Create and maintain documentation for standard Technical Support policies, procedures, and practices. Develop how-to documentation, training material and FAQ lists for customers. Provide a weekly status report for current projects. Server Maintenance: In partnership with the Infrastructure team, perform the daily administration of local server environments including monitoring, backups and auditing. Other Technical Knowledge: Strong understanding of network technologies including DNS, mail transport, TCP/IP, network file systems, cabling topologies, gateways, bridges, routers, switches and interconnecting LAN/WAN. Troubleshooting: Troubleshoot escalated issues for problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution, and follow up for desktop, mobile, enterprise applications, local/networking printing, e-mail, connectivity, remote access, and hardware issues. Repair/replace hardware as necessary. Call Logging & Assignment: During times of high volume, respond to incoming requests (e.g., e-mails, dashboard alerts, chat, telephone calls, voicemail, or in person) and accurately identify, diagnose, prioritize, log and dispatch, escalate or resolve the service requests within established SLA standards. Enter and report technical problems, causes and solutions within the call logging software. On Call Duties: Participate in the On-Call rotation. Duties include being available 24x7 to respond to emails and phone calls during on call period. Remote Support: Support for remote users and offices with some travel when needed for these locations. Required Skills Typical physical demands: Requires the ability to walk, stand, sit, kneel, push, stoop, reach above the shoulder, grasp, pull, bend repeatedly, identify colors, hear with aid, see, write, count, read, speak, and analyze. Occasionally lifting files, paper, training materials, machines, or boxes weighing up to 50 pounds. Requires eye-hand coordination and manual dexterity sufficient to operate a keyboard, photocopier, telephone, calculator, and other office equipment. Requires extensive data input. Requires normal range of hearing and eyesight to record, prepare and communicate appropriate reports. Requires mobility sufficient to travel. Typical work conditions: Conditions include working inside, working around machines with moving parts and moving objects, radiant and electrical energy, working closely with others, working alone, working protracted or irregular hours, and traveling by car, van, bus, and airplane. On-Call evening and weekend work. Education, Knowledge, and Experience: Bachelor's degree with an emphasis in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, or similar discipline or equivalent experience. Minimum five years technical experience in a desktop support/system administration environment. Strong understanding of network technologies including DNS, TCP/IP, network file systems, cabling topologies, gateways, bridges, routers, switches and interconnecting LAN/WAN; Administration of Mobile Device Management experience preferred. Experience with ITIL best practices. Demonstrated expertise in installing, integrating, configuring, troubleshooting, repairing, and supporting AV and desktop systems and software. Current Apple or Dell Hardware Certification or certification within six months of hire preferred Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize work to meet deadlines. Exhibit strong work ethic and responsible behavior and must maintain confidentiality of information at all times.
