Job Description Freeport-McMoRan is a premier U.S.-based natural resources company with headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona. We operate large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable reserves of copper, gold and molybdenum. The company has a dynamic portfolio of operating, expansion and growth projects in the copper industry. Freeport-McMoRan is the world's largest publicly traded copper producer, the world's largest producer of molybdenum and a significant gold producer. We have a long and successful history of conducting our business in a safe, highly efficient and socially-responsible manner. We have the assets, the talent, the drive and the financial strength to provide attractive and rewarding careers for our employees. We encourage you to take some time to explore your career opportunities at Freeport-McMoRan. You will be an instrumental member of our vision for analytics-driven mining at Freeport. We have gathered vast data sets from across the mining ecosystem by deploying sensor technology and the data infrastructure to support it. Now, we are in a position to use the richest data pool in our history to solve complex and meaningful problems, so our team is growing and seeking bright individuals eager to be a part of the journey. Contribute to the deployment of ensemble machine learning methods, deep learning, and advanced optimization techniques to drill into our toughest challenges. Leverage sharp research skills to test hypotheses and draw insights to support our goal of industry-leading, resource-efficient copper mining. Utilize modern cloud technologies, such as Microsoft Azure, to deliver innovative analytics solutions at scale and visualize their impact for leadership. Actively support the build, implementation, and maintenance of practical, analytical assets that effectively solve business problems using statistical methodologies. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a related field AND Five (5) years of relevant work experience OR Master's degree in a related field AND three (3) years of relevant work experience OR Ph.D. in a related field and one (1) years of relevant work experience Qualifications Preferred You are an analytics professional who enjoys grappling with vast data sets, tapped from our long-standing investment in collecting and cleaning data. You are a quantitative enthusiast who can build complex predictive models and unlock their value through Python, R, SQL and / or other rigorous analytical environments. You are a tested researcher with a background in breaking down problem statements into their root causes and tailoring solutions based off of your findings. Strong oral and written communication skills in English language Learn about our current initiative, Americas' Concentrator, and how you could be selected to join our team of Data Scientists that will be essential key players in transforming the Mining industry. Criteria/Conditions Ability to understand and apply verbal and written work and safety-related instructions and procedures given in English Ability to communicate in English with respect to job assignments, job procedures, and applicable safety standards Must be able to work in a potentially stressful environment Position is in busy, non-smoking office located in Phoenix, AZ Location requires mobility in an office environment; each floor is accessible by elevator and internal staircase Travel required up to 50% Occasionally work may be performed in a mine, outdoor or manufacturing plant setting Must be able to frequently sit, stand and walk Must be able to frequently lift and carry up to ten (10) pounds Personal protective equipment is required when performing work in a mine, outdoor, manufacturing or plant environment, including hard hat, hearing protection, safety glasses, safety footwear, and as needed, respirator, rubber steel-toe boots, protective clothing, gloves and any other protective equipment as required Freeport-McMoRan promotes a drug/alcohol free work environment through the use of mandatory pre-employment drug testing and on-going random drug testing as per applicable State Laws Freeport-McMoRan has reviewed the jobs at its various office and operating sites and determined that many of these jobs require employees to perform essential job functions that pose a direct threat to the safety or health of the employees performing these tasks or others. Accordingly, the Company has designated the following positions as safety-sensitive: Site-based positions, or positions which require unescorted access to site-based operational areas, which are held by employees who are required to receive MSHA, OSHA, DOT, HAZWOPER and/or Hazard Recognition Training; or Positions which are held by employees who operate equipment, machinery or motor vehicles in furtherance of performing the essential functions of their job duties, including operating motor vehicles while on Company business or travel (for this purpose "motor vehicles" includes Company owned or leased motor vehicles and personal motor vehicles used by employees in furtherance of Company business or while on Company travel); or Positions which Freeport-McMoRan has designated as safety sensitive positions in the applicable job or position description and which upon further review continue to be designated as safety-sensitive based on an individualized assessment of the actual duties performed by a specifically identified employee. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability
