We believe the future of money is integrated and personal. Bond’s mission is to accelerate the pace of financial innovation and access to capital. Our enterprise-grade financial technology platform streamlines the integration between brands and banks, dramatically reducing friction and creating a more repeatable model. Through our AI-powered infrastructure, Bond enables digital brands to better engage their customers by offering personalized and compliant banking products.

Bond is hiring a Data Scientist team to partner with the executive team and other cross functional stakeholders such as Product, Marketing, Design and Compliance. You will own metric definition, analysis, and presentation of critical business metrics for the team to drive growth and efficiency across the company.

You will:

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches
Questions you may be asked to perform:
Forecasting and setting product team goals
Designing and evaluating experiments
Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics
Building and analyzing dashboards and reports
Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis

You will have:

1-3 years of experience in data science and analytics in financial services
Experience in trend analysis, factor based analysis and predictive modeling.
Strong communication skills
Expert knowledge of SQL, python, R
BS in engineering, mathematics, science or equivalent

You may also have:

Advanced degrees
Familiarity with machine learning
Familiarity with Tableau, Looker, PowerBI or other data visualization tools
Ability to work in a dynamic, cross-functional environment, with a strong attention to detail

At Bond, we value leadership and believe everyone is a leader. We look for people who operate like owners, who loves to learn, have grit, and operate with integrity and empathy. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out — and set you apart. We welcome diverse perspectives and people who are not afraid to challenge assumptions.

Bond is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.
