Why Crestron?At Crestron we build the technology that integrates technology.We are proud to be the largest and most recognized brand in automation and control solutions, and the premier technology partner for fortune 500 businesses globally. Our products’ are integrated into new high-tech commercial buildings’ to include some of the most exciting real estate throughout the world. Our clients include Google, Microsoft, Amazon, LinkedIn and many others. We are the leaders in the most exciting and opportunistic industry in the world!Our automation and control solutions for homes and buildings allow our clients to control entire environments with the push of a button, integrating systems such as Audio Visual, Lighting, Shading, Security, Building Management Systems and HVAC to provide greater comfort, convenience and security.OverviewWe continue to experience rapid growth as we invest in resources and create new opportunities; as a result, we have exciting opportunities; for a Lead Data Scientist to join our Enterprise Software team. The Lead Data Scientist will lead our analytics vision and product engineering internally while also being the thought leader to the outside world. Responsibilities Retrieve, prepare, and process data via variety of data sources such as social media, news, internal/external documents, emails, financial data, and operational data Evaluate all models and provide authorization of design, outcomes, and recommendations on implementation & validation steps. Create road maps for implementation of data and analytics strategy, including infrastructure design and development of data models. Interface with business stakeholders to understand their needs and criteria for success Establish data policies, standards, organization and enforcement of data governance. Explain the \u2018why & how’ of your data driven recommendations to cross-functional teams Special projects as assignedQualifications Master’s Degree required, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or Statistics. PhD preferred 10 years of relevant experience and strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, operations research, econometrics, natural language processing, and/or information retrieval Extensive experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing, and modeling data; command-line scripting, data structures, and algorithms; and working in a .Net environment Expertise in one or more of the following: modeling / mathematics, data mining, and /or machine learning Experience should include work with technology like SQL, Hadoop, and Python Solid understanding of database design, structure, Data security and privacy Algorithms for data integration / capture Ability to translate engagement objectives to a project plan with milestones, and resource/technology requirements, and teach, lead, and manage projects to successful execution Experience with Microsoft Azure and its Data Analytics tools is a plus Ability to travel up to 30-40% (if based in Plano, TX)*LI-MT1EOE/M/F/D/VMust be able to work in the US without sponsorshipBenefitsAt Crestron Electronics, we offer a competitive total compensation package including medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability. 401K with company contribution, Paid Vacation, Holidays and more! We have new onsite state of the art fitness and wellness centers at our Headquarters in Rockleigh, NJ. *No Solicitation* Any agency submittal to any and all employees of Crestron Electronics, Inc by any method of communication will be deemed, the sole property of Crestron Electronics Inc.
