Description: 

1910654

Qualifications:

For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.
Client Technology Solutions provides our business partners with client-focused, technology-based solutions. These enhance their ability to be successful through world-class software solutions and leading-edge infrastructure. Client Technology Solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers.
  At BNY Mellon, cybersecurity is a top priority for both technology and thebusiness. The members of the Information Security Division are on constantalert, using their creativity and knowledge of cybersecurity, technology andbusiness processes to develop and deliver creative solutions. In thisfast-paced environment, staff collaborate to respond to current risks, whileidentifying and anticipating future threats. Our cyber capabilities encompassthe full spectrum of services from Cyber Operations (SOC, Cyber ThreatIntelligence, Vulnerability Management, Cyber Incident Response, PenetrationTesting & Red Teaming, Cyber Analytics & Fraud, and Insider threat) toCyber Architecture and Engineering (Network, Platform, Cloud, and ApplicationsSecurity). Together with the CISO and his leadership team, staff providea robust set of cyber services that provide full scope protection and responsecapabilities across the BNY Mellon enterprise. We help our businesses,the bank’s executive team, and our board of directors understand cybersecurityrisk and the steps that must be taken to create and maintain a secureenvironment that drives innovation.     The Bank has established a baseline standard for controls, including resolution of security vulnerabilities, which serve to minimize residual cyber risk. Utilizing a risk prioritized approach based upon industry standards (NIST Domains; Identify, Detect, Protect, Respond, and Recover,) the Information Security Cybersecurity Technologies team provides risk mitigation solutions to control breaks, threats, and vulnerabilities.         Requires advanced expertise in stored procedure programming, data modeling, replication, performance monitoring and optimization, and database administration. Collaborate effectively in a small, fast-paced, team environment. Assist in designing .Net data tier components for multiple multi-tiered systems using Microsoft and/or Oracle and Java technologies. Estimate database/data tier development efforts. Design and optimize database schemas for a variety of applications and processes. Work with developers and system architects to design high performance, highly reliable data systems. Document and implement data tier/database Standards and Operational Procedures (SOPs). Design and implement Data Access Layers (DAL) components using Stored Procedures. Ensure developers use good coding techniques in both application development and stored procedures (database and DAL code review process)Interface with infrastructure teams to ensure monitoring and appropriate maintenance procedures are followed. 10 years relevant work experience required.             Principal Information Security Analyst->> Consults on a senior level and provides professional support for major components of the company's information security infrastructure. Contributes to the development and implementation of security architecture, standards, procedures and guidelines for multiple platforms in diverse system environments. Consults with the business and operational infrastructure personnel regarding new and existing technologies. Recommends new security tools to management and reports and provides guidance and expertise in their implementation. Reviews and analyzes highly complex data and information to provide insights, conclusions and actionable recommendations. Defines, implements, and applies area-wide security and/or COB policies and standards by leveraging in-depth knowledge of globally accepted information security and/or COB principles. Addresses high risk security concerns or incidents. Recommends course of action to mitigate risk and ensures that appropriate standards are established and published. Contributes to the achievement of area objectives.    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1910654
