Our client has been able to pull off something rare in the business world: a culture that successfully blends the latest business practices with family values.  That means our associates are able to work for a great company while also benefiting from a work environment that fosters world class professionalism combined with family intimacy.  Our benefit offerings are reflective of this unique blend of Life, Work and Family. &nbsp; 
 PURPOSE STATEMENT  &nbsp; 
The Data Scientist will be part of the Demand Creation Analytics Team supplying insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for optimizing the way that we identify and target customers using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES/OUTCOMES  &nbsp;  
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. 
Mine and analyze data from internal and external sources of customer profiles and transactions to identify key data sets to be used for machine learning analytics. 
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. 
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. 
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize predictive customer analytics. 
Develop A/B testing framework and test model quality. 
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. 
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. 
Must exhibit the ability to &ldquo;tell a story&rdquo; by building a narrative with the results of the machine learning model results 
Your ability to work in a SCRUM team environment of 5-7 members will be critical as these teams require associates to share work and work tasks daily. 
You will attend daily stand up meetings, sprint planning, sprint backlog grooming and sprint demos to plan, collaborate and deliver your work tasks.  
 KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE  &nbsp;  
We&rsquo;re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Bachelor&rsquo;s (Master&rsquo;s or PHD preferred) in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools:&nbsp; 
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. 
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. 
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. 
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Azure Data Bricks/Spark, Azure SQL/SQL DW/Azure Data Lake 
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: PowerBI or similar visualization technologies 
Strong in statistical programming languages such as Python or R to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets 
Experience with creating data architectures, Data modeling and Data pre-processing 
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. 
Experience with Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code and GIT repository management 
Problem solving utilizing hypothesis statements following the scientific method 
Excellent written and oral skills&nbsp; 
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail&nbsp; 
Ability to quickly adopt new technology with a natural curiosity and critical thinking skills 
Ability to work with minimum supervision&nbsp;  
Send resume and salary expectations for immediate consideration. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Buffalo, NY 14203 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         All
