Who We Are:       


Ball Aerospace pioneers discoveries that enable our customers to perform beyond expectation and protect what matters most. We create innovative space solutions, enable more accurate weather forecasts, drive insightful observations of our planet, deliver actionable data and intelligence, and ensure those who defend our freedom go forward bravely and return home safely. For more information, visit  http://www.ball.com/aerospace ,  Facebook  or  Twitter .         
Qualifications:       


 Cognitive Data Scientist  
 What you’ll do:   
Work as a member of a research team bridging the gaps between cognition, neurobiology, and peripheral physiology to develop a more complete and robust understanding of human performance. 
Support the development of physio-cognitive models and machine learning models in the areas of fatigue, workload assessment, prediction, and molecular exposure. 
Work with team members to integrate physio-cognitive measures of cognition to build and enhance cognitive models of performance. 
Maintain a regular and predictable work schedule. 
Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the department, the Strategic Business Units, Strategic Support Units and the Company.  Interact appropriately with others in order to maintain a positive and productive work environment. 
Perform other duties as necessary.  
 What you’ll need:   
BS/BA in Psychology, Experimental Psychology, Applied Behavioral Science, Human Factors, or a related field plus 4 or more years related experience. 
Each higher-level degree, i.e., Master’s Degree or Ph.D., may substitute for two years of experience. Related technical experience may be considered in lieu of education. Degree must be from a university, college, or school which is accredited by an agency recognized by the US Secretary of Education, US Department of Education. 
Experience developing and applying computational cognitive models and machine learning models within applied settings. 
Knowledge and experience using an EEG system for clean data collection and event-related potential (ERP) data analysis. 
Statistical analysis expertise (e.g., R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, or equivalent). 
Experience with calculus and differential equations. 
Experience with object-oriented languages (e.g., Java, Python, etc.). 
Strong communication skills and ability to interact with customers. 
Experience identifying and resolving technical problems that affect cost, schedule, and performance. 
Passion for learning new knowledge and skills. 
Desire to work with others in a research environment. 
Experience developing models within the ACT-R cognitive architecture preferred. 
Knowledge of other physiological signal processing (eye-tracking, heart rate, respiration, etc.) preferred. 
Knowledge of advanced EEG signal analyses preferred. 
Knowledge of theories/models implementations of cognitive load preferred.  
 Working Conditions:   
Work is performed in an office environment, laboratory, cleanroom, or production floor. 
Travel and local commute between Ball campuses and other possible non-Ball locations may be required.          
Security Clearance:       


Successful applicant for this position must be eligible to obtain a DoD clearance or government customer access to classified/sensitive material. A current DoD clearance is not required to be eligible for this position, however the successful applicant will be required to obtain a DoD clearance or government customer access within a reasonable time after the offer is extended and must be able to maintain the applicable clearance.  *US Citizenship is Required.  By applying to this position you are agreeing to complete a National Security Clearance Pre-Screen Questionnaire, if one is required, to evaluate your general ability to obtain the required security clearance or government customer access associated with this position.
          
Relocation:       


Relocation for this position is NOT Available         
EEO Statement:       


 US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED 
 
Ball Aerospace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
        

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dayton (Fairborn), OH 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         668388
