Toumetis Job Description

Data Scientist

Salary DOE

About our Company - Our mission at Toumetis is to deliver intelligence that can transform business operations and enable new revenue via the application of machine learning. We combine experience in applied machine learning, frontend development, data engineering, and cloud computing to help Fortune-1000 companies bring elegant IoT solutions to life, surfacing unique insights to predict and prevent problems and improve organisational performance. Our engineers, developers and data scientists share a passion for innovation and are dedicated to providing our customers with solutions that enable new insights that revolutionise business processes. We have a friendly working environment with flexible hours, regular social events, great coffee and snacks, free parking, ride to work scheme, bike racks, shower facilities and you will be supplied with a MacBook Pro.

The ideal candidate will have several years experience working commercially as a Data Scientist, with a keen interest to apply data science and machine learning working in client facing roles. You will be a key member of fast paced teams. Working alongside data engineers, front end developers and UX designers, you will be tasked with getting your algorithms into production on our real time analytics platform. You should be open to learning and using data science techniques on other applications.

Responsibilities / Job Role
Gaining a detailed understanding of client business issues.
Exploratory data analysis.
Cleaning, transforming and fusing large raw data sets.
Model development and performance evaluation.
Deploying models in production environments.
Continuous evaluation and improvement of models in production.
Keeping up to date with the latest tools, methods & technologies
Key Skills / Experience
Knowledge of python for data analysis and machine learning (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, tensorflow, keras, etc.).
Demonstrable machine learning experience (supervised/unsupervised) such as developing and deploying deep learning solutions relating to time series, NLP, video, and images.
Knowledge in visualizing and presenting complex data and information.
Exposure to working with large, complex and messy data sets.
Capability to communicate complex concepts and data patterns to non-technical audiences.
Experience or an interest to work in cloud-based development, test & production environments.
You’ll also have access to company paid training services as we’re keen for you to grow your skills.
