Location: PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

Job Posting Title:

Signal Processing and Automation Engineering Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Contribute to research and development tasks within the Environmental Sciences Laboratory.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Process and/or analyze acoustic data for use in SONAR system development including the development of novel signal processing and automation algorithms to solve identified problems.
Conduct acoustic and system engineering to test and evaluate SONAR signal processing and automation algorithms developed both internally and externally (may include travel to test sites for specific test events).
Implement research grade software and analysis tools in Matlab. Software applications may include novel graphic visualizations, beamformers, automated trackers, automated target classifiers, applications for machine learning, and other algorithms as needed.
Preparation and review of analysis presentation and reports. Presentation of analysis results as internal and external working group meetings including travel.
Support collaborative research efforts with other team members. Supervision of junior personnel (including student employees).
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Physics, or related discipline and experience in applied research. Three years or more experience with one or more of the following: signal processing, automation algorithm design and evaluation, acoustics, system/software design, and/or data processing and analysis. Experience developing software tools using Matlab, Python, or similar language. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving, sound engineering judgment, good communication skills, and the ability to use time effectively in order to meet deadlines.

U.S. citizen. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree in Engineering, Signal Processing, Acoustics, Physics, or related discipline. Current or recent eligibility for access to classified information.. Five years of experience with one of more of the following: analysis of acoustic data, signal processing or automation algorithm design, and/ or estimating sonar system performance. Experience in machine learning, predictive analytics, and big data analysis. Two years of experience with software design, programming, and analysis using Matlab, Python or similar language. Experience working in both Windows and Linux environments. Experience summarizing analysis results in technical reports and/or PowerPoint and presenting research results. Proven ability to work independently, formulate research plans, take initiative, and mentor other staff. Demonstrated excellent interpersonal communication skills. Cumulative GPA of 3.0 with a 3.5 in major coursework.

General Notes

An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Salary Range

$82,000-$129,996

Working Conditions
Standard office conditions.
Repetitive use of keyboard.
Use of manual dexterity.
Some weekend, evening and holiday work.
Possible interstate/intrastate travel.
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest that addresses experience with signal processing and/or automation algorithm development, Matlab, and analyzing acoustic/sonar data. Also include if you have every had access to classified information.
Important: You will be prompted to submit your resume in the first step of the online job application process. Then, any additional Required Materials will be uploaded in the My Experience section; you can multi-select the additional files or click the Upload button for each file. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Email all required materials to (see application details) if unable to upload them in the "My Experience" section of your workday application. Please reference the posting number in the subject line of the e-mail and on any attachments or subsequent correspondence. This position can close after 7 days from date opened.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The universitys company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.
