Data Scientist Level I

We are seeking a Data Scientist Level I (DSLI) who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

This role is remote with light travel (<25%) possible.

Wambi is a fast-growing healthcare SaaS company that has experienced 400% growth in 2018 and is already scheduled to hit 1000% growth in 2019. Our mission is bringing compassion to the forefront of human experience through leveraging real-time patient/family feedback and gamification in a state-of-the-art platform already being used by some of the nation’s largest health systems. You will join an organization with a high-energy, mission-driven, diverse, and passionate team with a very powerful SaaS based platform that has already been able to prove itself in the market.

Responsibilities include:

Collaborate with Architect, Data Analysts, and different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Develop a deep understanding of platform data and create/facilitate company strategy around data.

Maintain data quality and integrity.

Data entry, cleansing, and transforming.

Help desk ticket intake.

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.

Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Required Expertise & Experience:

Deep understanding and interest in mathematics, statistics, and basic computer science.

Experience in data models and reporting packages

Ability to analyze large datasets

Ability to write comprehensive reports

Strong verbal and written communication skills

An analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving and attention to detail

Data modeling, analysis and manipulation experience

Knowledge of and experience using project management tools – Assembla, Jira, Basecamp, etc.

Experience using statistical computer languages like Python to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Maintain knowledge of data trends and technology landscape with a drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

Believes in what we are doing at Wambi, and why we do it!

SaaS experience a plus

Healthcare industry experience a plus Experience working in a 100% remote environment a plus

Founder, Alex Coren created Wambi out of an unyielding need to bring human connection back to the center of patient care. Both personally and professionally, Alex spent time immersed in hospital settings, where care providers were rarely appreciated. It became apparent that this was leading to high burnout rates, and strongly affecting the quality of their care. To address this Alex leveraged technology to recognize and reward care providers in real-time with feedback obtained directly through the eyes of patients and their families. With her passion for technology, and commitment to compassion, Alex has been able to grow Wambi into the thriving startup that it is today.

Founded in 2016, Wambi, delivers a patient-driven healthcare employee performance and reward platform aimed at recognizing and empowering compassionate care. Through its gamified digital platform informed by real-time patient feedback, care providers are armed with their individual data as a means to promote autonomy and inspire behavioral change. Visit us atwww.wambi.org.

Wambi is about human connections. We are new and fresh, and we believe fun in the workplace is essential. We are not bogged down by the way things were done in the past, but rather are motivated to co-create a new normal. We are the nexus where tech, gratitude and human kindness meet. We are driven by a collective vision for a more compassionate and connected society. We believe in the power of moments and of humans being able to rise above all odds and achieve super human heights. We view feedback as the fuel for interpersonal growth and are always striving to achieve the highest versions of ourselves and to lift others up along the way. Our five values are the essence of who we are:

Compassion

Imagination

Gratitude

Fearlessness

Joy

We are currently seeking driven, organized, and charismatic individuals to join us on our mission to bring compassion to the forefront of human experience.

Wambi is committed to equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, genetic information, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions, age, disability status, uniform service member status; or any other class protected under federal, state, or local law.
