We are currently seeking a Machine Learning Data Scientist in Albany, OR to work onsite at the US-DOE operated National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL).

Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

JOB SUMMARY

An experienced Data Scientist will participate in studies relating to the development data, workflow, and machine learning algorithm design. This work will involve multidisciplinary team participation alongside data scientists, engineers, geologists and computer scientists to help develop next-generation tools to understand offshore subsurface properties, hazards, and priorities of the DOE Fossil Energy mission space. In addition, this position may provide technical data development support for research in the Carbon Storage and Critical Minerals areas.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES

Designing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms that incorporate data from scientific research related to energy.

Creating, interpreting and manipulating deep learning models.

Developing Natural Language Processing algorithms related to energy science.

Collaborate with geologists and other science researchers to assist each other in accomplishing project-related tasks.

Builds relationships with internal and external clients.

Creates and delivers oral and poster presentations of results.

THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS MUST BE MET TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:

The candidate must have a BS or MS in Computer Science or a related discipline.

The candidate should have a minimum of 2 years' experience in data science research..

Candidates should have strong oral and written communication skills with ability to represent Battelle or its clients at conferences or public forums or contribute to technical reports and scientific journals.

Evidence of innovation in machine learning approaches in machine learning systems and data development.

Experience designing unsupervised machine learning algorithms using big data sets..

Experience developing NLP algorithms for developing unstructured data.

THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED, BUT NOT REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:

Experience in software development, testing, and deployment

Experience assembling large scientific datasets

Experience using R, Python, Java, or other programming languages.

Experience with TensorFlow, Keras, SpaCy, Gensim, Word2Vec, pyTorch, or other Machine Learning and / or Natural Language Processing Tools.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
