Job Description
AuSuM Systems is a global leader in premium audit and risk management systems and the developer of Premium Audit Manager (PAM) and Survey and Risk Assessment (SaRA), some of the first fully supported solutions to allow insurance providers to automate their entire premium audit and loss control processes. These applications combine a state-of-the-art tracking system with a fully featured reporting engine to better mine and statistically analyze data to make more informed business decision. We are seeking to hire a data scientist that matches all of the qualifications below, as well as strong communication skills. This is a remote / work at home job listing so you must be team oriented and self-motivated.

Qualifications:
Masters, PHD in Data Science, Mathematics, Operational research or related field with emphasis on AI and Azure ML
5+ years of hands-on experience with data science, big data experience and analytics in a business context.
Experience in Natural Language Processing
Experience with product and service big data telemetry systems
Significant experience in Data Science and Machine Learnings with a strong proven track record in delivering positive business impact
Strong knowledge in applied statistics and mathematics
Significant experience of analytical programming languages such as R and/or Python.
Familiarity with Deep Learning frameworks like PyTourch, Tensorflow, and CNTK
Enjoy discovering and solving problems; proactively seeking clarification of requirements and direction; being a self-starter who takes responsibility when required.
Strong interpersonal, verbal, visual and presentation skills, ability to communicate complex findings in a simple manner to executives
Ability to work collaboratively across multiple business and engineering teams
A willingness to learn, share, and improve.
Benefits:
Full-Time Work From Home Position (AuSuM will provide the necessary items for your home office.)
Medical and Dental, Insurance Available
401k Plans with Company Matching Contributions
3 Weeks (15 Days) Paid Time Off Annually
Paid Holidays
*Your suitability for employment is contingent upon successfully passing these required pre-employment screenings: At a minimum, a 7-year background check, education verification, employment verification, confidentiality agreement, and drug screening will be conducted.

About AuSuM Systems:

AuSuM Systems is a global leader in premium audit and risk management systems and the developer of Premium Audit Manager (PAM) and Survey and Risk Assessment (SaRA), some of the first fully supported solutions to allow insurance providers to automate their entire premium audit and loss control processes. These applications combine a state-of-the-art tracking system with a fully featured reporting engine to better mine and statistically analyze data to make more informed business decision.
Company Description
Please visit our website at https://www.ausum.net to learn more about our company.
