Job Description
Data Scientist

About Katabat

Founded in 2006, Katabat is a leading provider of customer experience management solutions to lenders in the US, Europe, and Australia. The company is privately owned with a management team of industry veterans and has grown to be a dominant player in this industry segment.

Katabat is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware with offices in London and Sydney. With substantial growth and transformation expected over the next 2-3 years, the company is looking to recruit a qualified Solutions Engineer. We’re looking for a highly organized and efficient professional who can wear multiple hats throughout the workday while prioritizing the most important tasks on his or her list.

Why make a career move to Katabat

If you have always had vision and drive to build a successful business, Katabat is ready for you. This is your opportunity to be part of a successful SaaS firm that is at a key point in its growth trajectory.

You will enjoy the freedom and rewards of winning in an entrepreneurial culture with a group of sales leaders, software developers and product managers who are respected industry experts.

Don’t stay on the sidelines and let the opportunity to accelerate the growth and success of Katabat pass you by.

Position Summary

Apply advanced analytical methods to solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and notations. Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Katabat data structures and metrics. Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, and experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Skills and Qualifications
1-year experience in researching machine learning problems
Handling large datasets and conducting advanced data analysis.
Knowledge of stochastic differential equations.
Proficiency in using Python, MATLAB, C/C++, as well as machine learning models including LightGBM, Neural Network, Naive Bayes, Gaussian Mixture Model, and HMM.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree in Mathematics
Powered by JazzHR
