The Senior Regulatory Data Scientist serves as a dedicated data analyst working on new and ongoing data analysis initiatives within the Market Regulation department. The candidate will be responsible for analyzing order, trade, position, and case data from Market Regulation's data warehouses and developing working solutions to augment and extend the department's analytical capabilities. The Regulatory Data Scientist plays an important role in all phases of Market Regulation's system development and will assist in the design and specification of new regulatory data analysis solutions. The candidate will be expected to become a subject matter expert with regard to trading, regulatory data, and the application of analytical concepts and visualizations for the purposes of identifying order messaging and trading patterns and ensuring regulatory systems provide effective and efficient data analysis tools. Primary Responsibilities: Analyzing complex business and data analysis issues, identifying and proposing effective solutions and developing new, creative analytical methods and processes to mine Market Regulation's regulatory data warehouses. Developing bespoke regulatory data analysis reports and functioning analytical solutions based on staff requests using a combination of complex SQL, Tableau, and technologies such as Python, R, and Q. Working closely with business users to elicit, define, and document detailed business requirements and data analysis specifications that fully capture business processes and accurately define required functionality. Performing thorough functional testing of regulatory applications to ensure the implementation of accurate and defect free applications and algorithms that adhere to the defined requirements. Facilitating effective communication across all levels within the Market Regulation department and throughout the organization with regard to regulatory system's functionality and data. Providing necessary post-implementation support and training to department staff for IT projects and analytical tools. Creating and implementing new data visualizations using Tableau. Managing multiple concurrent analysis efforts with business and IT teams to ensure on-time delivery of regulatory systems and initiatives. Applying and supporting vendor applications and proprietary tools used by department staff to ensure data is complete and accurate and users are able to maximize the utility and functionality provided by these systems. Establishing constructive relationships with the IT development team to ensure deep understanding of functional requirements and business processes that affect coding and data modelling decisions. Qualifications: Required: Master's degree in computer science, mathematics, data analytics, statistics, informatics, economics, or similar concentration required. Programming experience and a strong understanding of SQL and database concepts. At least two-years of experience in data science, data analytics, or a related field. Demonstrable experience with programming languages, such as R, Python, Perl, or Q. Experience with cloud and big data technologies, such as Hadoop, Hive, and Spark. Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to quickly learn, understand, and apply business and technology concepts. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proficiency with Microsoft Office, particularly Microsoft Excel Ability to work with individuals at all levels both within and outside the organization.
