Will work in and lead teams as technical domain expert addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in a commercial technology and consultancy development environment. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets. Will be part of a data science or cross-disciplinary team on commercially facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert including third party partners. Major Responsibilities: Advance team's capability to bring vision to life, support roadmap development and prioritization, which may include items like a strategic KPI framework, customer portfolio optimization and planning, strategic site analysis (segments and pathing), measurement and attribution, AI platform evaluation and journey analytics Continuously innovate by staying abreast of and bringing recommendations on the latest tools and techniques (and evaluate options) associated with consumer personalization, AI/Machine learning, real time decisioning, and digital analytics. Iterate quickly in an agile development process. Support projects from start to finish & produce data-driven results with appropriate techniques to answer key business questions Use machine learning and predictive modeling to develop data driven solutions that drive substantial business value in key PAC product areas. Program and support analytic solutions to improve and optimize business performance and minimize risk. Program and support machine learning algorithms for model training and deployment. Knowledge/Skill Requirements: Understands department's mission and vision and the ability to execute on that vision Able to define the correct data, analysis and interpretation to achieve complex design and marketing initiatives. Experience with cloud solutions for products and services. Experience with designing, building and managing large scale ML and analytics platforms Proven technical ability with a variety of tools including SQL, Python and R. Commanding knowledge of statistics and or machine learning techniques. Applications in the game industry a plus. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques suitable for analysis of highly skewed populations Proven experience in predictive analytics, segmentation, experimental design and related areas Experience designing, deploying and maintaining cloud based big data technology stacks (Amazon Redshift experience preferred) Experience with traditional Business Intelligence relational database modeling, tools and processes Familiarity with the design and implementation of data telemetry systems Education/Experience Requirements: BS in Statistics, Operations Research, Economics or similar degree with a focus on statistical methodology 7 years+ experience in data science and analytics environment; should include experience in consumer/CRM analytics methods, measurement, attribution, test planning and rapid testing, strong knowledge of media analytics and addressable media measurement and testing, digital analytics, some B2B2C experience or knowledge, omni-channel life-cycle marketing orientation Additional Requirements: Strong communication and collaboration skills with ability to build consensus and drive cross-functional teams forward to execution against project goals and timelines Experience with statistical modeling, machine learning, digital analytics, media analytics. In depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, predictive modeling, statistical analysis, machine learning, and technologies like Python, R and Hadoop. Or equivalent experience. Experience with time-series models Bayesian modeling, Generalized Linear Models and/or Limited Dependent Variables Expertise with R, SAS, Python, Hadoop, DMPs, and digital platforms Proven ability to design and code new algorithms from scratch
