About Unlearn

Clinical trials are risky and can dramatically extend the time needed to fully develop a new therapy. This profound problem has found a paradigm-transforming solution. Unlearn is a science-first company that has created the first machine learning platform for populating control arms with perfectly matched Digital Twins.

Intelligent Control Arms expedite patient recruitment, increase study power, and provide patient-level treatment response information. It's about increasing confidence in trial results. It's about bringing new medicines to patients faster.

It's about time.

Your role at Unlearn

Do you enjoy using software and data to solve problems?

Unlearn.AI pioneers computational methods to help patients get life-saving therapies more quickly. As an early employee at Unlearn, you will have the opportunity to shape the future of how data are used in clinical science and build a world-class team of computational scientists.

Day-to-day work will include:
Using clinical data to build datasets and machine learning models of disease progression using our powerful, proprietary software tools.
Analyzing data from clinical trials and machine learning models to quantify and improve model performance.
Collaborating with internal and external scientists.
Your qualifications

You are an entrepreneurial scientist who wants to build a new, computationally-focused approach to important problems in healthcare.

You'll likely have:
Experience and ease with python and software development
Experience with basic concepts in statistics and machine learning
A desire to become a key contributor in a software stack driven by machine learning and data science
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
The flexibility and adaptability necessary to be an early employee at an ambitious startup
Ability to work in our downtown San Francisco office
Compensation & benefits

Unlearn offers compensation commensurate with experience as well as a competitive benefits package, including:
Generous equity participation.
Unlimited PTO plus company holidays.
Annual company-wide shutdown between Christmas and New Years holidays.
Professional development budget to attend conferences or other events.
401k plan with generous matching.
Company-subsidized medical, dental, & vision insurance plans.
Commuter benefits plan.
Unlearn is not currently offering visa sponsorships for any position. Please only apply if authorized to work in the U.S.
