The Senior Data Scientist position exists to support our Product, Vertical, and Sales teams with insights gained from analyzing LexisNexis' vast number of data sources. High level experience with AI/ML methodologies on large data sets to meet the business need for new product development, which include, but are not limited to, performing data normalization, trending and forecasting, statistical/predictive modeling, network analysis, text mining, natural language processing and image recognition. Will work on multiple projects concurrently, will self-manage projects with no direct supervision, and may be asked train/mentor/supervise others. Will gain deep domain expertise in the lines of business, points in the insurance continuum, products, and corresponding data sources. Will present work efforts, results, and conclusions to other analytics associates, our internal customers, and external customers in a manner appropriate to the audience's level of understanding. Will work with stakeholders from across the organization to use data and analytics to improve business outcomes for our customers. Independently or as part of a team, conducts/leads Analytics projects including project planning, execution, supervising tasks of junior analysts, reviewing all code/models/results, and providing critical guidance for use and implementation of all results/conclusion, including assisting with sales support presentations and product demonstrations Follow, develop, and institute AI/ML and coding guidelines, standards, and best practices to be followed by all analysts, including ensuring appropriate documentation, testing, and analysis has been completed and communicated to Vertical, Product, and Operational Teams to support go to market activities. Ability to present all their work efforts, results, and conclusions to other Analytics associates, our internal customers, and external customers in a manner appropriate to the audiences' level of understanding; including providing consultative support, training, and acting as a resource to internal and external modelers and non-modelers. Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently, self-managing projects with no direct supervision as well as training/mentoring/supervising others work. Domain expert in the lines of business, points in the insurance continuum, products, and data sources that they regularly work with including, but not limited to, the basic regulatory, contractual, and legal/compliance constraints as well as sources, update frequencies, and nuances within the data. Qualifications Bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, data science, or other quantitative field (or equivalent years? experience). Master's Degree preferred. 7+ years demonstrated expertise in data manipulation and various AI/ML methodologies, preferably in insurance or financial services. Expert level experience in two or more of the following: R, Python, SAS or equivalent analytic software. Proficient with one or more imperative programming languages, such as C++ and Java, a plus. Experience in one or more visualization applications, such as PowerPoint, Power BI, or Tableau. Experience manipulating and merging multiple large data sets in a distributed computing environment. Advanced oral and written communication skills, including the ability to describe statistical results to non-statistical audiences. May require some travel
