Data Scientist Location: Chelmsford, MA Resuscitation < Back to Search APPLY NOW Overview ZOLL Medical is a growing, innovation-driven company on the forefront of delivering medical devices to save lives. With customers in more than 140 countries, we continue to expand our reach as well as our product offerings. Hospitals, emergency medical services (EMS), and others trust us to provide high-quality products and exceptional customer service. ZOLL products are used every day across the globe to save the lives of people who suffer sudden cardiac arrest. From Real CPR Help® technology—an industry first—to the world's only wearable defibrillator, our capabilities and features set us apart. As a member of our Scientific Affairs organization for the Resuscitation business, the successful candidate will develop and implement strategies for managing clinical and scientific data that advance the practice of resuscitation. We are looking for a highly driven scientist with a passion for data management and a commitment to creating new solutions that fulfil our customers' needs. We offer the opportunity to work in a collaborative small-team environment where your opportunity to contribute is great. Join our team of talented scientists and engineers to help create innovations that save lives! As a data scientist on our highly innovative scientific affairs team, the successful candidate will be responsible for designing, implementing, and managing databases of clinical and scientific data. Additionally, the candidate will develop tools for data extraction, annotation, reporting and analysis. The data scientist will work collaboratively with a skilled team of research scientists, advanced development engineers, and clinical research professionals. The candidate will importantly contribute to the development of life-saving technologies as well as the advancement of resuscitation science. WILL CONSIDER OUT OF STATE APPLICANTS Responsibilities Develop strategies for clinical and scientific data and information storage and mining Comprehensively document and report strategies and database designs Implement databases utilizing state-of-the art tools and technologies Serve as database administrator; manage access to databases and use of data Develop software applications for data extraction, annotation, reporting, and analysis Collaborate with scientists and engineers to conduct research and product development including clinical studies Collaborate with other divisions within ZOLL to share ideas and develop best practices Qualifications In-depth technical knowledge in the development and management of relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc. Working knowledge of SQL Proficient in scripting languages (Python desirable) for data extraction and processing Working knowledge of XML, JSON, and other common data file structures Working knowledge of Linux and system administration Knowledge about cloud computing technologies such as AWS, Azure is a plus Experience with WebSocket protocol and RESTful API is desirable Proficient in MS Office suite applications Working knowledge of MS Windows file sharing and access controls Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills Attention to detail and commitment to delivering a high-quality work product Ability to prioritize and work on multiple projects concurrently Strong critical-thinking and problem-solving skills Ability to work collaboratively within a team Required/Preferred Education and Experience: M.S. degree in computer information systems, computer science, or biomedical engineering with an emphasis in information management with at least three years of experience or Ph.D. degree in comparable disciplines. Medical research experience preferred including understanding of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Experience analyzing physiological signals preferred
