Location: PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

Job Posting Title:

System Test Engineering Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Develop, automate, and execute a test suite for high level software and embedded systems. Emphasis on structuring the suite for repeatability and efficiency with ongoing enhancements and refinements over repeated release cycles.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Assist in the definition, development, and implementation of test programs and processes.
Assist in the development, and implementation of automating test program and processes.
Generate and execute test cases.
Preparation of test reports to ARL and sponsor personnel.
Participate in project and requirement reviews. Provide technical interface to sponsors and other external organizations. Identify software and hardware resource requirements.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering or other relevant technical degree and three years related experience including software and/or system test development and execution; and various testing activities including test design, documentation, risk analysis, test automation, test results and reporting. Evidence of skills in the following areas: working with new technologies, being highly organized, planning and coordinating multiple tasks, effective time management, attention to detail, effective problem solving skills, using excellent judgment, working independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintaining a professional demeanor, working as a team member without daily supervision, effectively communicating with diverse groups of clients, working under pressure, accepting supervision and demonstrating regular/punctual attendance.

US Citizen: Subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications

Seven or more years full time direct experience with system software testing or software development experience. Experience building and maintaining an automated test suite. Demonstrated ability in Python, C++, or other object oriented software development. Scripting with Python and bash. Experience testing with large data sets. Experience mentoring or educating less experienced members of the team. Experience with varied test techniques, such as TDD, BDD, Exploratory, and Context-Driven, etc. Work experience with software configuration management processes, e.g. CVS, Perforce, Git. Use of a test automation framework such as Robot Framework or Selenium. Excellent written and verbal communication skills within a team environment including software developers. Experience with embedded system design and/or testing. Experience with hardware black box testing. Experience with signal quality testing. Previous or current eligibility for access to classified information. Knowledge of TWiki/Foswiki. Experience with Linux/Unix as a work environment. Additional related coursework. Cumulative GPA of 3.0 with a 3.5 in major coursework.

General Notes

An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Please mark "yes" on the application question that asks if additional materials are required. Failure to attach all additional materials listed below may result in a delay in application processing.

Driving Required

This job requires a class "C" operator's driver's license. The applicant selected must provide a current three year driving record from the current state of residence. If not currently a Texas resident, a Texas driver's license must be obtained within 30 days of becoming a Texas resident. Employees who are required to have a CDL are subject to drug and alcohol testing (pre-employment, post-accident, reasonable suspicion, random, return-to-duty, and follow-up drug and alcohol testing).

Salary Range

$82,000-$129,000+/negotiable depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
Standard office conditions
Use of manual dexterity
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Some evening, weekend, holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Unofficial college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The universitys company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.
