Hi All, We are looking for Data Engineers Data Scientist to join our premium Financial client in Richmond, VA. The role will be remote till October end due to COVID19. Its an 6 months of CTH role and the Hiring managers are starting this Project soon. Please see below Job Description with Responsibilities and Skills Hiring manager is focusing on Develop sustainable data driven solutions with current new gen data technologies to meet the needs of our organization and business customers. Apply domain driven design practices to build out data applications. Experience in building out conceptual and logical models. Build out data consumption views and provisioning self-service reporting needs via demonstrated dimensional modeling skills. Measuring data quality and making improvements to data standards, helping application teams to publish data in the correct format so it becomes easy for downstream consumption. Big Data applications using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Scala and Kafka on AWS and Cloud based data warehousing services such as Snowflake. Build pipelines to enable features to be provisioned for machine learning models. Familiar with data science model building concepts as well as consuming and from data lake. Basic Qualifications At least 5 years of experience with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) At least 5 years of experience working on a big data platform At least 3 years of experience working with unstructured datasets At least 3 years of experience developing microservices Python, Java, or Scala At least 1 year of experience building data pipelines, CICD pipelines, and fit for purpose data stores At least 1 year of experience in cloud technologies AWS, Docker, Ansible, or Terraform At least 1 year of Agile experience At least 1 year of experience with a streaming data platform including Apache Kafka and Spark Preferred Qualifications 5+ years of data modeling and data engineering skills 3+ years of micro services architecture RESTful web service frameworks 3+ years of experience with JSON, Parquet, or Avro formats 2+ years of creating data quality dashboards establishing data standards 2+ yearsrsquo experience in RDS, NOSQL or Graph Databases 2+ years of experience working with AWS platforms, services, and component technologies, including S3, RDS and Amazon EMR Interested applicants can send me your resume to Shivani.KanodiaDisys.com.
