HCL Technologies is a next-generation global technology company that helps enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital age. Our technology products, services and engineering are built on four decades of innovation, with a world-renowned management philosophy, a strong culture of invention and risk-taking, and a relentless focus on customer relationships. With a worldwide network of RD, innovation labs and delivery centers, and 150,000+ lsquoIdeapreneursrsquo working in 46 countries, HCL serves leading enterprises across key industries, including 250 of the Fortune 500 and 650 of the Global 2000. Our California based technical team is looking to hire a Data Scientist for a Full time position based in San Jose, CA No of Position 1 Location San Jose CA Position Type Full time Job Title Data Scientist Description Responsibilities Contribute to development on multiple workstreams projects programs simultaneously. Work with product lead, eng lead and program manager to understand businessfunctional requirements and roadmaptimeline for delivery. Develop data model, pipelines and reportsdashboards per requirements and project plan. Plan and execute test plans and test cases. Participate in project team meetings. Proactively communicate status of development, raiseescalate issueschallenges as they arise. Required Skills Expert-level data science, data modelling, data pipeline skills. Solid understanding of data management concepts - data processing, analytics, machine learning and visualization. Experience with Data Manipulation using PythonPyspark Experience with JupyterCOLAB using Python libraries such as Pandas, Sklearn, NLTK, Gensim Interested in Text analytics, Natural Language processing, Classification and Clustering Significant experience creating clean, insightful dashboards for executives and non-technical audiences, using Tableau, Microstrategy, Qlik or similar products. Eye for product excellence - developing low-latency, reliable reportspipelines designing with data visualization best practices. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to organize, prioritize and plan their own work, while aligning with projectprogram priorities and changes to priorities. Ability to work with a diverse team of engineers analysts, across locations, and on multiple programs simultaneously.
