Summary  
As the Data Scientist on the Experience Research Team you will bring the power of our data to our team. 
The analytics you deliver will strategically advance how Client ideates, builds, measures, and improves its own products. 
You will use your quantitative skills to analyze disparate user data sources (e.g., NPS, Social Media, Behavioral data, Product feedback, User reported data) to present comprehensive views of user experience. 
&nbsp; 
 What Success Looks Like in the Role  
You inspire those around you to be obsessed with data and the stories you can tell. You love turning data into insights. You thrive when people take-action on the insights you provide. You work effectively cross-team and you understand the importance of building strong relationships and earning trust and credibility. You have successfully helped this organization harness the power to tell our own stories with our own data. 
Ideal years of Experience: 3-5 years 
&nbsp; 
 Responsibilities  
Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse &ldquo;big data&rdquo; sources to generate actionable insights and solutions to support our own programs. 
Interacts with product and teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. 
Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. 
Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments. 
Be an internal leader in basic statistics including descriptive statistics, correlation and regression. 
&nbsp; 
 Must have skillsets:   
3+ years work experience 
Strong quantitative analytical skills; with statistical analysis competence in techniques such as correlation, regression, KPI metric development, segmentation modeling and algorithms 
Fluent in either Python or R, able to query data using SQL, has experience working with cloud based computing platforms and big data tools. 
Experience in data mining, advanced data manipulation, machine learning and statistical analysis. 
Experience with data visualization and communication projects using software like Tableau 
Strong verbal and written communication skills to present analysis and insights including trends and opportunities to stakeholders and the business 
Believes in eating one's own dog food and using that experience to drive the creation of exceptional customer facing products 
High standard of detail, excellence, professionalism, and role model behavior 
Master&rsquo;s Degree in Business Analytics, Data Analytics, or Data Science, with a BA/BS in Economics, Finance, Management, Marketing or Social Science  
&nbsp; 
 Location:  San Francisco, Ca 
 Duration:  6-12+ months, may convert to fulltime.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94119 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
