About US:

Our name is an invitation to engage your senses. As the world’s leading flavor and fragrances company, we unveil the tastes and scents that suit you best, and that you love most. We bring them to you every day, everywhere in every way. Stirring emotions, awakening memories, enhancing your senses. Expanding your taste and scent experiences, enriching your world. Enjoy the essence, express yourself.

Applications Scientist – Sweet Goods - Your Future Position?

To have the Word "Flavors" in Givaudan Flavors, we recognize this word contains a lot of meanings. Flavor creation and application (FC&A) is a combination of art and science, intimately bound with human psychologies and cultures. Our flavor creation and application team is the foundation and creative force of the flavors business, whom develop creative new food product concepts, evaluate new flavor profiles and delivery technologies and most importantly, assist our Account Managers in winning new business.

We are recruiting for a Flavor Scientist for our Sweet Goods Applications group in Cincinnati, OH. On this role you will perform daily brief-related tasks and apply knowledge during the flavor selection, evaluation and application development. Be the technical expert and advisor to marketing, sales, flavor creation, and customers for specific Sweet Goods applications.

You will report to the Technical Director Sweet Goods & Dairy.

About the role:
Showcase your Technical Expertise: Lead evaluations of flavors in applications for briefs, research projects and portfolio evaluations. Select flavors for projects according to specified requirements (i.e. customer, regulatory, legislation, costs) and suggest improvements for the most common applications. Identify appropriate flavor delivery systems and technologies for customer projects in specific applications.
Maintain relationships: With a limited number of customers, gain their trust and respect. Maintain the flavor performance data for the flavor portfolio through evaluation in finished product and capture of profiles. Coach, train and motivate technicians and technologists.
Manage Organizational Effectiveness: Maintain a safe, clean and organized lab environment following EH&S policies and hold others accountable for following these guidelines. Manage projects on large development projects.
You have:
Polytechnic or B.S. in Food Science, Chemistry, Biology and 4+ years of experience in a food applications lab, CPG product development, production, or related area
Masters Degree in Food Science, Chemistry, Biology, and 2+ years of experience in a food applications lab, CPG product development, production, or related area
Ph.D. in Food Science, Food Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Biology and about 1 year experience in a food applications lab, CPG product development, production, or related area
Project management skills and lead selected customer projects
We offer:
Comprehensive healthcare plans
PTO and family leave
Retirement plans
