Are you performance-driven and want your impact to actually matter? Do you want to personally grow and use that expertise to transform your company, industry and the world itself? Do you want to be part of a family that works and plays together; that believes anything is possible and then goes after it?

At goTRG we are designing next generation applications/Software and robotics to achieve more with less.

goTRG is:
Re-defining basic business functions like warehouse management and resource planning
Pioneering new omnichannel e-commerce breakthroughs
Inventing innovative robotics and automation tools
Using our technology to help our partners achieve greater profitability, and reduce their environmental footprint
goTRG has doubled sales in the last three years, we are now ramping up for serious growth. We are looking for valued and passionate associates in every functional area.

Position: Data Scientist

Department: Product Development

Reports to: Director of BI

Position Summary:

The successful incumbent will conduct exploratory analysis, build prototype models to generate insights and then execute these models in production as an integrated part of the company's software systems. The successful candidate will be someone who can transform research and insights into real business value via scale-able production algorithms and applications.

The algorithms and tools you build will provide users with the information they need to make proper decisions and automate processes across the company.

Responsibilities:
Build models to estimate the expected value and demand of products available for sale
Build decision engine applications that simulate supply chain activities and select the path of highest profitability
Participate in the development of sophisticated data collection and synthesis algorithms
Implement all the above in a way that is scalable, enterprise-quality and integrated with other software systems
Build front-end interfaces
Visualize data in way that tells compelling narratives
Requirements
Minimum 5 years experience in a Data Science / similar role
Prototyping languages - Python and R
Java, Scala and C
Hadoop ecosystem
Apache Spark
SQL
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression
Data visualization
Bonus Skills:
Knowledge of web crawling / scraping
HTML/CSS/JavaScript
d3.js and other libraries or frameworks for dynamic data visualization
Experience with web scraping/crawling frameworks
About goTRG

goTRG is a leader in the implementation and execution of multi-channel and supply chain solutions. The company’s innovative R1 technology powers every touch, movement and decision for the world’s largest companies resulting in superior net margins, controls and sell-through.

goTRG has processed and sold 35 million units with a retail value of over $2.3 billion in the last year. 100,000 SKU’s are simultaneously listed on 22 marketplaces with a retail value of over $100 million. R1 has collected and curated data for over 38 million UPC’s from over 50 marketplaces in the last year.
