POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Reaction Biology Corp (RBC), a Malvern PA - based pharmaceutical research company, seeks a scientist with strong experience in enzymology and biochemistry assay development.

The successful candidate will independently plan and execute internal and external research service projects in an accurate, reproducible, and timely manner.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, implement, and execute a wide variety of in vitro assays for enzyme targets.
Screen and characterize small molecule compounds and determine the mode of compound action.
Help to troubleshoot issues that arise in the lab and propose or pursue solutions.
Utilize literature and internal data sets to design and test target modulation hypotheses.
Maintain and further develop new and existing scientific relationships with our clientele by helping to provide a consultative experience.


REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
PhD in biochemistry or related discipline with 2+ years of experience
Experience in steady-state kinetic characterization of enzyme, substrate, and inhibitor mechanisms preferred.
Scientific and technical background in drug discovery, with demonstrated proficiency in assay development, optimization, and screening with small molecules.
Attention to detail, organization skills, and a high degree of scientific integrity are critical
Collaborative and proactive attitude with excellent written and oral communication skills.
Flexibility to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision in a team-orientated environment
The work environment is casual; however, professional behavior, a collaborative attitude, attention to detail, and the ability to meet deadlines are absolute requirements.

Finally, all employees are obligated to meet the highest standards with respect to honesty, accuracy, conflict of interest, intellectual property rights, confidentiality, and respect for information sources and readers.

Reaction Biology Corporation (RBC), located in Malvern, PA, is a contract biomedical research organization (CRO) with proprietary technology. Benefits include health insurance, 401-K plan, stock options, and paid vacations. RBC is an equal opportunity employer.
