Job Posting Title:

Algorithm Design and Analysis Engineering Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Conduct and manage applied research and development programs in disciplines such as signal processing, statistical modeling, machine learning, information fusion, and target tracking to support defense-related applications.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Conduct analysis, modeling, and algorithm development in various disciplines such as signal processing, statistical modeling, machine learning, information fusion, and target tracking.
Manage research projects and support business development
Prototype scientific algorithms for proof of concept, validation, and software implementation. Support performance evaluations and the transition of algorithms into next-generation demonstration and production systems.
Convey the results of scientific research to sponsors and the scientific community through briefings, conferences and peer-reviewed publications.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications


Bachelor's degree in physics, math, computer or information sciences, engineering, operations research, or related technical area and at least three years of relevant basic or applied research experience. Demonstrated ability in scientific algorithm development and/or scientific modeling and data analysis. Demonstrated ability with MATLAB or similar abstract language. Applicant must have a dynamic skill set, be willing to work with new technologies, be highly organized and capable of planning and coordinating multiple tasks. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving skills and excellent judgment. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without daily supervision and effectively communicate with diverse groups of clients. Able to work under pressure and accept supervision. Regular and punctual attendance.

US Citizen. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications


Masters or Ph.D. degree in physics, math, computer or information sciences, engineering, operations research, or related technical area. Four or more years of MATLAB, Python, or C++ development, scientific algorithm development, modeling and simulation, and/or scientific data analysis experience. Additional experience in the areas mentioned in the required qualifications. Experience with physical modeling, acoustics, signal processing and/or sonar; detection, localization, tracking and classification algorithms and applications; applied mathematics, machine learning, uncertainty modeling and/or statistics; developing in a Linux environment; high-performance, GPU, or cloud-computing experience. Proven ability to work independently, formulate research questions, and take initiative. Proven ability to manage research projects. Proven ability in proposal writing and business development. Two or more years of prior DoD-related work experience. Eligibility for immediate access to classified information. Cumulative GPA of 3.0.

General Notes


An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Please mark "yes" on the application question that asks if additional materials are required. Failure to attach all additional materials listed below may result in a delay in application processing.

Salary Range


$82,000-$129,996+/negotiable depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
Standard office conditions
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Use of manual dexterity
Some weekend, evening and holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Unofficial college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.
