GEICO’s Data Science team uses predictive analytics and innovative machine learning models to create value from data. We solve problems across GEICO, from Marketing to Claims and Underwriting, and are responsible for developing and driving strategic modeling initiatives. We see our projects through the entire data science lifecycle, from problem definition to data exploration, data munging, modeling, analysis, and deployment into production systems. We maintain a close partnership with IT to ensure that our models can be deployed quickly and monitored in a flexible deployment framework.

As a Data Scientist, you will be a member of this diverse and highly skilled team. On any given day, you may be exploring new data sets with a business or IT partner, learning the intricacies of a business process, building models, or coordinating the productionalization of a model. You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers, and Hadoop). You’ll work in a highly collaborative, team environment where you will quickly develop wide ranging exposure to new methods and best practices for conducting data science in a commercial environment.

Expected Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline, such as statistics, data science, computer science, mathematics, engineering, physics, etc. Advanced degree strongly preferred
2 years of combined academic/industry experience with predictive modeling, machine learning, advanced analytics
Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted ensembles, neural networks, deep learning, etc.
Strong coding skills using common data science tools, such as Python (strongly preferred), R, Linux/Unix command line and shell scripting, etc.
Strong skills in data processing using SQL, Hive, Impala, Spark, or equivalent querying language
Familiarity with distributed storage and big data computing technology (AWS, Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
Excellent communication skills
Passion for extracting hidden insights and building machine learning systems that enhance business outcomes
About GEICO

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply

Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.
#LI-JW1
