JOB DUTIES:Senior Data Scientist for Ecolab, Inc. at its facility in Naperville, IL. Actively engage with internal business stakeholders to understand business challenges and deliver robust, data driven solutions. Integrate inputs from subject matter experts with statistical, mathematical, predictive modeling and business analysis skills to manage and manipulate complex high-volume data from a variety of sources. Validate proof of concept (POCs) by analyzing organizational data and present insights to determine the potential to be taken up as a full-scale funded analytics project. Collaborate closely with Business Partners/Analysts, Data Engineers, System Administrators and other Data Scientists to develop and integrate innovative AI/ML models into useable data products and services. Leverage open source tools like Python along with Microsoft Azure cloud based big data/AI environments to implement scalable predictive/prescriptive models. Present the results of your work to all levels within the organization, offering actionable real-time insights that have a measurable and ongoing impact on business. Partner with customers and leading digital companies to leverage cutting edge technology (machine learning, streaming analytics and real big data) to creatively solve problems and disrupt existing business models.

REQUIREMENTS: Masters degree in Data Science, Business Analytics, Math, Statistics or related field with an emphasis on analytics and four (4) years of experience working and participating on a cross functional project team, from inception to delivery. Experience must also include two (2) years of post-bachelors progressive experience in all of the following: Deliver data-driven solutions by applying problem-solving and analytics to business challenges; Articulate & present complex mathematical solutions in a simple manner that most will understand; Use statistics/analytics/visualization tools, including Microsoft Azure Suite, Azure ML, PowerBI, Python and SQL; Manipulate complex high-volume data from a variety of sources using statistical, mathematical, predictive modeling and business analysis.

EX: OUT

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
