About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.
