Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

This position will report to the Group CTO and be part of the technology office staff. You will be supporting an internal big data analytics application that will be hosted on a cloud platform. You will have prior experience working in an agile/DevOps environment. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the newest technologies, transformative projects, and play a strong role in shaping the innovation agenda across the company.

Essential Job Duties:
Provide database design, development and implementation support
Participate in daily scrum meetings and support development team
Work with customers and team members in an Agile development environment
Follow Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) best practices for code build and deployments
Develop PL/SQL, stored procedures, ETL scrips to support this analytics application
Document database design and develop optimum data ingest techniques from multiple data sources
Minimum Requirements:
Minimum Requirements: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, IT or related field & minimum 5-7 years of QA experience
Minimum experience of 5 years with relational databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, Sybase, RedShift
Minimum 3+ years of experience with ETL technologies
Additional skills:

Experience using Jira, Git, Confluence, Knowledge and understanding of big data technologies like Hadoop, Hive, etc., Ability to handle stress and work well under pressure, Ability to use MS Office, Experience with cloud technologies, Analytical and Critical Thinking Skills, Interpersonal and People Skills, Leadership Skills, Listening Skills, Multitasking Ability, Oral and Written Communication Skills, Organizational Skills

ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
