*Our company:
*Conagen Inc. is a leader in cutting-edge bio-manufacturing. We engineer organisms to produce high-value molecules that are essential to our well-being. Our focus is on food, nutrition, pharmaceuticals, and renewable materials. We employ the latest synthetic biology tools to design metabolic pathways and produce safe and high-quality products. Science and innovation are the driving forces of our mission. We believe in a green future.
Location: Bedford, MA
Job Type: Full-time
Compensation: Commensurate with skills and experience
Job Description Overview:
We are currently seeking a scientist/research associate to support projects related to the identification and functional characterization of metabolic enzymes for metabolic pathway engineering projects. The candidate is expected to have a strong background in molecular biology, biochemistry, microbiology, metabolic engineering, and other related disciplines. Strong technical, organizational, and communication skills, as well as the ability to develop creative solutions to challenging problems, are essential.
Responsibility:
Routinely perform molecular biology techniques such as primer design, PCR, DNA and RNA extraction, DNA mutagenesis, DNA cloning, plasmid mini-prep, DNA and protein sequence analysis, cell transformation, cell culture, and other more advanced molecular biology techniques in support of metabolic engineering research projects.
Utilize sequence analysis software such as Geneious Primer and other basic bioinformatics tools.
Perform experiments for enzymatic activity testing including express proteins in E. coli and yeast, recombinant proteins purification; analyze expressed proteins by SDS-PAGE and/or Western Blot and in vitro/in vivo enzymatic assays.
Operate laboratory and experimental equipment such as spectrophotometers, centrifuges, HPLC, FPLC, LC/MS, and GC/MS.
Strain engineering to optimize the production of desired compounds and protein.
Optimize the cultivation condition and assays for strains screening
Work collaboratively with other team members to accomplish project goals and milestones.
Routinely track and document results in laboratory notebooks and databases.
Analyze, summarize, and present experimental results to team leader and other team members.
Qualification:
A Master's degree or a Ph.D. degree in metabolic engineering, chemical engineering, molecular biology, microbiology, biochemistry, or other related fields.
Strong background in metabolic engineering, molecular biology, genetics, protein engineering, and synthetic biology with experience in recombinant DNA technologies, protein analysis, enzymatic assays, and cell transformation.
Experience in the engineering of metabolic pathways in microbial hosts is highly preferred.
Familiarity with analytical techniques for metabolite detection such as spectrophotometers, HPLC, LC/MS, and GC/MS.
Familiarity with diverse software packages for data processing and statistical analysis, primer design and sequence blasting and alignment.
Must be highly motivated and able to work independently while also possessing exceptional communication and teamwork skills.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer – and celebrate our employees’ differences, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
*How to apply:
Cover letters and resumes will be accepted ONLY via email or Indeed.com.
Please do not contact the Company by phone until notified.
This position is not eligible for any type of visa sponsorship.
Job Type: Full-time
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Relocation assistance
