Description

We are seeking a Data Scientist to solve some of our hardest technical challenges. You will work closely with our clients, fellow engineers, deployment strategists, and others across the company to implement projects from start to finish, participating in data discovery, analysis, algorithm development, feature extraction, and delivery of results.

You have a real passion for using dirty, disparate data to optimize business processes, and highlight relevant metrics and insightful stories. You prefer asking the right question as opposed to offering the right answer. You appreciate ambiguity and are comfortable guiding others while obsessing over details.

We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply.

What You'll Do
Explore Data - Understand and identify preliminary signals in the data prior to deep processing. Quickly analyze the dataset to assess its usefulness for machine learning.
Prototype Models ­ Develop features, uncover patterns, and build models.
Explore Techniques - From simple regressions to neural networks, we use a variety of techniques. You'll have the freedom to explore multiple methods to squeeze insights out of data.
Productize Models ­ A pattern is good, but a prescriptive solution is better. Build products that help our customers get the most out of their data and workflows.

Requirements

Masters in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Stats, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.)
5+ years of experience in data science/machine learning roles
3+ years of experience working with geospatial data together with spatial risk/catastrophe modeling and/or environmental modeling
Advanced knowledge of machine learning methods and statistical principles, including experience in Bayesian statistics, anomaly detection, and/or time series forecasting
Well versed in Python or R (and willingness to continue to learn the Python ecosystem)
Proven experience designing and delivering solutions using large, real-world datasets to support business decisions

Benefits

Mission Driven - Some companies use AI to serve better digital ads and trade stocks, we seek to make our communities safer and more resilient.
Top Compensation - Competitive compensation package.
Best in Class Medical Coverage - 100% benefits and premiums paid.
Prime NoHo Location - Our office sits in the heart of NYC's historic NoHo district and is just minutes away from the BDFM and 6 subway lines.
Health Perks - Gym reimbursement and citibike membership.
Strong Culture - collaborative office focused on teamwork, humility, and hustle.
Catered lunch on Thursdays, plus a kitchen filled with snacks and drinks.
We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
