Pacific Biosciences is seeking a Sr. Scientist to join a dynamic team developing next generation DNA sequencing technology. This position is in a fast-paced environment, interacting with R&D and Process Development scientists and engineers from a variety of backgrounds. The selected individual will be working toward the development of new workflows and reagents for the Pacific Biosciences SMRT sequencing system. This will include working across groups to design, plan and execute experiments. The position involves reagent preparation, testing new reagents and protocols to develop and optimize conditions, and performance testing and troubleshooting on commercial as well as prototype instruments. The position primarily involves hands-on laboratory work and data analysis. Presentation of results at both weekly group and weekly department meetings will be required. The individual will share some responsibilities for laboratory and reagent management. Participation in cross-functional and intragroup experiments and/or projects will also be required.

Position Requirements
PhD or equivalent experience in Biophysics, Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Chemistry or related scientific field
Practical understanding of the kinetics of enzymatic reactions
Technical proficiency in general laboratory practices (biochemistry/molecular biology)
Working knowledge of fluorescence and its application
Excellent problem solving/troubleshooting skills
Attention to detail, careful record-keeping, high level of organization, good verbal and written communication skills
Able to manage several projects simultaneously
Self-starter who can operate with minimal supervision
The successful candidate will enjoy working closely with others as a member of an interdisciplinary team
Experience in analysis of large datasets in R or a similar statistical package is preferred
Experience working with complex, prototype instrumentation is desirable
All listed tasks and responsibilities are deemed as essential functions to this position; however, business conditions may require reasonable accommodations for additional tasks and responsibilities.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability, gender identity, and sexual orientation.
