Western
Digital
The next big thing in data is you!

JOB DESCRIPTION SUMMARY:

Digital Analytics Office (DAO) is looking for software engineer to focus on building production ready machine learning analytical solutions. The role is expected to specialize in designing and architecting complex Machine Learning models in production environments. Ideal candidate should be a software engineering expert who would build complex software analytics applications that provide end-to-end architecture, design, development and maintenance of these large scale systems.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design and architect End-to-End platform/system for customer analytical needs.
Designing and testing complex Machine Learning models.
Fast pace agile prototyping of solutions.
Interact with business users to understand their analytics needs & requirements for designing the most optimal solution efficiently.

REQUIRED SKILLS & CHARACTERISTICS:
Master’s Degree or PhD in Computer Science or Software Engineering.
Proficient in computer science fundamentals, algorithms & data structures.
Proficient in programming languages like Java & Python.
Knowledge of Microservices architecture, API development, REST services, service oriented architecture (SOA) & web application development.
Experience with Database Technologies (SQL/NoSQL) & Big Data Technologies (Hadoop, Hive).
Experience with Cloud Platforms like AWS and Azure.
Familiar with working in an agile software development framework with test driven development approaches.
Expertise in Machine Learning Techniques such as Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes, neural networks, various classification and clustering algorithms, deep learning etc.
Able to work with big data systems (Hive, Hadoop, HQL, Hbase, Presto) & cloud technologies (AWS Redshift, DynamoDB).
Strong interest in problem solving, taking ambiguously defined problem and articulating clear problem statements.


ABOUT
WESTERN DIGITAL

The
future. It’s on you. You & Western Digital.

We’ve been storing the world’s data for more than 50 years. Once,
it was the most important thing we could do for data. Now we’re helping the
world capture, preserve, access and transform data in a way only we can.

The most game-changing companies,
consumers, professionals, and governments come to us for the technologies and
solutions they need to capture, preserve, access, and transform their data.

But we can’t do it alone. Today’s
exceptional data challenges require your exceptional skills. It’s You & Us.
Together, we’re the next big thing in data.

Western Digital® data-centric solutions are found under the
G-Technology™, HGST, SanDisk®, Tegile™, Upthere™, and WD® brands.
Western Digital is an equal opportunity employer.

Western Digital does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards),
sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions,
breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender
identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior,
whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at
birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital
status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental
disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and
family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or
other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any
individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination
policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and
regulations set forth in the "Equal
Employment Opportunity is the Law" poster.

Federal and state laws require employers to provide reasonable accommodation to
qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you
require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your
job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to
the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate
format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If
you need any accommodation or assistance with our career site, please contact
us at staffingsupport@wdc.com.

Western Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US.
For more information click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify.

#LI-JS1
