About the Role:


If you are a self-starter, thrive in a fast-paced environment, and get energized about driving new data driven services, then this job is for you!

The Clearinghouse is seeking a hands-on Engineer, Data with a solid background in Data Warehouse architectures, metadata management, data profiling, data modeling, data quality and a proven ability to learn quickly, effectively collaborate with others, and successfully design and implement solutions. Using their excellent communication and presentation skills, the Engineer socializes technical concepts and builds consensus with internal stakeholders.

The Engineer works with the business and development teams to design and implement the appropriate data solutions for Clearinghouse database-driven applications and services. The Engineer accomplishes this by performing data analysis of current and future systems and services, educating on industry best practices and policies, creating proposed database component designs and data models, and working with the architecture and development teams to refine and implement these designs.

How You Contribute:
Develop and maintain the PL/SQL Packages.
Develop and maintain ETL code.
Design Data Marts and create data models.
Work with Data owners to document and maintain Data Dictionary.
Develop scripts to maintain data quality and deploying data changes across different environments
Monitor, assess and optimize data processing performance.
Demonstrate NSC’s competencies, which align with our corporate values.
Core Competencies include: Customer Focus, Optimizes Work Processes, Collaborates, Communicates Effectively, and Be Open and Authentic.
Manager will provide more detail to candidates as needed.
Position may be required to perform other duties as required. These essential functions are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.

What You Bring to the Table:
Bachelor’s degree required in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or Information Systems, or some equivalent combination of education and experience, including through military service.
Proficient in:
PL/SQL programming typically acquired through 4-7 years of experience programming with this technology.
Developing scripts using Shell, Perl or similar language.
Experience with:
Working on an Agile/Scrum development
Cloud and open source-based data management technologies like AWS Redshift, DynamoDB, Postgres, Glue and Kinesis
Version control tools such as SVN, GIT, AWS Code Commit
Proficient with:
Data Warehouse production maintenance.
ETL/ELT development.
OLTP and data warehouse design.
Metadata management.
Creating and implementing data models.
Database performance monitoring and SQL optimization.
Excellent communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and directly with the data owners to gather requirements and architect change.
Live within a commutable distance of Pittsburgh, PA.
Additional Desired Requirements:
Experience with Oracle technologies including Oracle database and ODI.
Physical Demands:

Use of a computer terminal and/or laptop computer for 8 or more hours a day.
Use of a copy machine, and telephone.
Frequently required to sit for 7 or more hours per day in close proximity to others in an open office environment.
Occasionally required to use hands and fingers to operate, handle, and reach.
Vision abilities include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Must be able to travel occasionally via car, train, and/or airplane as needed.
