The Sr Manager/AD, Data Scientist - Digital Medicine, will be leading the data science activities and analytical strategy of Karyopharm R&D. Reporting directly to the Executive Director and Head of Digital Medicine, the candidate will work collaboratively with a cross-disciplinary team dedicated to the development of sophisticated algorithms, machine learning tools, and novel AI methodologies to accelerate the discovery of new clinical insights across the oncology portfolio.
The Sr Manager/AD, Data Scientist - Digital Medicine, will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing field working to extract intelligent observations from digital biosensors and complex biomedical data in a rigorous, quantitative, and innovative fashion. The candidate will provide solutions to a variety of data science problems that matter to oncology patients, including machine learning models for digital biomarkers, analytics of wearable sensor data, real-time medical monitoring of AEs, patient risk stratification, symptom predictions, and new algorithms for survival analysis.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide advanced data science expertise to Karyopharm’s digital medicine projects.
Design and implement science-driven data science solutions to leverage the analytics of real-world data from wearable sensors and electronic quality of life diaries to achieve ground-breaking progress in precision oncology.
Recommend and deliver data science solutions using data mining and machine learning tools based on diverse data sources, such as clinical trial endpoints, genomic data, and real-world evidence.
Lead the development and implementation of automated clinical data visualization platform in clinical studies and digital data monitoring.
Collaborate in a multidisciplinary environment with world leading clinicians, researchers, data scientists, digital medicine experts, and biostatisticians.
Participate in the broader data science community to follow the latest developments in data and technology.
Coordinate and produce the data required for the evaluation, interpretation, and reporting of clinical trial results for internal meetings, conference presentations, publications, and time-sensitive regulatory submissions.

7+ years' experience in medical and digital data analytics.
MSc degree in quantitative science (eg. mathematics, computer science, engineering); PhD preferred.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Knowledge of statistical modelling techniques, and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills.
Deep understanding of drug discovery and clinical development process.
Extensive experience in machine learning and/or data mining tools and applying data science to complex problems.
Ability to provide recommendations to senior leadership and communicate with non-technical stakeholders.
Self-starter attitude with the ability to collaborate with multi-functional team within the company.
Experience with large datasets and extensive experience in gathering, interpreting, analyzing, and visualizing complex data for clinical research.
Strong written verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Passion to grow and develop advanced skills in data science and digital medicine.

Karyopharm Therapeutics is a global commercial-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel first-in-class drugs directed against nuclear transport targets for the treatment of cancer and other major diseases.
