Get to Know Voice

Voice is a rewards-based social media network for content creation, discovery and discussion. Built by and for its users, Voice aims to rebuild public trust in media by focusing on transparency, authenticity, and alignment. Spun out of Block.One and built on the EOSIO protocol, Voice leverages the inherent characteristics of blockchain technology to architect integrity into the platform.

Description

We're seeking an experienced data scientist to deliver data insight to us on a daily basis. Our ideal team member will have the mathematical and statistical expertise you'd expect, but a natural curiosity and creative mind that's not so easy to find. As you mine, interpret, and clean our data, we will rely on you to ask questions, connect the dots, and uncover opportunities that lie hidden within.

This is an exciting opportunity to join a thriving, well-funded startup with big ambitions. In addition to doing ground breaking work, this role will be pivotal in establishing a culture of openness, positive communication, and continuous learning. We are looking for the best and brightest to take our platform to the next level. Are you that person? Let's talk.

Responsibilities:
Identify and integrate new datasets, working closely with the engineering team to strategize and execute the development of data products.
Implement analytical models into production by collaborating with software developers and machine learning engineers.
Execute analytical experiments methodically to help solve various problems and make a true impact across various domains and industries.
Communicate analytic solutions and implement improvements as needed to operational systems.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related discipline
3 to 6 years of practical experience in data science (compensation scales accordingly)
Proficiency with data mining, mathematics, and statistical analysis
Advanced pattern recognition and predictive modeling experience
Experience with data visualization, analytics platforms and basic programming languages (i.e., Java/Python, SAS)
Comfort working in a dynamic, research-oriented group with several ongoing concurrent projects
