We are seeking an experienced Data Scientist to join our team in Dayton, OH.

This position requires an active Secret security clearance or the ability to obtain one.

Role Summary:

As a Data Scientist, youll be joining an applied research group thats driving the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale. Using the latest technology and state-of-the-art machine learning, youll unlock opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and difficulty in their financial lives. Our data scientists partner closely with team members, engineers, product managers and business stakeholders to innovate and build ML applications at the largest scale. NLP scientists in this group work on an array of challenging problems, including robust methods to tackle the noisy output of speech recognition systems, automated insights from unstructured text, and the next generation of virtual assistants. In this role, you will apply expertise in ML engineering and reproducible science to support design, execution and delivery of these business critical outcomes. We also encourage active participation in the wider research community.

The Ideal Candidate is:
Technical. You are independent and can develop your own algorithms and experiments. You have hands-on experience developing NLP solutions, from concept to production, and selecting the right tool for the job at hand. You have significant experience with cloud computing and IAAS. You are fluent in Python and comfortable with C/C++ or Java/Scala.
Innovative. You continually research and evaluate emerging technologies. You stay current on published state-of-the-art NLP methods, technologies, and applications. You ask why, explore and openly share your disruptive ideas.
Business-Minded. You can analyze customer needs and drive towards impactful business outcomes.
Leader. You challenge conventional thinking and traditional ways of operating, and you work with stakeholders to identify and improve the status quo.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 1 year of experience in open source programming languages
At least 1 year of experience developing solutions that leverage one or more of the following: distributed computing, databases, machine learning, or natural language processing
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters Degree in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics)
At least 1 year of experience working with AWS or Azure
At least 3 years experience in Python or R
At least 3 years developing production software and libraries
Powered by JazzHR
