The Role

The Spur Group is looking for Consultants to join our team. The Consultant works within our Data + AI Team. In this role, you become a fully integrated member into project teams within the first few months of employment. The combination of on-the-job learning, classroom training, and ongoing coaching and mentoring enable Consultants to enjoy professional growth and career opportunities. The firm’s culture which is built on teaming and teaching, empowers our professionals to support each other in their career development.

The Consultant career track includes promotion to Individual Contributor SC roles, Manager and beyond for individuals looking to develop a rewarding, long-term career in consulting with The Spur Group

Who You Are (What You Bring)

Bias for action– you anticipate client needs and follow up appropriately. You have a bias for action, have a willingness to learn, a high aptitude for perseverance and self-motivation. You show pride in your work and follow through as necessary. You have the ability to work independently and on teams. You are proactive to ask for help or guidance as needed.

Problem solver– you are capable to research and gather data to support strategic discussion. You have a genuine interest in technology and a passion for what we do using data analytics. You suggest innovative solutions to business problems. You propose direction in projects and use appropriate judgement in driving outcomes. You understand how the deliverable fits into the larger process.

Effective communicator– you are capable of drafting effective, complete and error free client correspondence. You listen, ask appropriate questions and know which method of communication is appropriate for each audience. You are respectful in all your communication.

Client and Peer Relationships– you have demonstrated the ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with clients and team members to deliver results. You have the ability to work with clients in face to face settings as well as virtually. You are respectful, accountable and self-aware.

Detail oriented– you are list/task driven and pay attention to the details. Prior project management experience and/or skills are a plus.

Adaptability– You are able to deal with ambiguity and changing roles, teams or tasks and still drive professional work products to completion. You have the willingness to teach and the curiosity to learn.

Requirements
Knowledge of Python, or R/R Studio and building predictive models in clear concise and unique ways.
Knowledge of DAX, and SQL Query and using visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, and QlikView.
Working knowledge of data management platforms such as Snowflake, Segment, SQL Server 2016, SAP HANA, and Hadoop preferred.
Proficient in Microsoft O365 (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook).
Working experience authoring Features, User Stories and Acceptance Criteria.
Quantitative skills and general problem-solving skills.
Strong interpersonal and team working skills.
Polished communication skills (written and verbal).
Ability to learn quickly and resourcefully.
High degree of motivation, flexibility and creativity.
Genuine desire to work hard and progress rapidly in the consulting profession.
Positive attitude and strong willingness to learn from mentors and peers.
Ability to travel (Minimal requirements if any. Sometimes on short notice).
Nice to Have
Degree (Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics or Economics) or equivalent experience.
2+ Consulting experience with a national firm.
2+ Relevant professional experience (Data Science, Analytics, AI, Machine Learning)
Experience with Azure Machine Learning / Machine Learning Studio
Knowledge and the application of Design Thinking Principals.
Working knowledge of Azure Data Lake Services, Azure Databricks.
Working knowledge of Agile SAFe
Working experience authoring Features, User Stories and Acceptance Criteria.
The Spur Group is an equal employment opportunity employer. We are committed to building diverse and inclusive culture that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We consider all candidates regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or characteristic protected by federal, state, and local law.
