The Role:
Curious about HIGH-THROUGHPUT PROCESS DEVELOPMENT, DIGITAL BIOTECH and NEXT GENERATION bioprocessing to create an innovative transformative class of medicines for patients?
JOIN US!
Moderna is looking for a Purification Process Scientist/ Senior Engineer with deep expertise in chromatography to drive the development of protein, DNA and mRNA downstream processes for our Covid-19 vaccine program. In this position, you will be responsible for designing, optimizing and transferring purification processes from development into manufacturing sites. You will join a highly dynamic team of engineers and scientists with cross-functional interactions to Moderna’s Automation, Analytical Development, Protein Science and Manufacturing teams. This position is within Moderna’s Nucleic Acid Process Development department that is responsible for the development of manufacturing processes for all mRNA therapeutics and vaccines at Moderna.
Here’s What You’ll Do:
Develop, optimize and characterize downstream processes for enzymes and nucleic acids
Automate purification methods by high-throughput experimentation (Tecan, AKTA, AMBR Crossflow)
Develop best practices for Process Modeling and Simulation (ChromX, CFD, Matlab, SuperPro Designer, etc.) to master mechanistic understanding and create digital twins of purification processes
Implement best practices for Statistical Design-of-Experiments (DoE) and Multivariate Data Analytics (MVDA) techniques
Lead Root Cause Analysis (RCA) and Corrective and Preventive Actions (CAPA) investigations
Transfer new purification processes from development to manufacturing sites (internal and CMOs)
Develop and implement process analytical technologies for enzymes and nucleic acids (sensors, spectroscopy, UHPLC, calorimetric assays)
Collaborate with mRNA teams to advance understanding of critical enzyme and DNA attributes
Write and publish process development and characterization reports and tech transfer documents
Present development studies in group, department and cross-functional meetings and symposiums
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
Ph.D. (0-4 years of relevant experience) or MSc. (>4 years of experience) with Purification Process Development focus (Chemical Engineering, Biochemical Engineering, Pharmaceutical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering or any related or sub-disciplines)
Deep expertise in core purification unit operations (chromatography, UF/DF, depth filtration, etc.) and instrumentation (AKTA, Tecan, TFF, etc.)
Working knowledge of bioprocess engineering principles, process modeling, Design of Experiments (DoE)/ Multivariate Data Analytics (MVDA), high throughput process development and related software (JMP, SIMCA, Visio, ChromX, SuperProDesigner, etc.)
Hands-on Experience in analytical method development (e.g. HPLC/ DLS/ capillary electrophoresis/ ELISA/ qPCR)
Outstanding communication skills (verbal and written)
Ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Ability to collaborate effectively in a dynamic, cross-functional matrix environment
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:
Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.
Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.
Our Mission:
Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.
Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.
Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.
#LI-CM1
