Requisition Number:
1272

Location:
Madison Campus: Madison, Wisconsin

Other Locations:

Requirements:
Education:

Advanced degree (MS or PhD) in data science, statistics or related field required.

Experience:

Minimum of 2 years of experience in creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics. Position requires a high level of initiative and detail-orientation. Data mining experience in Python, R, SAS, or SQL required. Applicant must have an advanced understanding of relational databases and statistical applications. Experience in healthcare industry, PBM and/or predictive modeling experience is a plus.

#LI-POST

Job Description:
The Data Scientist will be expected to support clinical product, network, and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effective of different courses of action. The Data Scientist must have strong experience using a variety of data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, creating algorithms and running simulations. The person in this position must feel comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams to improve business outcomes.

Navitus Analytics has moved beyond data retrieval and requires personnel with skills to analyze complex situations that require unique information to enable sound business decision-making. The Data Scientist will become a member of a highly skilled, analytical team and play a role in improving Navitus Analytics capabilities. This will be accomplished by effective use of data for decision making and ensuring the information delivery is in alignment with the business objectives of the organization.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Uses predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Applies experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, Dataiku, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data, apply advanced algorithms and statistics, and draw insights from large data sets.
Assist in building learning systems that react to changes in business needs and market trends using machine learning and statistical techniques.
Partner with IT and business users to implement analytical and scalable models into production and monitor outcomes.
Effectively communicates analytics solutions to stakeholders and implement improvements as need to operational systems. Expresses results of analysis and project work clearly and concisely to business users through creative visualization.
