Descript is a new kind of audio/video creation tool, powerful enough for professionals, but easy enough to be accessible by the growing community of new media creatives. Our vision is to build the next-generation platform to enable easy and fast creation of audio and video content powered by cutting-edge AI.

As the first Data Scientist in the company, you'll be responsible for creating and executing a strategy to build a strong data-centric culture advocating for best-in-class tools and processes as well as influence key business decisions via quantitive insights.

If you love the idea of being one of the first people at a small, growing startup, working closely with the CEO and the rest of the team to lay the foundation upon which the company grows, powering through ambiguity and limited resources - armed only with autonomy and a lot of different hats to wear - and if you're passionate about audio/video content, this may be the job for you.

Responsibilities:
Mine user behavior data to extract insights related to products and user experience
Build dashboards and reports to deliver insights to product and business owners
Provide inputs and requirements for the evolution of our event analytics system
Work with product management on feature launches, measurement, A/B testing and related requirements

Requirements:
BS (or higher, e.g., MS, or PhD) in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related areas
3+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis
Expertise in at least one programming language for data analysis (e.g. Python, R).
Expertise in designing and testing experiments.
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Self-aware of strengths and seeking to constantly learn and improve

Descript is building the next generation platform for creative tools, making audio and video creation as fast, accessible, and collaborative as Google Docs. We are a team of 24 - predominantly engineers, product designers, and AI researchers - with a proven C.E.O. and the backing of some of the world's greatest investors (Andreessen Horowitz, Redpoint Ventures). Our headquarters is in San Francisco, and our A.I. research team, Lyrebird, is based in Montreal.

Descript is the special company that's in possession of both product market fit and the raw materials (passionate user community, great product, large market) for growth, but is still early enough that each new employee has a measurable influence on the direction of the company. We rely on self starters who do their best work when given the freedom to translate the company's high level goals into their day-to-day priorities.
