Company Overview

H2O.ai is the open source leader in AI with a mission to democratize AI for everyone. H2O.ai is transforming the use of AI with software with its category-creating visionary open source machine learning platform, H2O. More than 18,000 companies use open-source H2O in mission-critical use cases for Finance, Insurance, Healthcare, Retail, Telco, Sales and Marketing. H2O Driverless AI uses "AI to do AI" in order to provide an easier, faster and cost-effective means of implementing data science. H2O.ai partners with leading technology companies such as NVIDIA, IBM, AWS, Intel, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform and is proud of its growing customer base which includes Capital One, Progressive Insurance, Comcast, Walgreens and MarketAxess. For more information and to learn more about how H2O.ai is driving an AI Transformation, visit www.h2o.ai.

Job Summary:
Can you code proficiently in at least one language used by data scientists and/or data engineers, and does it excite you to learn more?
Are you skilled at predictive modeling?
Do you view communication skills just as important as technical ones?
Can you listen to the needs of your peers and customers and adapt where need be?
Do you have a competitive drive to be the best you can be?
Can you finish what you start?
Can you own assignments given to you?
If the answer is "yes" to these questions, you potentially could be an excellent fit to join the team of customer engineering makers at H2O.ai. We deliver world-class solution experiences for our customers and drive revenue for our organization. Some of the technical projects you will work on include: training advanced machine learning models at scale in distributed environments, influencing next generation data science tools and data products, and pioneering ideas and products in new areas, such as machine learning interpretability, automatic machine learning, model management, deployment pipelines, and GPU computing.

Responsibilities and Duties:

As a Customer Data Scientist, you will be part of Customer Success team working closely with sales directors to:
Problem solve and assess technical problems, determine solutions, and work with internal engineering and customer teams to resolve them.
Demonstrate ML solutions with engaging storytelling and technical accuracy.
Architect, Design, and Deliver end to end machine learning workflows and systems from data ingestion to model deployment.
Provide best practices and guidance to customers on machine learning workflows and systems from data ingestion to model deployment.
Own account-related technical activities and relationships.
Translate business use cases and requirements into technical ones.
Communicate effectively to a diverse audience, including: engineers, business people, and executives. Audiences will be large and small, and interactions will be in-person and online.
Drive field feedback back into product development and be very hands-on for all technical activities.
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics or a related field. Graduate degree is a plus.
2+ years experience with performing hands on Data Science and Machine Learning
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Visualization skills using R, Python or other languages and frameworks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
2+ years experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
2+ year working with data in Hadoop and /or Spark ecosystem
Desirable: Maker mindset, coachable, and have an urge to learn/master new technologies
H2O.ai Perks!
Flexible work hours and time off.
H2O.ai is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR
