Job Posting Title:

Electronics Engineering Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Contribute to research and development tasks and experimental sea-tests within the Environmental Sciences Laboratory’s engineering team.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Hardware and software support of existing systems and sensors including calibration, characterization, testing and data analysis.
Lead in design/development and implementation of new systems and sensors including hardware/software development along with calibration, characterization and testing.
Support at sea testing for systems.
Assisi with hardware procurement.
Assist electrical and mechanical technicians with various tasking. Management of student development and tasking.
Document results and designs in a clear and concise way using proper software source control methodologies.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications


Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering with 3 years of experience developing or supporting sensor data acquisition systems. Demonstrated ability with analog and digital circuit design and board/component level testing as well as experience with PCB layouts. Demonstrated ability with programming for embedded systems. Experience with ADC’s, analog and digital filtering techniques, data acquisition, and low noise measurements. Experience with instrumentation such as oscilloscopes and function generators. Familiarity with spectrum analyzers. Experience with Matlab. Applicant must be highly organized, capable of planning, coordinating multiple tasks, and managing their time. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving, sound engineering judgment, and good communication skills. Willingness/ability to perform frequent domestic/foreign travel up to 30 percent. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information/maintain professional demeanor/work as a team member without daily supervision. Able to work under pressure and accept supervision. Regular/punctual attendance. US Citizen. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications


Master's degree in electrical engineering with at least five years of experience developing or supporting sensor data acquisition systems. Experience with at least 2 full lifecycles of project development to deployment. Demonstrated ability with low-noise analog circuit design from transducer to acquisition system, including PCB layout. Demonstrated ability with low-noise system architecture. Demonstrated experience with FPGA/MCU digital circuit design. Demonstrated ability to program in Verilog or VHDL, including custom IPCore development. Strong familiarity with Vivado and Xilinx SDK. Strong familiarity with C language. Strong familiarity with embedded Linux OS (REHL preferred). Strong familiarity with LabVIEW and LabVIEW RealTime environment. Strong familiarity with instrumentation such as spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, and function generators. Strong familiarity with embedded hardware design such as FPGAs, DSPs or MCUs. Familiarity with IEEE bus standards such as I2C, SPI, RS-232, USB and PTP. Experience working at-sea with instrumentation equipment. Prior work experience in professional or research oriented software development. Demonstrated skills in designing, building and deploying measurement and instrumentation hardware systems. Experience with signal processing using Matlab. Demonstrated excellent interpersonal communication skills. Cumulative GPA of 3.0.

General Notes


An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Salary Range


$82,000-$129,000+/negotiable depending on qualifications.

Working Conditions
May work in all weather conditions
May work in extreme temperatures
Standard office conditions
Exposure to electrical and mechanical hazards
Use of manual dexterity
Climbing of stairs
Lifting and moving
Some weekend, evening and holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest detailing skills in designing electronic hardware, programming embedded systems, circuit design and performing field work.
Unofficial college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2018 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.
