Title Data Scientist Position Type Right to HireFulltime Location Phoenix, AZ Description You will be an instrumental member of client's vision for analytics-driven mining. Client has gathered vast data sets from across the mining ecosystem by deploying sensor technology and the data infrastructure to support it. Now, client is in a position to use the richest data pool in their history to solve complex and meaningful problems, so their team is growing and seeking bright individuals eager to be a part of the journey. Drive the deployment of machine learning methods, deep learning, and advanced optimization techniques to drill into our toughest challenges. Leverage deep research skills to test hypotheses and draw insights to support our goal of industry-leading, resource-efficient copper mining. Utilize modern cloud technologies, such as Microsoft Azure, to deliver innovative analytics solutions at scale and visualize their impact for leadership. Lead small teams in the build, implementation, and maintenance of practical, analytical assets that effectively solve business problems using statistical methodologies. Lead the deployment of ensemble machine learning methods, deep learning, and advanced optimization techniques to drill into our toughest challenges. Test hypotheses and draw insights to support our goal of industry-leading, resource-efficient copper mining. Utilize modern cloud technologies, such as Microsoft Azure, to deliver innovative analytics solutions at scale and craft the policies to support them as a thought leader. Steer and manage cross-functional teams through all stages of building practical, analytical assets and contribute to their growth. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a related field AND seven (7) years of relevant work experience OR Master's degree in a related field AND five (5) years of relevant work experience OR Ph.D. in a related field and two (2) years of relevant work experience Preferred You are an analytics specialist who enjoys grappling with vast data sets, tapped from our long-standing investment in collecting and cleaning data You are an analytics guru who enjoys grappling with vast data sets, tapped from our long-standing investment in collecting and cleaning data. You are a quantitative expert who can build complex predictive models and unlock their value through Python, R, SQL and or other rigorous analytical environments. You are a seasoned coach who enjoys bringing the best out of junior teammates and invests in their development. Strong oral and written communication skills in English language had You are a passionate coach who enjoys bringing the best out of junior teammates and invests in their development. Strong oral and written communication skills in English language Please send me your updated resume with expected pay rate Regards, Prasad N Senior Recruiter l Talent Acquisition Group Tech One IT 1705 W. University Drive Suite 107 Tempe, AZ 85281 O 480-651-8590 E prasadtechoneit.com mailtoprasadtechoneit.com www.techoneit.com httpwww.techoneit.com
