Job Description Summary:
Job Description:


The Senior Scientist, Analytical Development supports and contributes to PTCs analytical development function for early stage and late stage development projects. The incumbent develops, implements, validates, transfers and troubleshoots a variety of analytical methods (e.g. Chromatographic methods) used for in-process evaluation, releases of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API), and bulk and final drug products at Contract Research Organizations (CROs) and Contract Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs/CDMOs). He/she also provides analytical support for clinical formulation development.

The incumbent works cross-functionally with internal departments and external resources on analytical development related issues.

The Senior Scientist, Analytical Development supports adherence to relevant regulatory requirements and company Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as appropriate.

Primary duties/responsibilities:
Conducts analytical method development for New Chemical Entities (NCEs) and drug products using chromatography and other analytical techniques.
Coordinates development of analytical and control tests for API, starting materials, process intermediates and drug product at PTC and at CMOs; provides oversight and direction for analytical method transfer and validation at external CMOs.
Coordinates requirements and acquisition of analytical documentation/data/reports needed to support, or to be included in, submissions to Investigational New Drug applications (INDs), New Drug Applications (NDAs), Marketing Authorization Applications (MAAs), amendments, supplements, and annual reports; authors and reviews regulatory documents and responses.
Perform investigations and unknown impurity identifications in in-house lab using High Pressure Liquid Chromatography (HPLC), Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) and Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS).
Assists in providing oversight for all stability related work at CROs/CMOs/CDMOs.
Represents department as a subject matter expert (SME) in relevant analytical areas, as needed.
Complies data from internal and external sources and provides data summaries to management.
Conducts a second analyst review of analytical data and work, as needed.
Provides analytical support to early and late stage discovery programs, as needed.
Coordinates analytical development related activities within the company and external contractors as needed.
Purchases required lab supplies, maintains instruments, purchases, installs, qualifies laboratory instrumentation.
Performs other tasks and assignments as needed and specified by management.
NOTE: This position will initially be located in Bridgewater, NJ and move to our new Hopewell, NJ site during late 4th quarter 2020/ early 2021

Minimum level of education and years of relevant work experience.
Masters degree in a Chemistry, Biochemistry or Pharmacy related discipline and a minimum of 6 years of analytical development experience in a pharmaceutical, biotechnology or other related industries OR a PhD in a Chemistry, Biochemistry or Pharmacy related discipline and a minimum of 2 years of analytical development experience in a pharmaceutical, biotechnology or other related industries.
* Special knowledge or skills needed and/or licenses or certificates required.
Extensive experience in the development, validation, and implementation of analytical Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) that employ a range of analytical methods (e.g., High Pressure Liquid Chromatography (HPLC), Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS), Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS), dissolution, particle size, moisture content, etc.).
Hands-on experience with the identification, sourcing, and maintenance of analytical instruments.
Demonstrated experience in troubleshooting of analytical methods.
Working knowledge of US and international Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control (CMC) regulations and guidance, including Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), the US Code of Federal Regulations (21CFR) and International Conference of Harmonization (ICH) guidelines is desirable.
Working knowledge of Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS) and Chromatographic data systems (e.g. Empower®).
Management of reference standards for internal and external needs, as necessary.
Experience reviewing analytical data (at release and stability).
Experience with designing and executing forced degradation studies for NCEs.
Hands-on experience collaborating with the Formulations and Medicinal Chemistry groups in developing analytical methods such as HPLC-UV for early phase formulation development.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office.
Excellent verbal and written communication and skills.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively, as required, in a fast-paced, matrixed, team environment consisting of internal and external team members.
Analytical thinker with excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to adapt to changing priorities and deadlines.
Excellent planning, organization and time management skills including the ability to manage, support and prioritize multiple projects.
*Special knowledge or skills and/or licenses or certificates preferred.
Experience using electronic lab notebook.
Track record of authorship of pertinent sections of successful regulatory submissions (INDs, NDAs, Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs), MAAs, Investigational Medicinal Product Dossiers (IMPDs)) leading to the commercialization of drug products.
Experience providing responses to questions from health authorities with respect to regulatory submissions.
Experience with statistical data analysis.
* Travel requirements

0-10%

EEO Statement:

PTC Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome applications from all individuals, regardless of race, color, national origin, gender, age, physical characteristics, social origin, disability, religion, family status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, veteran status or any unlawful criterion under applicable law. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.

Click here to return to the careers page
