We are seeking a Senior Data & Analytics Consultant who has strong interpersonal skills and a passion for solving data problems and building analytic solutions for our clients across a number of industries. Successful candidates will have proven technical and communication skills with the ability to learn and adapt quickly to changing environments. Preferred candidates should know SQL and have some experience with data engineering, data visualization and modern reporting systems. Candidates who also know open source data science programming languages such as Python and R are preferred. We are looking for someone with at least 5 years of relevant experience working with Data & Analytics and who is a ready for a Senior, hands-on, and highly technical client-facing position.

Responsibilities:
Conduct requirements analysis, design, and implementation activities in full lifecycle reporting and analytics solutions
Building analytical visualizations using modern analytics tools (such as: Tableau, QlikSense, Power BI, etc.)
Sourcing, Mapping, and Coding data transformations and data pipelines
Develop and deliver technical and functional presentations to the internal project team and client organizations
Developing prototypes, to demonstrate the value of data-driven technologies
Working collaboratively in a team-based environment to build lifecycle data and analytics solutions
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, or Information Technology, or other related degrees
Familiarity with data modeling and big data architectures
Proficient skills with SQL required and some working knowledge of Python and/or R is preferred
Strong problem-solving and communication skills
5+ years’ experience working with data and analytics
Some experience working with healthcare or financial data and analytics is preferred (but not required)
Willing to travel up to 50% to client sites within the Northeast
Able to legally work in the US without sponsorship
What We Offer:
25+ years of proven success within the IT systems and consulting industry
Competitive compensation packages that reward high performance
Exciting career growth paths and supportive culture that facilitates continuous learning
Collaborative team-based environment
Comprehensive benefit package including medical, dental, Flexible Spending, and 401(k) with match
Company paid Life insurance and Long-Term Disability
Generous PTO packages that reflect the importance of work/life balance
Gym Membership Reimbursement
About Us: CTI solves business problems, helping companies leverage data and transformational digital technologies to drive growth and enable innovation. We provide strategic guidance, business and technology solutions for clients wishing to solve their most complex challenges involving data analytics, cloud applications, big data, data discovery, and data protection. Simply put, your data is our passion.

CTI is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status or any other category protected under applicable federal or state law.
