Who is Trace3?

Trace3 is a leading Transformative IT Authority, providing unique technology solutions and consulting services to our clients. Equipped with elite engineering and dynamic innovation, we empower IT executives and their organizations to achieve competitive advantage through a process of Integrate, Automate, Innovate.

Our culture at Trace3 embodies the spirit of a startup with the advantage of a scalable business. Employees can grow their career and have fun while doing it!

Trace3 is headquartered in Irvine, California. We employ more than 850 people all over the United States. Our major field office locations include Atlanta, Denver, Detroit, Indianapolis, Grand Rapids, Lexington, Los Angeles, Louisville, San Diego, San Francisco, and Scottsdale.

Ready to discover the possibilities that live in technology?

Come Join Us!

Street-Smart - Thriving in Dynamic Times

We are flexible and resilient in a fast-changing environment. We continuously innovate and drive constructive change while keeping a focus on the "big picture." We exercise sound business judgment in making high-quality decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are highly creative and can dig deep within ourselves to find positive solutions to different problems.

Juice - The "Stuff" it takes to be a Needle Mover

We get things done and drive results. We lead without a title, empowering others through a can-do attitude. We look forward to the goal, mentally mapping out every checkpoint on the pathway to success, and visualizing what the final destination looks and feels like.

Teamwork - Humble, Hungry and Smart

We are humble individuals who understand how our job impacts the company's mission. We treat others with respect, admit mistakes, give credit where it's due and demonstrate transparency. We "bring the weather" by exhibiting positive leadership and solution-focused thinking. We hug people in their trials, struggles, and failures – not just their success. We appreciate the individuality of the people around us.

About the Role: Do you enjoy solving computer vision problems such as optical character recognition, object detection and recognition and image classification? Text and document classification using natural-language processing tools, or predicitve analytics applied to time series? Do you love learning and trying out new state of the art machine learning and deep learning algorithms? Are you passionate in building computer AI solutions and applications?

At Trace3, you will work on problems for our enterprise clients. You will design and build AI products that will impact some of the largest companies in the country. You will be able to learn from fellow deep learning and machine learning engineers and data scientists, and follow and share cutting-edge research. You will research and POC some of the coolest technologies available and will have access to a pipeline of up-and-coming technologies made available through Trace3's VC relationships.

The Senior Data Scientist needs to be self-motivated, self-directing, adaptable and comfortable working in less-structured environments. The ideal candidate should be looking for an opportunity to help client transform their business using ML/DL/AI. Candidates will need experience in working on and leading large complex data science and business transformation projects. There is an opportunity for the candidate to eventually move into a leadership and management position as the Data Science team grows. Approximately 30-50% travel is required.

What You'll Do:
Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others
Lead analytical effort for client engagements
Develop analytical skills and act an advisor for junior staff and external partners
Provide quantitative and business analytic skills to develop and implement solutions across several industry verticals, specifically financial, industrial and manufacturing, healthcare life sciences, consumer product & retail, telecom.
Define the key business problems to be solved and formulate mathematical approaches to solve those given problems
Form and maintain trusted relationships with clients and be the 'go-to' contact point for projects
Participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the client and contract
Anticipate client needs and formulate solutions to client issues
Review deliverables for accuracy and quality
Contribute to new business proposals and proposal development
Manages own personal and professional development; seeks opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experiences
Qualifications & Interests:
8+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and large amounts of data to drive significant business impact.
Understanding of state of the art deep learning techniques
Solid understanding of CNN, RNN, supervised and unsupervised learning, optimization techniques
Experience with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Deeplearning4j, Keras, PyTorch, etc.
Proficiency in at least one higher-level programming language such as Java, Scala, Python, C++, R, etc.
A focus on computer vision and/or machine learning and with Natural Language Processing (NLP) would be a plus.
PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Mathematics or related field would be a plus
Proficient at translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework.
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners.
Self-starter with a passion for your work and attention to detail.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Humble with a team-first attitude.
The Perks:
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents
401(k) Retirement Plan with Employer Match, 529 College Savings Plan, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, and Long-Term Disability
Competitive Compensation
Training and development programs
Stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages
Collaborative and cool office culture
Work-life balance and generous paid time off
***To all recruitment agencies: Trace3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Trace3 employees or any other company location. Trace3 is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.
