As an esoteric reference laboratory and leader in hematology diagnostics, Versiti is proud to pioneer patient care through focused insights and solutions.

Our wide range of services includes highly specialized functional and genetic diagnostics. Our collaborative approach brings together clinical expertise and laboratory innovation, resulting in actionable solutions for patient care.
We cannot achieve this without an ambitious, resilient and mission-driven person ready to make an impact who shares our same mission, vision and values.
Come join us!

Learn more about our lab at https://www.versiti.org/medical-professionals/precision-medicine-expertise/hematology.

What will you do in this role:

In this position, one performs advanced immunohematology testing on clinical and research specimens for the resolution of serologic problems.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Handles and processes specimens, ensuring proper identification.
Performs serologic and molecular tests according to QSD/SOP on clinical, study, QC and research samples.
Performs primary and secondary review of test results and provides feedback to ensure accurate reporting of results.
Operates laboratory equipment correctly and perform quality control testing on equipment and reagents. Knows acceptable levels of performance.
Adheres to all required FDA, AABB (American Association of Blood Banks),CLIA (Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act), OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration), and CAP (College of American Pathology) regulations. Follows cGMP (current Good Manufacturing Practices) standards.
Maintains controlled inventories of reagents and laboratory materials.
Provides on call and/or overtime coverage as required.
Assists in the training of new personnel and training of students.
Listens, anticipates and responds to the needs of internal and external customers and strives to meet expectations.
You will need:

Bachelors of Science degree from an accredited college or university in Clinical Laboratory Science/Medical Technology (MLS/CLS/MT)
OR science related degree with certification as a Blood Banking technologist.
Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or Clinical Lab Specialist (CLS) or Medical Technologist (MT) or Blood Banking (BB) American Society for Clinical Pathologist (ASCP) certification required or equivalent.
Must meet CLIA requirements for high complexity testing.


Experience:


1 year experience working in an Immunohematology Reference laboratory or Transfusion Service preferred.


Skills and Knowledge:
Working knowledge of immunohematology and immunology theory.
Skill in the operation of laboratory equipment, instrument, computer and materials.
Effective time managing and organizational skills to perform multiple laboratory tests simultaneously.
Maintain accurate, timely records of patient information and laboratory results.
Strong detail orientation and analytical ability to evaluate and ensure accuracy of data related to laboratory results and patient information.
Effective verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to convey understanding of factual and theoretical information and make recommendations to customers.
Effective problem solving skills.
Ability to work independently and as a team member.
What’s in it for you?
• Complete insurance coverage – medical, dental, vision, life
• 401(k) with company match
• Generous paid time off
• Wellness program

Equal Opportunity Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
