Youngsoft is one of the fastest growing companies based out of Wixom Michigan providing IT services to various clients across the USA. currently we have a " Data Scientist" position at one of our client locations Job Description Masterrsquos Degree or Ph.D. in STEM with 4+ years preferred OR Bachelorrsquos Degree in STEM with 7+ years. Experience in predictive modeling , data science, machine learning, or user and entity behavior analytic development, Experience in developing predictive, prescriptive, optimized and forecasting models, including the use of contemporary techniques such as and not limited to support vector machines, neural networks and gradient boosting. Experience in interpreting results from statistical and mathematical models. At least 4 years focused on applications of Data Science Analytics. A minimum of two yearsrsquo experience in applying Data Science Analytics to Health InsuranceHealth care related problemuse cases. A minimum of 4 yearsrsquo experience introducing automation and operating within a fast paced prototyping environment, Experience with one or more cloud services (AWS, MS Azure) Experience in Analytic development with streaming and a Hadoop ecosystem (Hive, Spark etc.) Experience in SQL, NoSQL, graph-based, KeyValue stores, document stores, Python andor R for complex data manipulation, statistical analysis and machine learning. Experience in advanced data visualizations and interpretation using data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI) Experience applying machine learning to real-world production systems, analytic development based on SparkML and other ML libraries. Familiarity with common LinuxUnix command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable, Using and developing statistical analysis, modeling, simulation and machine learning methods. Comfort with complex mathematical concepts and models. Experience with Agile MethodologyScrum Development and DevOps. History of solving difficult problems using a scientific approach highly preferred. Ability to communicate and present the work effectively and influence others. Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly. Please contact recruiter at 248-675-1193Please respond with your updated resume, contact information
