Job Description
Exciting opportunityin a thriving company that values and appreciates their employees while acknowledging their contributions!

Company Information
Serving their industry for over 45 years, this company is a leader in global life reinsurance.They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, individual living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and product development.
The firm was recognized by the Asia Insurance Review as "Life Reinsurer of the Year" at the 2018 Asia Insurance Industry Awards for the second consecutive year. The honor recognizes innovation, thought leadership, and actions to enhance the stability, security, and image of the Forbes Global 2000: World's Best Employers.
The firm was also ranked #97 among 500 companies in the Forbes 2018 Global 2000: World's Best Employers listing.
Benefits and Features
Skill building: this firm encourages personal & professional growth through ongoing training & skills development
Work/life balance: family friendly culture and flexible work arrangements
Career growth: Performance based compensation & competitive benefits package
Strong retirement benefits
The Role they will Play
Develop and enhance statistical models for the applications in insurance industry, including mortality, morbidity, etc.
Need to be very hands-on, needs to know how the models are built and how they work.
Serve as a client contact/consultant either internally or externally, serving as a subject matter expert.
Actively participate in other research-related initiatives.


Community Information
This opportunity is based at the corporate office in Saint Louis, Missouri.
Saint Louis offers a culture of innovation and excellence paired with historic and iconic city/sites.
With an affordable cost of living, Saint Louis is a great place to live.
Desired Background Profile:
1+ years of experience doing statistical modeling in insurance
Strong experience in R, familiar with other packages including SAS, MATLAB, Python, SQL, etc.
Master's Degree or PHD in Statistics, Actuarial Science, Business, Finance, Economics or related field
