Analytics Manager

Job Description

We are looking for an analytics manager to join Enterprise Applications team and manage the processes responsible for accurate data collection, processing, modeling and analysis. The ideal candidate has a knack for seeing solutions in sprawling data sets and the business mindset to convert insights into strategic opportunities for our company. The Analytics Manager will work closely with leaders across IT, Finance, Product, Customer Success, Sales, and Marketing to build and support Domo based data sets and business reports . They will ensure data accuracy and consistent reporting by streamlining data collection process across all internal business applications. They will use advanced data modeling, predictive modeling and analytical techniques to interpret key findings from company data and leverage these insights into initiatives that will support business outcomes. The right person for the job will apply their exhaustive knowledge of data analysis to solving real-world problems faced by our company and finding opportunities for improvement across multiple projects, teams and business units.

Responsibilities
Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
Build, develop and maintain data models, reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards and performance metrics support that support key business decisions.
Design and build technical processes to address business issues.
Oversee the design and delivery of enterprise data warehouse solution to be consumed by other internal teams for their respective reporting/visualization needs
Ensure accuracy of data across various internal applications by streamlining the business processes and adding data quality checks
Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering as well as modeling, visualization and communication deliverables.
Oversee the data/report requests process: tracking requests submitted, prioritization, approval, etc.
Develop and implement quality controls and departmental standards to ensure quality standards, organizational expectations, and regulatory requirements.
Anticipate future demands of initiatives related to people, technology, budget and business within your department and design/implement solutions to meet these needs.
Organize and drive successful completion of data insight initiatives through effective management of analyst and data employees and effective collaboration with stakeholders.
Communicate results and business impacts of insight initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the company


Required Skills

Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources.
Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries.
Understanding of and experience using analytical concepts and statistical techniques: hypothesis development, designing tests/experiments, analyzing data, drawing conclusions, and developing actionable recommendations for business units.
Experience working with and creating databases and dashboards using all relevant data to inform decisions.
Experience using analytics techniques to contribute to company growth efforts, increasing revenue and other key business outcomes.
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously.
Excellent communication, collaboration and delegation skills.
Experience
Degree in MIS or relevant business experience
Minimum 5 years of experience in a position monitoring, managing, manipulating and drawing insights from data
Minimum 3 years of experience leading a team
Strong programming skills with querying languages: SQL etc.
Experience with big data tools: Teradata, Aster, Hadoop, etc.
Experience with testing tools such as Adobe Test & Target
Experience with data visualization tools: Domo, Tableau, Ra
We are an EEO/AA Employer. Protected veterans and individuals with disability encouraged to apply.
*LI-DO1
