Company Description

At KSM Consulting, you are bigger, bolder, and brighter. You bring innovative ideas to the table, and you learn from the experts sitting beside you. You stand on the shoulders of giants and on some days, you are the giant. That’s what we call…

You. Amplified.

At our growing Indianapolis-based technology, data, and management consulting firm, you’ll be exposed to the latest industry trends as well as some of the most challenging problems our clients face. And through deep understanding, tenacity, collaboration, and know-how, you help those clients find the solution that’s right for them. In everything you do, you’ll help your clients, colleagues, and communities thrive.

Job Description

At KSMC we are fearless problem solvers. We are passionate about helping our clients solve their toughest problems. Data analytics is a core component of how we do this.

We are looking for Data Scientists to add to our talented Data Analytics team. In this role, you will perform data analysis, statistical analysis, and develop algorithms and methodologies on structured and unstructured data for on-demand and software-embedded use.

Here’s what a typical day for you might look like:
Develop and apply machine learning and advanced analytics algorithms to solve problems you’ve never seen before
Collaborate with data architects and software developers to plan and construct the architecture of model deployment
Summarize results and communicate to our team and clients
Contribute and share new knowledge with our team at a lunch-and-learn
Expect to face new challenges each day. Expect to work on a high diversity of different problems. Expect to work hard and learn faster than you thought possible.

Qualifications

This is not an entry level/recent graduate role and requires at least 5+ years of related industry experience. Some of the qualifications and skills we are expecting are:
Bachelor’s and preferably advanced degree in a quantitative field required
Experience developing machine learning and analytics related algorithms with Python and/or R in an industry setting
Experience working with large scale data from a traditional relational database environment. NoSQL experience a plus
Experience with design experiment, statistical modeling and analysis
Experience with designing actionable analytic solutions, partnering with business stakeholders
Experience performing longitudinal analysis a plus
Experience with distributed computing a plus
Experience with Bayesian analysis is a plus
Experience developing interactive visualization (shiny, plotly) is a plus
Experience with developing in cloud environment is a plus
Experience with text mining and NLP algorithm is a plus
Experience with open source machine learning and data stack (gensim, Caffe, Keras, spacy)
Experience with graph and network algorithms is a plus
Experience with container technologies (docker) and development toolkit (git, jenkins) is a plus
Strong working knowledge of the following:
Modern data mining and machine learning methods
Statistics, mathematics, computer science, numerical methods, and data visualization
Linear algebra and probability
Regular expression and text mining
Rapid prototyping and development
Solution creativity and effective written, verbal, and presentation skills
Progressive mindset particularly around deployment models and emerging technologies
Collaborative team player who is detailed oriented, focused on solution quality and execution
Comfortable working across a wide range of project sizes and industries
Entrepreneurial inclination to discover novel opportunities for applying analytical techniques to business and social problems
Additional Information

What you should know about KSMC:
KSMC employees work hard. We solve big problems, serve lots of clients, and are generally engaged throughout the entire workday and beyond.
We compensate well and show our appreciation in lots of ways including Thursday Throwdowns, quarterly employee events, Community Day, and family outings.
We have a great benefits package including four weeks of paid vacation.
Our snack room is well stocked with healthy drinks and food to keep you going during your work day.
Our comprehensive wellness program includes team recreation activities and wellness reimbursement.
We pride ourselves in having the best talent in the industry and hope that you’re up for the challenge!
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, sex, disability, national origin, race, religion, or veteran status.

Equal Opportunity Employer
