Digital Marketing & eCommerce Data Analyst

IT BEGAN WITH A FLIP-FLOP. But not just any flip-flop. A sandal that revolutionized the industry, bringing biomechanical support to a quintessential summer staple. From these humble beginnings in Australia to the bustling San Francisco Bay Area, Vionic has grown from a fledgling business to a global footwear brand. We’re bringing together style and science and reimagining the look of supportive footwear.

Vionic has been named a 2018 Gallup Great Workplace Award Winner, and is the only company recognized in the fashion and retail sector. Vionic is one of just 39 companies globally to receive the prestigious award, which celebrates companies that achieve exceptional performance by creating a culture of high-reaching employee engagement. Gallup has rated Vionic among the top 2% of all companies based on "Employee Engagement” exceeding the national average by 65 percentage points. We are also officially certified and recognized as a Marin/Bay Area/California Green Business.

In a Nutshell

The Digital Marketing & Ecommerce Analyst will provide strategic and analytic support for the eCommerce and Digital Marketing teams. The eCommerce Data Analyst will implement and maintain the eCommerce Dashboard and build best in class digital marketing analytics. They will passionate about diving into Google Analytics to find new learnings and opportunities that will optimize the website and digital marketing performance. The ideal candidate has a demonstrated drive for working with data to creatively and tenaciously solve complex problems.

What You’ll Do:
You’ll be the “go to” person for analysis and data for the Digital Marketing & Ecommerce team.
You will set up custom reporting, funnels and analyze Google Analytics data to drive insightful learnings and testing opportunities to improve conversion rates and revenue.
You will use your knack for communicating complex data analysis into easy to understand bullets to explain the “story” behind the numbers and share actionable recommendations
You will partner with marketing and operations managers to design promo testing with a close to evaluate incremental return and margin impacts.
Perform ad-hoc data analysis and create custom reports to service the needs of business partners and leadership teams.
Create internal dashboards that automate key metrics and provide insights into performance within all aspects of eCommerce and digital marketing.
Manage voice of customer data to find new and better ways of collecting and communicating customer feedback.
Evaluate audience segmentation, creative and other marketing-related A/B tests and provide recommendations related to experiment prioritization.
Develop models that drive metrics and Ecommerce business toward improved operations and profitability – i.e. demand forecasting.
What You’ll Bring to the Team:
Bachelor’s degree from four-year college or university in a relevant subject (Math, Finance, Economics, Digital/marketing Analytics or related field);
Minimum of 1-3 years of full-time work experience in a highly analytical capacity, preferably an eCommerce environment.
2-3 years’ experience Advanced Google Analytics, certification highly preferred.
Heavy experience with e-Commerce platforms such as Magento or similar highly preferred
Can communicate complex data analysis in easy to understand bullets.
Experience with digital media management such as AdWords, Facebook ads manager, Criteo, Pinterest, and the like.
Experience with product purchasing analysis and audience segmentation.
Self-starter with problem-solving skills.
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite, with particularly advanced Excel skills (vlookups and pivot tables, other advanced formulas are a must.)
Experience in the development of Ecom dashboards to weekly channel performance.
How We Take Care of our People:

We offer a fun and dynamic workplace with a robust benefits package. Once you become a regular, full-time employee you will have access to medical, dental, vision, 401K retirement plan with employer match, Long Term Disability, Life, and a generous amount of PTO. Fresh organic fruit and juices, wellness challenges, and celebrations abound, including Australia Day! You receive free shoes each season, and receive a seriously deep discount on our products because you will want more!
