Are you excited to use data to unlock actionable, high-value business insights? Do you love working collaboratively with teammates to identify the most critical opportunities and challenges facing a business in pursuit of growth? Are you passionate about helping people achieve their financial goals? Then you may be the Business Intelligence Analyst we’re looking for!

Our purpose at The Motley Fool is "To Make the World Smarter, Happier, and Richer", and on the Motley Fool Money Management team, we get to help pursue that goal in a very direct way, when our clients give us their money and we invest it on their behalf. As a BI analyst, you’ll be embedded in the Money Management team, building reports and answering questions that enable us to provide more people with better investing solutions. This role is best suited for a strategic thinker with the ability to understand our business and our marketing, product, and retention strategy, provide clear analysis, and leverage technical aptitude to create effective insights, analysis, and reporting.

You might be a good fit if you:
Obsess over optimization: Whether it’s finding the bottlenecks in our marketing funnel, or identifying clusters of customers at risk of leaving us, you feel energized by spotting problem patterns, and finding creative ways to solve them.
Are curious and love to learn: Do you thrive when you are learning something new every day? Good! Because we’ll need you to understand our business and customers, and demonstrate the curiosity to uncover the stories buried in the data. We're looking for someone with a proven ability to craft concise, actionable analyses and reports that will help drive smart decisions in different business areas and audience segments.
Measure twice and cut once: You’ll be in a role with access to sensitive customer data, and part of the job will include ad hoc reporting and data updates as required by the business. You understand the impacts modifying data can have, and you taking the appropriate care and precautions when doing so are already second nature to you.
Collaborate and communicate effectively: We’ll be counting on you to identify opportunities and inform data-driven decisions, which means not just answering questions, but being able to present the story behind the data in a compelling way.
Think like a scientist: Whether you have a formal background in data science or just love to experiment, we're looking for someone who can transform data sets into clear, compelling analyses that unlock creative hypotheses and high-impact breakthroughs in our retention and marketing initiatives.
Technical skills:
Intermediate to advanced SQL and Excel skills required
Expertise with one or more data visualization tools (Cluvio, Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Experience with marketing analytics tools preferred (Google Analytics, HubSpot, etc.)
Background in marketing/retention analysis and multivariate testing is preferred
Prior wealth management experience is a huge BONUS!
What you’ll be working on:
Take our data analysis and insights capability to the next level by working with tech to ensure the data is accessible, auditing existing visualization dashboards, and working with stakeholders to recommend and create new reporting.
Work with our marketing team on all aspects of campaign execution and funnel reporting, sharing insights and making recommendations for improvements.
Work with our Client Acquisition, Client Relationship, and Client Service teams to identify appropriate metrics that drive our business decisions and show us our pacing to growth goals.
Power our retention efforts with analysis and insights on our client retention metrics and trends, as well as analysis to identify clients at risk.
Dive deep into our client response data, website usage data, account transaction data, and recommend additional data sources, to uncover and define growth, retention, and optimization opportunities.
Perform data operations on application databases to keep systems running smoothly
Provide at-a-glance analysis of variances of actual results versus forecasted targets.
Sound like you? Then let's chat more!
