Clarivate Analytics is a global leader in providing trusted insights and analytics to accelerate the pace of innovation. We deliver critical data, information, workflow solutions, and deep domain expertise to innovators worldwide.

Our solutions cover the entire lifecycle of innovation: scientific and academic research; patent analytics and regulatory standards; pharmaceutical and biotech intelligence; trademark, domain and brand protection. Our portfolio consists of some of the world’s most trusted brands, including Web of Science, Derwent, CompuMark, Cortellis, MarkMonitor, and Techstreet.

We employ more than 4,300 colleagues in 43 countries.

Clarivate Analytics is a public company. We are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the tickers NYSE:CCC; CCC.WS.

At Clarivate, we believe human ingenuity can transform the world and improve our future. That’s why we harness our global reach, curate our content, and invest in best-in-class technology and people.

Join the team that is improving the way the world creates, protects, and advances innovation.

As a Data scientist, you will help facilitate doing research work and identifying ML methods that could be used to solve the different problems faced by our business units and implement the solutions which will help optimize the systems and help the company to innovate.

Major responsibilities:
Researches and identifies Machine Learning (ML) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods and algorithms to solve specific problems to improve user experience on Clarivate data and websites
Implements these methods and devises appropriate test plans to validate and compare the different approaches
Identifies new applications of ML and NLP in the context of Clarivate extensive sets of content and data
Explores existing data for insights and recommends additional sources of data for improvements
Technical /Professional Skills & Competencies:
Excellent understanding of ML, NLP and statistical methodologies
Excellent programming skills (Java/Python/R/Sas)
Ability to test ideas and adapt methods quickly end to end from data extraction to implementation and validation
Experience with information retrieval algorithms and recommended systems a big plus
Education and Background:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar. MS preferred
Relevant work experience preferred
Ability to work with data engineers and product teams
.

It is the policy of Clarivate to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Clarivate will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
