British American Tobacco
Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.
Reynolds American Inc. (RAI) and its operating companies are leading the way in transforming the tobacco industry. To that end, research related to tobacco harm reduction is central to efforts within the Scientific & Regulatory Affairs (S&RA) function at RAI Services Co. (RAIS), and across the RAI enterprise. RAI is committed to working with regulatory agencies to ensure that adult smokers have access to tobacco and nicotine products that have the demonstrated potential to reduce the many health risks attributable to smoking.

S&RA is currently seeking a qualified Senior Scientist - Statistician / Biostatistician to support our clinical studies, biomarker research, product and process development, and regulatory projects. The successful candidate will be expected to work collaboratively with various internal and external groups/clients to provide broad statistical support and to manage multiple projects to ensure timelines are met. This position also offers opportunities for acquiring new skills, engaging with regulatory agency (FDA/CTP), publishing research findings, mentoring young scientists and professional growth.

Principal Duties & Responsibilities:
Collaborate with clients to design experiments, develop and review study protocol, statistical analysis plan, and data collection tools, and determine appropriate sample sizes.
Select appropriate statistical approaches and conduct statistical analyses to meet client and/or regulatory requirements. Develop and/or review tables, listings, figures (TLF) and study reports.
Communicate analysis results via written reports, oral presentations, and meetings with key stakeholders. Participate in abstract, poster, or journal article writing.
Work cooperatively with other statisticians and regulatory submission specialists to address regulatory and project-related statistical issues.
Job Requirements:

Education / Experience: Master’s degree with 1+ year relevant experience or PhD degree in statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology, or closely related discipline.

Required Skills:
Proficient in statistical software (SAS, R, etc.) for data analysis (SAS preferred).
Effective oral and written communication skills including technical writing skills.
Ability to successfully manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, with a focus on timely and accurate completion of priorities.
Preferred Skills:
Experience in the analysis of clinical, chemical, biological, and/or toxicological data.
Familiar with statistical methods that apply to clinical trial design. Knowledge of CDISC standards (CDASH, SDTM, ADaM, etc)
Ability to drive collaborative efforts cross-functionally and externally.
Excellent attention and accuracy with details. Ability to apply critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and as part of a team.

Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Chemistry, Scientific, Statistics, Toxicology, Scientist, Science, Data, Engineering
