Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves. We are MobilityWare and we make fun for a living! Our mobile games have been rocking the app store since its inception and we regularly show up in top lists for most popular games. We recently reached over 350 million downloads across our portfolio of games!

We've been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Destination Solitaire and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our vision is to create the most exciting mobile games and have fun doing it.

Position Summary

As a Data Analyst, you will support the product team within depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts. You'll be responsible for creating, monitoring and building dashboards, models and ad hoc analyses to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.

Responsibilities
Create in-depth analyses, tools and dashboards to highlight the in-game behaviors that drive revenue activities and user retention
Work with our marketing and product teams to deliver insights into user performance and make recommendations that enhance the user acquisition activities
Work as a key member of the BI team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies
Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models
Stay up to date on current and upcoming innovations and capabilities in the mobile gaming space
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree (advanced preferred) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
3+ Years Work Experience in gaming or mobile gaming analytics, including experience with building predictive models
Advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis
Experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques (A|B testing, ANOVA, regression, decision trees etc.)
Understanding of basic Data Engineering principles like ETL and data warehousing
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDP) like deltaDNA, LeanPlum, TreasureData etc.
Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner
Why you should work for us:
Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free drink, free Annual Company trip
Casual workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing
Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride
We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K
Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway
Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility
