Please review the job details below.
We are looking to hire a Data Scientist. The selected candidate will complete data science projects on a short-term, quick-reaction basis aligned with the Sponsor’s requirements.

Highlights of Responsibilities:
Arrange and participate in meetings to identify and document project requirements.
Develop scripts and software programs to address requirements using programming languages, tools and computational methods.
Leverage and implement appropriate mathematics and statistics methods.
Create software interfaces and visualizations to convey the results of advanced analytics projects.
Create a repository and process for cleaning, cataloging and storing data.
Develop and use entity resolution and network analysis techniques.
Create machine learning training data-sets and deep learning models.
Automate existing workflows.
Develop tools for dissemination.
Evaluate outputs of existing algorithms with data science tools and methods.
Build, test and deploy new automated approaches that identify activity of interest in large, complex data-sets.
Minimum Qualifications:
Active/current TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.
Bachelor's Degree. (4 years of experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree).
10 years of experience in data science or a related field.
Demonstrated knowledge of applied mathematics, computer programming and visualization.
Ability to develop comprehensive software applications.
Ability to work collaboratively and effectively in a team environment.
Preferred Qualifications:
Demonstrated knowledge of research designs.
Demonstrated knowledge of collection methods, capabilities and tasking process.
Demonstrated knowledge of issues of national concern.
Demonstrated knowledge of Python and some of the following software/tools: SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C/C++, Git, Bash, Tableau, ArcGIS, Unix commands
#cjpost

MAXAR Technologies values diversity in the workplace and is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
