Position: Program/Data Analyst, Mid-level - FAA

Location: Client Site – Jamaica, NY

Remote Work Option: During Covid-19, all of Cobec employees are working remotely.

Job Summary

This position will provide experienced program/data analyst support to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).

Years of Relevant Experience

At least 5+ years of relevant experience in program meeting and administrative support. Specific experience with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is desired. A Master’s degree may count for additional years of experience.

Essential Job Functions

The following duties are normal for this position. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from this position if the work is similar, related, and/or a logical assignment for this position. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Individuals will assist in the efficient and effective operation of the program office, providing on-site program execution and financial management support to analyze, resolve and track budgetary and other financial issues with emphasis on financial execution support activities. In the program execution and financial management support area, the individual’s activities include but are not limited to:
Apply experience and comprehensive technical knowledge of analytical and statistical theories, principles, concepts, methods and techniques to accomplish assignments.
Reviews multiple project schedules and conducts analysis to identify the health of the schedule and activities.
Provide project administration and data analysis support for program/project management activities related to the implementation of assigned projects.
Use sound scientific and quantitative information to provide overall project results, technical reports and/or recommendations to management and Program Implementation Managers (PIMs) as a basis for making decisions.
Provide assistance and recommendations to managers and staff who directly affect the conduct and attainment of goals.
Utilize software like Primavera or Microsoft Project, Microsoft EXCEL and Tableau, to assist clients and end users in the utilization of existing systems, programs, reports and procedures.
Support the various program areas by participating in impromptu and monthly program team meetings and national/regional telcons. Additional support includes the preparation of written documents and providing input on written correspondence.
Complete projects and special assignments by establishing objectives; determining priorities; managing time; gaining cooperation of others; monitoring progress; problem-solving; adjusting plans
Organizes and assists with planning and directing team work among subject matter experts and/or project leads.
Participates in meetings and derive the outcome and work actions to closure.
Supports resource management tasks assigned by the client.
Writes correspondence as it relates to internal Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) upper management requests as well as external.
Prepares and coordinates reports, briefings, conferences, publications and training.
Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) with 1 – 3 years of professional experience.

Skills Requirements
The ability to provide analysis that will support the creation of actionable products that provide predictive and prescriptive analytics to enable informed management decisions.
The ability to design, develop and adapt statistical models and other research methods in support of retrieving, interpreting and summarizing information to explore relationships between multiple variables.
Attention to detail, strong time management skills
Excellent customer service skills necessary to interact with senior level management and internal and external customers, as well as foster an environment of cooperation between different departments and co-workers
Exceptional organizational skills with the ability to encourage the compliance of others
Skilled in situational and procedural analysis to advise process improvements
Aptitude for imaginative problem solving
Proactive, strong work ethic with ability to work independently and prioritize tasks
Strong MS Office skills with an emphasis on PowerPoint, Word and Excel
Familiarity with SharePoint
Fosters strong interpersonal relationships amongst the program managers to build trust and sense of shared accountability on the team to drive success through assisting in tracking program accomplishments and action items.
Security Requirements

Must be a US citizen or a legal resident for three of the past five years. Must meet eligibility requirements for a US Public Trust security clearance.

Travel

Occasional travel required as needed by client/s and/or company
