Job Description

About the Role: This is a rare opportunity to join a small but fast-growing team, where you will play a major role in shaping Biz2Credit?s future. We?re looking for an exceptional candidate that is excited about the opportunity to build a next-generation financial services business. We believe that there is a tremendous opportunity to leverage cutting-edge data science to inform smarter, faster decision making.

As a Biz2Credit Data Scientist, you will shape the company?s data-centric culture, work closely with our engineering team to develop our analytics infrastructure, and collaborate closely with our Chief Data Officer on developing, validating, and automating our customer conversion and underwriting models. While a background in financial services is not required, you must be passionate about tackling complex data challenges for the benefit of small and medium businesses everywhere.

YOU WILL:
Drive the ongoing advancement and refinement of Biz2Credit?s credit decisioning & pricing model - optimizing risk and return while dramatically reducing decision cycle times.
Continuously evaluate alternative data sources and structures to document and improve the efficacy of our customer conversion models and processes.
Harness the power of Biz2Credit?s technology to proactively identify emerging risks as well as opportunities with our customers.
Play a leadership role in the design and implementation of ongoing operational and risk reporting and analytics.
Work on data projects and proposals involving Biz2Credit?s financial services partners worldwide (banks, non-banks, debt investors, equity investors and others) to analyze, classify and visualize credit-related data.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WITH:
Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science or other quantitative fields from leading university; Advanced degree preferred.
2- 4 years experience performing quantitative analysis within self-directed roles.
Practical hands-on experience in the development and implementation of new predictive models and comfortable in learning new statistical tools and techniques.
Ability to visualize and communicate sophisticated data and models to all audiences.
Specific demonstrated experience, knowledge, accuracy and speed of execution in Powerpoint, Excel, Excel VBA and R (knowledge of other programming knowledge and/or Stata is a plus) Highly motivated, versatile, capable of working independently with demonstrated initiative.
