Sr. Marketing Data Analyst

WHO WE ARE:

Freedom Financial Network is a family of companies that takes a people-first approach to financial services, using technology to empower consumers to overcome debt and create a brighter financial future. The company was founded in 2002 by Brad Stroh and Andrew Housser on the belief that by staying committed to helping people, you can ensure better financial outcomes for both the customer and the business. This Heart + $ philosophy still guides the vision of our growing company, which has helped millions of people find solutions for their financial needs.

What began with 2 people in a spare bedroom has now rapidly expanded to a vibrant business that employs over 2500 employees (known internally as The Freedom Family) in two locations: San Mateo, CA and Tempe, AZ. When you visit either of our offices, you’ll understand why our employees have voted us the Best Place to Work for the last several years. It’s a place where the Heart + $ philosophy continues to thrive, where we believe that success is only achieved by doing what’s right for our customers, our employees, and our communities.

In order to create brighter futures for our clients, employees, and businesses, Freedom Financial Network holds itself to four core values that have grown out of our Heart + $ philosophy: to care for everyone around us, act with integrity every time, collaborate with everybody we work with, and get better at what we do every day.

THE OPPORTUNITY:

We are looking for a Sr. Data Analyst who will work closely with our internal and external business partners in managing analytic-related process and execution for marketing. In this role, you will be involved in analyzing campaign results, validating assumptions and provide recommendation for future campaigns and product offerings. You will also collaborate with team members in assessing and developing new analytic opportunities within the broader realm of Marketing Analytics.

THE ROLE:
Closely work with marketing business partners to understand direct mail marketing initiatives and ensure successful end-to-end execution of ongoing direct mail production
Perform data operations
Implement and execute scoring models
Perform data / model validation to ensure rigorous quality control and detect any potential issues in data
Response and loan funding forecasting
Support senior data scientists to analyze, tracking historical marketing results and be able to apply the knowledge to making future decisions on forecasting, target population selection decisions
Ad-Hoc analysis to answer business questions and generate insights on direct mail marketing results.
Interact with multiple function teams across the marketing organization to implement solutions and improve processes
Identify areas of opportunities in marketing for improvement and automation
REQUIREMENTS/CHARACTERISTICS:
Experience in SQL, Python, R, Excel, and Tableau
Experience in data analytics and basic statistical modeling concepts such as multivariate regression, segmentation modeling, machine learning, data mining, simulation, optimization, forecasting.
An effective cross functional communicator in both written and verbal skills
Ability and willingness to learn in a fast-paced environment and adapt to the situation
6+ years of working experience in qualitative analysis is required, ideally supporting a Marketing department
Bachelor’s degree with Mathematical or engineering background: Statistics, Data Mining, Operations Research, Econometrics, Finance, Engineering or similar
We will sponsor VISA for the right individual, we also employ citizens, green card holders, and OPT/CPT status applicants.
CULTURAL FIT (Our Core Values):

Care (for everyone): We show compassion and contribute to the well-being and growth of those around us. We only pursue products that improve the financial lives of our clients.
Act with Integrity (every time): We take the right action even when it is hard and even when no one is watching. We treat our employees, clients, and communities the way they wish to be treated.
Get Better (every day): We innovate, iterate, and improve each day. We are creative, take thoughtful risks, and ultimately learn and recover from failures.
COLLABORATE (with everybody): We strive to work together toward a common purpose by proactively sharing information and inviting participation. We recognize the perspective of various groups and embrace healthy, constructive debate.
WHY JOIN THE FREEDOM FAMILY?
Fast, continued growth – there’s a lot of opportunity for advancement
Voted a Best Place to Work multiple times by our employees, most recently #1 in Phoenix for the 2ndyear in a row!
Benefits start within 30 days
401k with employer match
3 weeks’ paid vacation (increased with tenure)
9 paid holidays & 5 sick days
Paid time off for volunteer work and on your birthday
This is your opportunity to be part of a growing company where dedicated professionals strive to help customers and each other succeed every day. If that sounds exciting, we want to talk to you. Apply today!

Attention Agencies & Search Firms: We do not accept unsolicited candidate resumes or profiles. Please do not reach out to anyone within Freedom Financial Network (FFN) to market your services or candidates. All inquiries should be directed to Talent Acquisition only. We reserve the right to hire any candidates sent unsolicited and will not pay any fees without a contract signed by FFN’s Talent Acquisition leader.
