Anavation is seeking Data Scientist to provide expert enterprise experience by, mining and analyzing data from various sources to drive decision support and improvement of organization strategies. The ability to assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources/attributes and data collection techniques. Working with structured and unstructured data to prepare in-depth analysis, this includes the normalization and canonicalization of data to ensure consistent inputs. Introduce validation and reporting techniques to ensure the veracity of data. Developing custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets and extract additional insights. Providing expertise in exploratory data analysis, pattern discovery, and advanced analytical techniques.


The Data Scientist will:

Evaluate methods to thwart adversarial attacks of cyber defenses. Your expertise will assist in determining the existence and identification of vulnerabilities in current machine learning algorithms for visual (facial/object) identification, spoofing biometrics, data poisoning, etc. In your role, you will be crucial in identifying potential weaknesses and counter-measures to defeat the exploitation.

Qualifications:

Required:

5 years’ experience mining and analyzing data
At least 1 year of experience with AI security research problems (adversarial examples, data poisoning, model inversion, etc.)
At least 1 years of machine learning experience
At least 2 years of experience with researching deep neural network techniques
At least 3 years of cyber security experience
At least 1 year of experience with machine learning techniques other than neural networks
At least 1 year of experience with large-scale data engineering projects
At least 1 year of biometric spoof detection (facial, fingerprints, etc.)
At least 1 year of cyber-attack forecasting
Be prepared to provide publications and/or presentations to demonstrate your communication skills
Masters' Degree in Computer Science, Cyber, Information Technology, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or similar discipline with 6-8 years of experience
TS/ SCI Security Clearance
