Summary:

Under the direction of the Chemistry Director, the R&D Scientist performs method development of UPLC/HPLC potency assays, among others, for injectable drug products. The methods will be developed as stability-indicating, and, following validation, will be utilized for stability and Quality Control release testing. The analyst must be familiar with the workings of a GMP chemistry lab, equipment and documentation requirements, including following standard operating procedures, using proper documentation, performing forced degradation, method validation, preparing samples and analyzing results.

THIS POSITION HOURS ARE 8AM - 5PM

Essential Functions:
Understand USP/FDA and ICH regulations regarding method development, validation and verification.
Develop stability indicating UPLC/HPLC potency assays for injectable drug products.
Execute forced-degradation experiments in support of the method development.
Become familiar with, and adhere to, requirements as documented in SOPs for Good Manufacturing Practices.
Write/execute method validation/verification protocols for UPLC/HPLC assay and other routine testing procedures and write validation/verification reports.
Conduct analytical method troubleshooting and discrepancy investigations
Clearly document all laboratory activities following Good Documentation Practices.
Perform thorough peer reviews to ensure accuracy of raw data and calculations.
Perform a variety of chemistry laboratory support activities, as assigned, such as routine cleaning and waste removal.
Properly maintain work areas and supplies necessary to perform testing.
Operate and maintain equipment per SOPs.
Write or assist lab management with documenting quality related documents.
Occasionally perform weekend and Holiday duties to meet project timelines or requested by Management.
Develop teamwork and communication skills through active listening and honest dialog with fellow employees and management.
Communicate effectively with internal personnel, as well as external customers and vendors.
Participate in Chemistry department meetings and audits, as necessary.
Other duties as assigned by management.
Successful Candidates Will Have/Be Able To:
Communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing to all levels of people inside and outside the company, including possessing good English speaking/writing skills, fluency and understandability.
Successfully prioritize and manage multiple tasks and numerous projects in a fast-paced environment.
Technical writing skills to ensure proper documentation of validation protocols and reports, as well as being able to effectively complete discrepancy reports
Mathematical skills, including the ability to analyze scientific and test data, and a basic understanding of statistical analysis desirable.
Able to review, compile, and analyze information to prepare reports.
Goal oriented, with strong time management and organizational skills.
Familiar and proficient with Empower Software, Microsoft office.
Work Environment
This position operates in a chemistry laboratory environment where Proper Protective Equipment is required to wear.
Qualifications:
Minimum Education: 4 year degree in Chemistry, life sciences, or related discipline. MS/Ph.D in Analytical Chemistry is very desirable.
Minimum Laboratory Experience: 5-8 years of bench experience in an analytical chemistry laboratory. Experience with LC method development and validation are required.
SCA Pharmaceuticals is an equal opportunity employer (Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans). We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
