Who is Trace3?

Trace3 is a leading Transformative IT Authority, providing unique technology solutions and consulting services to our clients. Equipped with elite engineering and dynamic innovation, we empower IT executives and their organizations to achieve competitive advantage through a process of Integrate, Automate, Innovate.

Our culture at Trace3 embodies the spirit of a startup with the advantage of a scalable business. Employees can grow their career and have fun while doing it!

Trace3 is headquartered in Irvine, California. We employ more than 850 people all over the United States. Our major field office locations include Atlanta, Denver, Detroit, Indianapolis, Grand Rapids, Lexington, Los Angeles, Louisville, San Diego, San Francisco, and Scottsdale.

Ready to discover the possibilities that live in technology?

Come Join Us!

Street-Smart - Thriving in Dynamic Times

We are flexible and resilient in a fast-changing environment. We continuously innovate and drive constructive change while keeping a focus on the "big picture." We exercise sound business judgment in making high-quality decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are highly creative and can dig deep within ourselves to find positive solutions to different problems.

Juice - The "Stuff" it takes to be a Needle Mover

We get things done and drive results. We lead without a title, empowering others through a can-do attitude. We look forward to the goal, mentally mapping out every checkpoint on the pathway to success, and visualizing what the final destination looks and feels like.

Teamwork - Humble, Hungry and Smart

We are humble individuals who understand how our job impacts the company's mission. We treat others with respect, admit mistakes, give credit where it's due and demonstrate transparency. We "bring the weather" by exhibiting positive leadership and solution-focused thinking. We hug people in their trials, struggles, and failures – not just their success. We appreciate the individuality of the people around us.

About the Role:

What You'll Do:

The Data Engineer will be responsible for leveraging new and emerging technologies to solve key technical challenges for our clients. The Data Engineer will act as an expert and trusted advisor who develops, implements, troubleshoots, and optimizes data solutions across many platforms. This role will work closely with clients, partners and other business units to ensure consulting engagements are successful.

SUMMARY OF ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Understand customers' overall data estate, IT and business priorities and success measures to design implementation architectures and solutions using advanced analytics and artificial intelligence
Develop deep relationships with key customer IT decision makers, who drive long-term cloud adoption within their company to enable them to be cloud advocates
Maintain and advance deep technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights, and share within the technical community
Be a Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Engineering team to remove key blockers
Assess the Customers' knowledge of Azure platform and overall cloud readiness to support customers through a structured learning plan and ensure its delivery through partners
Responsible for design, development, and hands-on implementation of data intelligence solutions including data platform build-up, proof of concepts or pilot implementation, software development, software integration, and documentation
Perform hands on development of apache, big data technologies, and framework
Serve as a data intelligence technical resource in team's efforts to determine the needs of our client's businesses that will simplify and automate the applications as well as make them more efficient
Align solutions with standards and best practices working with cross-functional engineering and consulting teams
Collaborate and communicate with Sales and Account Management team to ensure smooth and successful delivery and assist with the identification of additional Advanced Services and Sales opportunities within the customer's environment
Establish strong and lasting relationships with key stakeholders and decision makers in client organizations
Contribute to the development of internal best practices as well as new innovative consulting services offerings that we can take to market
Build a community and following around our company solutions and brand awareness
REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited university required
Understanding and hands on experience with modern distributed data systems(Hadoop ecosystem, public cloud, etc).
Experience building applications in c# or java.
Understanding of BI technologies from traditional data warehousing to SaaS solutions in the cloud.
Experience in designing data and analytics architectures in Microsoft Azure cloud.
Well informed on cloud native technologies that enable batch and streaming data ingestion into cloud (For example: Azure Data Factory, Azure Event Hubs, Azure IoT Hubs etc)
Experienced in designing data lakes in Azure cloud for serving big data analytical workloads.
Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills
Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect Expert certification a plus.
Previous experience working for a consulting or services organization strongly preferred
5+ years of software development experience in distributed systems and building large-scale applications
5+ years of experience in building large scale, high performance, high availability systems and Strong Computer Science fundamentals (algorithms, data structures)
Hadoop, NoSQL or other Big Data certifications are a huge plus
Experience with Big Data technologies (SPARK, HDFS, HBase, Cloudera, MAPR, Hadoop and other frameworks in Hadoop ecosystem
Deep knowledge of Hadoop tools (MapReduce, SPARK, Oozie, ELK, KAFKA, HUE, HBase)
Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Scala, or Java, with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly
Intermediate knowledge with software engineering best practices
Must be able to quickly understand technical and business requirements and be able to translate them into technical implementations
Ability to mix deep technical expertise with simple, everyday language to deliver a story that is memorable, educational and useful
Highly organized, detail-oriented, excellent time management skills and able to effectively prioritize tasks in a fast-paced, high-volume, and evolving work environment
Ability to approach customer and sales requests with a proactive and consultative manner; listen and understand user requests and needs and effectively deliver
Comfortable managing multiple and changing priorities, and meeting deadlines in an entrepreneurial environment
Motivated self-starter who loves to troubleshoot and solve challenging problems and feels comfortable working directly with customers
The Perks:
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents
401(k) Retirement Plan with Employer Match, 529 College Savings Plan, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, and Long-Term Disability
Competitive Compensation
Training and development programs
Stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages
Collaborative and cool office culture
Work-life balance and generous paid time off
***To all recruitment agencies: Trace3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Trace3 employees or any other company location. Trace3 is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.
