Job Description

ENERGY FOR WHATS AHEAD

Are you looking to make a difference in your career? Were working on smarter grids, cleaner energy and tools to help people manage energy more efficiently.

About Transmission and Distribution

Southern California Edisons (SCE's) Transmission and Distribution Organizational Unit (T & D) is responsible for planning, engineering, constructing, operating, and maintaining transmission and distribution facilities throughout the 50,000-square-mile territory. T&D is the steward of roughly $19 billion in assets that safely and reliably deliver electricity to 14 million residents via SCEs 5 million customer accounts.

Position Overview

The Senior Data Scientist Advisor is responsible for leading the modeling of complex analytical problems, discovering insights, and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, mining, and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytical skills, the senior advisor will be responsible for developing business requirements and coordinating with groups in and outside of the Transmission and Distribution group. You will be responsible for developing, presenting, and communicating results. You will also be responsible for leading and mentoring other Data Scientists.

Typical Responsibilities:
Lead data scientists on developing models that meet or exceed business requirements.
Generate advanced analytical approaches using predictive modeling, optimization and simulation abilities.
Apply statistical and pattern recognition techniques to perform description, prediction, and optimization.
Develop and implement tools for data acquisition, extraction, transformation, management, and manipulation of large and complex data sets. Explore, model, mine, and experiment with data to answer critical business issues. And, generate and communicate business insights.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelors in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Five or more years of experience in Predictive Modeling or Machine Learning or Statistical Modeling or Data Mining.
Proficient with R and Python.
Desired Qualifications
MS or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Experience in leading and mentoring junior team members and guiding them on data science and advanced analytics (machine learning, predictive analytics) development.
In-depth industry/business knowledge in Electric Utility industry.
Proficiency with SQL and/or SAS.
Strong Leadership skills and experience.
Comments
Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.
Relocation may apply to this position.
Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of approximately 15 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years.

SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.

#L1-EA1
