Data Scientist

We are looking for a data scientist to join our team here at Premier. Our team works on some of the hardest problems in healthcare and is comprised of some of the most dedicated and talented people in the industry. As a fully remote team, we embrace independent thinking and collaborative problem-solving.

We use a variety of AI approaches including state of the art Deep Learning methods for natural language processing and predictive modeling. In this role, you will advance our health AI platform to extract and infer information from patient records.

Requirements
Expertise in applied machine learning
Strong technical knowledge of machine learning principles
Coding experience in Python
Ability to work in a diverse multi-disciplinary team including engineers, data scientists, and clinicians
Problem-solving mindset
Bachelor’s degree
5 years of experience applying machine learning to real-world problems
Nice to Have
Master’s in computer science with a focus in AI/ML
Experience with Tensorflow or other Deep Learning Frameworks
Published work
#LI-BH1

Premier is looking for smart, agile individuals like you to help us transform the healthcare industry. Here you will find critical thinkers who have the freedom to make an impact. Colleagues who share your thirst to learn more and do things better. Teammates committed to improving the health of a nation. See why incredible challenges require incredible people.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to unlawful discrimination because of their age, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, pregnancy status, genetic information, status as a victim of domestic violence, covered military or protected veteran status, disability, or any other applicable federal, state or local protected class, trait or status or that of persons with whom an applicant associates. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. In addition, as a federal contractor, Premier complies with government regulations, including affirmative action responsibilities, where they apply.

Premier also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance in the application process, please reply to diversity_and_accomodations@premierinc.com or contact Premier Recruiting at 704.816.5200.
