Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company!
Collaborate with business partners to develop predictive analytic solutions that enable data-driven strategic decision making
Utilize current and emerging data science techniques to manipulate large structured and unstructured data sets, identify patterns in raw data, and develop models to predict the likelihood of a future outcome and to optimize business solutions
Research and develop predictive analytic tools
Leverage knowledge to create/design solutions for business needs
Mine large data sets using sophisticated analytical techniques to generate insights and inform business decisions
Identify and test hypotheses, ensuring statistical significance, and building predictive models for business application
Translate quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences, providing a clear view into interpreting the data
Enable the business to make clear tradeoffs between and among choices, with a reasonable view into likely outcomes
Customize analytic solutions to specific client needs
Responsible for larger components of projects of moderate to high complexity
Guide aspects of project design as a technical consultant for the team
Regularly engage with the data science community and participate in cross functional working groups
Travel required up to 10%

Qualifications:

The position requires a Master's degree, or foreign equivalent, in Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field PLUS two (2) years of experience in the job offered or a related field. Alternatively, the employer will also accept Ph.D. degree, or foreign equivalent, in Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field. The position also requires experience with each of the following:
Predictive analytic techniques and statistical diagnostics of models
Predictive toolset to include SAS, SQL, R, and Python
Providing clear and concise communication of technical and statistical work to technical and non-technical audiences
Demonstrable knowledge of sophisticated analytics techniques and ability to manipulate large structured and unstructured data sets in order to generate insights to inform business decisions
Demonstrable ability to identify and tests hypotheses, ensuring statistical significance, as part of building and developing predictive models for business application
Demonstrable ability to translate quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for nontechnical audiences, providing a clear view into interpreting the data
Demonstrable ability to enable the business to make clear trade-offs between and among modeling choices with a reasonable view into likely outcomes
Demonstrable ability to customize analytic solutions to specific client needs
Demonstrable ability to engage with the data science community and participate in cross-functional working groups
Travel required up to 10%.
To apply, please visit https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/, select 'Search Jobs,' enter job requisition #113510 in the 'Job ID or Keywords' field, and submit resume. Alternatively, you may apply by submitting a resume via e-mail to RecruitLM@LibertyMutual.com. Reference requisition number in subject of e-mail.

Benefits:
We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it's our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits
Overview:
At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.
We're dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.
