Who We Are!

At Maven Wave, we are relentless in hiring the industry’s top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Maven Wave helps leading companies make the shift to digital and shorten the fuse to innovation. We combine the expertise of top-tier consulting with the agility of a cutting-edge technology firm. This multidisciplinary blend of skills allows us to create unique digital advantages for our clients. Maven Wave’s digital solutions are agile, mobile, rooted in analytics, and built in the cloud.


Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: Help us build data driven cloud solutions.

We are looking for a skilled Cloud Data Engineer to design, build, and test data ingestion and ETL programs with a strong focus on performance and data quality management.

Your Life As a Maven:
Build and implement complex data solutions in the cloud (AWS, GCP and/or Microsoft).
Uncover and recommend remediations for data quality anomalies.
Investigate, recommend and implement data ingestion and ETL performance improvements.
Document data ingestion and ETL program designs, present findings, conduct peer code reviews.
Develop and execute test plans to validate code.
Your Expertise:
4+ years experience building complex ETL programs with Informatica, DataStage, Spark, Dataflow, etc.
3+ years experience in Python and/or Java, developing complex SQL queries, and working with relational database technologies.
Experience configuring big data solutions in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure or GCP).
Experience using cloud storage and computing technologies such as BigQuery, RedShift, or Snowflake.
Experience developing complex technical and ETL programs within a Hadoop ecosystem.
Your X-Factor:
Aptitude - You have an innate capacity to transition from project to project without skipping a beat.
Communication - You have excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordination across projects and teams.
Impact - You are a critical thinker with an emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Passion - You have the drive to succeed paired with a continuous hunger to learn.
Leadership - You are trusted, empathetic, accountable, and empower others around you.
Why We’re Proud To Be Mavens!
Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year 2019, 2018
#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE, 2018
Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work, 2017 & 2018
Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business
101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR)
Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch
Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine
Top IT Services Companies, Clutch
Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year
Ready to Learn More?
Life as a Maven
Check out the Data Team
See what Glassdoor has to say
Real Customer Stories
