Job Description
This role uses Data Science and engineering techniques to to support and advance analytic tradecraft, exploitation of data sets and solving customer hard problems. This role devises, evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Process (NLP), Social Network Analysis (SNA) and Machine Learning (ML). This role uses large data sets to perform entity resolution and extraction for work products and creates models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. This role collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, and Data Engineers to produce work products.

Primary Responsibilities
This role designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including “big data” sources.
This role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, models complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.
This role analyzes the requirements and evaluates technologies for data science capabilities including Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, predictive modeling, statistical analysis and hypothesis testing.
Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.
Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.
This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.


Requirements
Required Qualifications
Candidate must have an active TS/SCI Full Scope Polygraph.
Candidate must have BS with 15+ years or prior relevant experience or Masters with 13+ years of prior relevant experience
Experience displaying expert domain knowledge in a technical field.
Experience negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.
Experience leading critical objectives where decision making is of utmost concern to the outcome.
Experience supervising others.
