Q2 Solutions is a leading clinical trial laboratory services organization with end-to-end laboratory services and secure, enterprise-wide biospecimen and consent management solutions. With a relentless focus on quality and innovation, Q2 Solutions uses its global experience and scientific expertise to transform science and data into actionable medical insights that help customers improve human health. A joint venture of IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS) and Quest Diagnostics, Q2 Solutions combines the best of each parent organization’s clinical trials laboratory services capabilities to fulfill its mission of treating each sample as if a life depends on it.

PURPOSE

The LCMS Scientist in the LCMS Biologics team employs liquid chromatography separation techniques and mass spectrometric analysis for data collection, including nano-LC equipment and High-Resolution Mass Spectrometers. In addition to instrument operation, the LCMS Scientist is responsible for associated maintenance, documentation, and data processing in a manner which meets company objectives and timelines.

RESPONSIBILITIES

With limited guidance, perform fundamental LC/MS operations to include:
LC (including multi-dimensional chromatographic) system setup.
Mass spectrometer calibration, tuning, and optimization.
Routine LC/MS analysis (validations, sample analysis, etc).
Chromatographic peak integration (including post-acquisition processing of high resolution MS data).
Perform basic LC/MS instrument maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair skills.
Assist project managers with method troubleshooting through data interpretation, experimental design, and data collection.
Meet responsibilities and study objectives according to tight timelines.
Comply with all applicable regulatory standards, including Good Clinical and Good Laboratory Practices.
Preferred Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Experience with High Resolution Mass Spectrometry as applied to targeted quantitation of biomarkers and biotherapeutics.
Experience with application of low flow chromatography (nano and/or micro-flow LC) for high throughput analysis.
Understanding of immunoassay techniques as coupled to LCMS detection approaches.
Minimum Required Education and Experience
Two years’ relevant lab experience and Bachelor’s Degree in Chemistry or a related field; or equivalent combination of education.
Training and experience in GLP laboratory environment
Physical Requirements
Long periods of mental concentration.
Regular sitting and standing for extended periods of time.
EEO Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!
