Company Overview


At Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day.

Job Description


The Financial Analytics and Reporting team at MSK is responsible for developing and providing all financial and management reports to the senior management and supporting finance administration.

As our Financial Analytics Manager, you will be our Data, Application Insight and Integration Architect leading our efforts to standardize and improve our platform to support MSK’s financial and operational initiatives. You will manage the full development life cycle of complex projects requiring data integration to other systems including analysis, design, programming, implementation and support. You will influence, shape and innovate solutions to exponentially reduce the time-to-insight for finance management.

You will!
Be the technical leader for the planning, analysis, design, data modelling, programming, testing, and deployment of financial analytics, reporting and dashboard solutions for financial officers and other administrative support personnel.
Provide subject matter expertise regarding financial analytics, reporting and dashboard design and/or selection and implementation coordination and addressing multiple system and data integration issues.
Collaborate with business and technical owners to design, build and deploy data pipelines to/from various data sources, including the enterprise data warehouse.
Lead a team of Financial Analytics Specialists to support and maintain analytics platforms.
Contribute to Big Data and analytical discussions, lead business and IT stakeholders through designing a robust, secure and optimized architectures and ability to be hands-on delivering the target solution.
Participate in the definition of technical standards and guidelines that pertain to data and information-use, security, access and governance.
Ensure existing data/information assets are identified, stewarded, governed and leveraged across the enterprise.
Influence related processes among user groups to ensure efficiency.
Work with multi-functional teams to design and implement business requirements.
Develop detailed system and application specifications, including data conversion, interfaces, and custom reporting to ensure business requirements are met.
Manage and track the status of requirements throughout the project lifecycle; enforce and redefine as necessary.
Review, prioritize and track progress of issues that affect the project deliverables.
Guide project team members and monitor progress for assigned projects to assure deadline, standards, and cost target are met.
Ensure compatibility and consistency with enterprise standards including integration of related projects and adjustments to project scope.
You need!
7+ years of Information Systems experience, at least five years of data architecture experience, including business analytics, dashboard and reporting platforms including IBM Cognos and Tableau.
Minimum four (4) years report development or SQL writing or programming experience.
Experience with public cloud data platforms such as Azure (SQL DW, Data Lake, Data Factory), AWS (Redshift, or S3 Data Lake).
BA/BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, technical discipline or equivalent experience is required.
Ability to lead multi-functional teams and communicate well.
Ability to perform business analysis
Ability to stay focused under pressure, prioritizing and running multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment.
Healthcare industry experience is a strong plus but not required
#LI-POST

Closing


MSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision.

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
