Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to develop innovative solutions for customers and internal product teams. We look to rapidly prototype solutions and deploy the most promising of them. We identify and leverage the latest techniques (fast.ai is a team favorite) so that our customers can stay one step ahead. On every project you'll learn something new (and likely teach us something as well).

Responsibilities include:
Develop solutions spanning multiple subject areas, from NLP to image and video.
Maintain awareness of state-of-the-art machine learning and techniques, methods and platforms, including commercial and open source.
Implement, configure and test machine learning and deep learning libraries and platforms (e.g. fast.ai, TensorFlow, Keras, XGBoost, LightGBM).
Test solutions on AWS using services such as SageMaker, EC2, and Snowball Edge.
Write blog posts and presentations that clearly communicate complex machine learning concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Contribute to visually-appealing, web-enabled prototype applications that illustrate relevant machine learning capabilities.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience with Python (2+ years).
Experience with machine learning or statistics (2+ years).
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively.
High levels of curiosity, creativity, and problem-solving capabilities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Comfortable navigating the command line.
Desired Skills:
Research experience in machine learning specific to natural language processing, computer vision, or deep learning.
Experience with managing data and creating algorithms using AWS.
Experience with R, Java, or other programming languages.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI with polygraph required.
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
