Job Description Summary:
Job Description:


The Associate Scientist II, Pharmacology is responsible for performing and documenting scientific experiments that contribute to PTCs research and drug discovery activities in neurological and/or eye diseases. The Associate Scientist II, Pharmacology is also responsible for communicating experimental results to his/her supervisor and the project team. The incumbent works cross-functionally with internal departments and external resources as part of PTCs discovery and development science project teams. He/she supports adherence to relevant regulatory requirements and company Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as appropriate.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Primary duties/responsibilities:
Plans, initiates, and executes scientific research and experiments and interprets and communicates results as part of multi-disciplinary team(s) results. This includes, but may not be limited to, experiments in rodents for efficacy, distribution, behavioral, and non-GLP safety studies.
Responsible for dissecting and collecting ocular or CNS tissue for histological or biochemical analyses.
Responsible for intraocular drug delivery (Subretinal and intravitreal injections) to the eye and ICV injections to the brain.
Resposible for conducting behavioral studies for ocular and CNS programs.
Perform data analysis and prepare study report, and laboratory management duties.
Abides by all IACUC requirements when working with animals
Abides by all safety requirements.
Performs other tasks as assigned.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES REQUIRED

* Minimum level of education and years of relevant work experience.
Masters degree in Biological sciences and a minimum of 2 years of research experience.
* Special knowledge or skills needed and/or licenses or certificates required.
Experience in handling mice and rats. This includes, but may not be limited, performing IV/IP/SC/Intravitreal/Subretinal/ICV injections in mice and perform anesthesia and monitor animal health.
Dissection and isolation of rodent ocular tissues and brain.
Basic background in molecular biology is a plus.
Attention to detail.
Excellent verbal and written communication and skills.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively, as required, in a fast-paced, matrixed, team environment consisting of internal and external team members.
Analytical thinker with excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to adapt to changing priorities and deadlines
*Special knowledge or skills and/or licenses or certificates preferred.
Training/certification in ocular functional or structural analysis techniques is a plus.
Basic knowledge of ocular pharmacology and/or neurobiology is highly desirable.
* Travel requirements

0-10%

*Physical requirements (only note if the job requires physical capacity beyond general office work)

Laboratory based position. Must be able to drive to the animal facility and work with rodents.

Some weekend and/or night work may be necessary.

EEO Statement:

PTC Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome applications from all individuals, regardless of race, color, national origin, gender, age, physical characteristics, social origin, disability, religion, family status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, veteran status or any unlawful criterion under applicable law. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.

Click here to return to the careers page
