Company Overview

H2O.ai is the open source leader in AI with a mission to democratize AI for everyone. H2O.ai is transforming the use of AI with software with its category-creating visionary open source machine learning platform, H2O. More than 18,000 companies use open-source H2O in mission-critical use cases for Finance, Insurance, Healthcare, Retail, Telco, Sales and Marketing. H2O Driverless AI uses "AI to do AI" in order to provide an easier, faster and cost-effective means of implementing data science. H2O.ai partners with leading technology companies such as NVIDIA, IBM, AWS, Intel, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform and is proud of its growing customer base which includes Capital One, Progressive Insurance, Comcast, Walgreens and MarketAxess. For more information and to learn more about how H2O.ai is driving an AI Transformation, visit www.h2o.ai.

Job Summary:

We are looking for high-energy and driven account executives to help promote H2O.ai and close big deals. Successful candidates will have a proven ability to execute with seven or more years of enterprise software sales focused on enterprise big data, analytics, and/or data science software products. Ability to navigate and thrive in a fast-paced startup environment is critical. Specific vertical expertise in financial services, insurance, and/or healthcare is helpful, as is a knowledge of open source software business models.

As an Enterprise Account Executive at H2O.ai, you are skilled at navigating the customer buying process, conveying value and compressing the sales cycle. You bring a passion for innovation and translating complex technology into a high-ROI business outcome. You are skilled at qualifying opportunities, managing your time and that of your team wisely, and staying focused on the goal.

Qualifications and Skills:
Engage with CIOs, CDOs, CTOs, IT executives, Data Scientists and other key stakeholders
Manage and grow a pipeline of both net new and existing accounts
Capitalize on our land and expand strategy for quick wins while cultivating complex 7-figure transactions
Maintain impeccable Salesforce hygiene on all active opportunities and customer activity
Use solution selling to create and demonstrate value for customers
Strong qualification and time management skills; excellent written and verbal communication
Strong listening skills and ability to think strategically about structuring and winning deals
Requirements:
Minimum of 5+ years field sales experience within big data, analytics, and/or data science tools and technologies in large enterprise accounts.
Strong existing network in large enterprise accounts in your territory.
Proven track record of revenue overachievement, hunger to win.
Team player that knows how and when to enlist internal resources to ensure the desired outcome.
Bachelor's Degree required.
Benefits and Perks:
Flexible work hours and time off.
Competitive salary with uncapped commission and accelerators above quota
Medical, dental, vision
401k Retirement Plan
H2O.ai is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR
