Interested in joining a cause-driven, customer focused company dedicated to positively impacting the health of animals, people and the planet? Search our job listings below.

Basic Qualifications:
Ph.D. in Statistics, Biostatistics or related scientific discipline with 4 years industry experience, or
MS in Statistics, Biostatistics with 10 years experience
Travel Percentage:

0-10% (Domestic and International)

Position Description:

The purpose of this position is to provide statistical leadership and scientific expertise in the evaluation of drug and vaccine candidates in pursuit of global registrations in companion animals. This role contributes to the development of New Animal Health products by planning, coordinating, implementing, and reporting data of pilot and pivotal studies in compliance with global regulatory standards and guidelines. The candidate will lead and collaborate on responses to enquiries from global regulatory agencies, facilitate the selection and provide statistical oversight of Contract Research Organizations, author the statistical component of study protocols and reports, prepare randomization schedules, perform sample size calculations as well as plan and execute the statistical analyses. The individual will assist in planning study data management activities, collaborate on scientific publications and seek to innovate and refine processes related to efficient development and approval of companion animal products.

The individual in this role is expected to perform key leadership responsibilities which provide innovative solutions, a positive and motivating work environment, thereby ultimately delivering the pipeline.

Key Objectives/Deliverables:
Develop statistical methods, analyze data and write statistical reports to achieve team objectives within agreed upon timelines.
Provide input into development timelines regarding statistical tasks.
Provide scientific input on the design of study protocols (i.e. efficacy, safety, palatability, post marketing).
Interact with Data Management group(s) to ensure data collected in an appropriate format.
Liaise with other members of companion animal product development regarding the resolution of any data issues and transfer of data for statistical analysis.
Coordinate with internal and external statisticians, analysts and programmers with regard to the planning and execution of statistical aspects of laboratory and clinical trials.
Maintain proficiency with respect to SAS programming.
Coordinate and liaise with external organizations or internal colleagues to meet statistical resourcing needs.
Analyze, summarize and interpret data from studies conducted by the project team.
Responsible for the preparation of statistical tables, listings, figures, reports, or other information required for inclusion in study reports, statistical reports, internal/external presentations and publications.
Contribute to or co-author the writing of study reports.
Provide technical support and or consultancy for other R&D teams as a Subject Matter Expert in statistics.
Contribute in the preparation of regulatory submissions and responses.
Assist in the development and review of relevant Elanco Functional Practices and guidance documents.
Actively participate in the statistical Community of Practice; maintain current knowledge of publications and scientific progress in areas of applied statistics and biostatistics.
Develop and maintain expertise in relevant veterinary pharmaceutical areas.
Provide statistical expertise by participating in Global Regulatory Agency interactions.
Devise and promote the use of improved and/or innovative scientific and statistical methodologies.
Promote a collaborative environment and entrepreneurial mindset by exhibiting the Elanco values.
Ensure scientific integrity in all activities.
Additional Skills/Preferences
Good understanding of GXP and quality principles
Animal Health or Pharmaceutical experience preferred.
Elanco is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status
