This career opportunity is in our Minneapolis office. This individual contributor position will be a member of a high-performing technology team that leads the firm in Business Intelligence and data services by providing architectural guidance, technological vision and solution development. Specifically, this position will be utilizing advanced analytics, data science and machine learning to give our business and our products a competitive advantage. It includes understanding and managing the data, how it interconnects and architecting data for self-serve BI and BA opportunities. This position is for a person that is both business savvy and an expert in data analytics/data science that enjoys framing a problem, shaping & creating solutions and helping to champion implementation.

PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Identify and prioritize business use cases. Understand the business, strategy and work with business leaders to identify and prioritize problems that advanced analytics is suited to solve. Effectively communicate these ideas to senior management. In other words, translate business problems into advanced analytics/data science projects and lead in quantifying the various types of risk and rewards that allow these projects to be prioritized.
Stakeholder thought partner to stakeholders by understanding the business needs through a deep knowledge of business operations, the key strategic objectives of our stakeholders, and what stakeholders need to achieve those strategic objectives. Seen by the stakeholder as an extension of their team and brought in for strategic and operational conversations.
Operationalize data and analytic products while also making sure they continue to deliver value. Be able to tell the story of how data and analytics is positively impacting stakeholders. Work closely with the business to achieve real value through informed decisions and improved actions.
Give direction and insight on all data analytics large initiatives/epics/areas of focus.
Build end to end advanced analytics, DSML and AI solutions.
Collect and prepare data. You will help identify the business data needed to produce the most useful insights and future analytics. This would include business line and possible outside sources of data. Ensuring alignment on short-term delivery goals and long-term data and analytic roadmaps with clear articulation of expected value and how the work is to be prioritized.
Validate business implications. You will synthesize analytics-derived insights into easy-to-understand, actionable recommendations that business users can easily understand. Ensure that the insights generated through sophisticated analytics translate to help drive revenue and cost-effective scaling.
Stay abreast of the latest developments and advancements. And how they could impact SullivanCotter.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s degree in business, IT, mathematics, statistics or relevant degree program.
10+ years' experience in data analytics or a data scientist or data architect role.
Expertise solution design, problem framing, design thinking, analytics techniques and building solutions.
Skilled at communicating with a variety of methods to include written business cases, data visualizations and infographics.
Demonstrated technical excellence in BI, reporting and analytics tools, analytic solutions (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, R), data visualization, data analytics processing, Python, SQL, AI, and ML.
Experience with the techniques and technologies of data science, along with a comprehensive understanding of the challenges associated with each (e.g. overfitting, model refresh, challenge of acquiring training data, cost of compute, etc.).
Demonstrated communication and influencing skills with business and technical leaders. A talent for boiling complex ideas down to clear, practical choices. Track record of delivering multiple projects with tangible impact.
Extensive experience leading large complex projects, including strategic and tactical planning and implementation, analysis, design, technology selection and deployment.
Results driven–sets aggressive goals and is accountable for continuously driving improved outcomes, leads change, and ensures high standards.
Storytelling: ability to communicate complex ideas in a way that is digestible to broad audience and leads to decision and action.
Track record of developing and implementing innovative highly available, scalable and secure enterprise data and analytic deployments to meet current and future business needs.
BEHAVIORAL ATTRIBUTES
You are passionate about helping organizations drive their success utilizing data.
Skilled storyteller with a passion for data, you will analyze and evaluate data to create innovative advanced analytics to provide the business a competitive edge.
Inquisitive, desire to ask questions and get a deeper understanding of issues (business and data).
Innovative, ability to imagine new analytical solutions to any problem.
Confident, able to challenge perceptions and biases of individuals at every level of the organization in order to enact improvements.
Ability to communicate to both technical and non-technical people. Passion to give others an advantage of understanding by using accessible language.
Business oriented, solid understanding of business requirements and vernacular.
Highly detailed where and when you need to be, able to be less detailed when you need to be.
Curious, stays abreast of current and upcoming technologies and tools.
Applicants for employment must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Qualified applicants will be afforded equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, age, disability or marital status.

Apply Now
