Position Summary/ Purpose

Under the direction of the Quality Systems Leadership Team, the Healthcare Data Analyst II (HDA) is responsible for leading various data and analysis efforts for the Health Plan’s Clinical and Provider departments, programs and quality activities. The HDA must have significant experience in designing relational databases, complex query logic and statistical analysis. In addition to technical data concepts, the HDA will utilize sound research methods and statistical concepts in designing reliable studies/analyses, and payment algorithms supporting IEHP’s quality programs. The HDA presents study/analysis results to various audiences throughout the organization, including the leadership team.

Major Duties/ Responsibilities
Serve as technical lead in analysis and reporting efforts that support the Health Plan’s Clinical and Provider teams, programs and quality activities.
Significant participation in analysis, interpretation, and translating of complex health plan data, issues, trends, and relationships into effective strategies and action plans.
Present findings of analyses to various staff levels including executive team, leadership team and staff levels. Present results in formats that are easy to understand and appropriate to the audience.
Use analytical skills to determine solutions and resolve problems.
Exercises timely and accurate data mining techniques and develops new or modifies existing reports that ensure consistent and congruent conclusions to data analysis.
Applies statistical modeling methodologies when appropriate in the development of health plan, provider, and member analysis.
Develops and prepares reports to support IEHP’s clinical and provider units utilizing available analytics and data mining tools, including but not limited to: Microsoft Applications (including MS Access), SAS, SPSS, Crystal Reports, system-specific reporting tools (e.g., MedHOK, CRM,) or other related reporting software.
Responsible for evaluating report requests to determine requestor’s needs and objectives, identifying correct methodology for extracting data including data sources and criteria, and ensuring the delivered report is accurate, timely, and formatted appropriately.
Responsible for understanding the various data sources available within IEHP for reporting and analysis, as well as a clear understanding of IEHP business operations to be able to appropriately guide the development of quality program activities, including analysis and reporting.
Responsible for managing assigned projects and effectively communicating with the QS leadership team any project deadlines that may be in jeopardy of being met, well in advance of the due date.
Document all analysis / reporting projects following established protocols, ensuring replication of results by an independent reviewer.
Designs and enhances databases to support reporting and analysis needs, including testing, validating, and maintaining data integrity and accuracy, across multiple databases.
Demonstrate a commitment to incorporate LEAN principles into daily work.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with others throughout the organization.
Any other duties as required to ensure the Health Plan operations are successful.
Ensure the privacy and security of PHI (Protected Health Information) as outlined in IEHP’s policies and procedures relating to HIPAA compliance.
Education Requirement

Master’s degree required. 3 – 5 years experience required. In lieu of Master’s degree will accept Bachelor’s degree with 6 – 10 years of experience.

Specialized Knowledge/Skills

Data analysis, data presentation, spread sheet and database capabilities. Understanding of statistical methods and experience applying statistical methods to answer data questions. Working knowledge of data analysis, study methodology, and preparing professional documents. Ability to present reports / data analysis findings in group settings. Demonstrated experience working with large data sets and relational database structures. Proficient in of Microsoft Access, SAS, SSRS or other statistical applications are essential. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word and Power Point required. Ability to manage multiple projects with time-sensitive deadlines a must.

Pay Range: $77,896 - $99,424.00

some flexibilty commensurate with experience

Inland Empire Health Plan (IEHP) is the largest not-for-profit Medi-Cal and Medicare health plan in the Inland Empire. We are also one of the largest employers in the region. With a provider network of more than 6,000 and a team of more than 2,000 employees, IEHP provides quality, accessible healthcare services to more than 1.2 million members. And our mission and core values help guide us in the development of innovative programs and the creation of an award winning workplace. As the healthcare landscape is transformed, we’re ready to make a difference today and in the years to come. Join our Team and Make a Difference with us! IEHP offers a Competitive salary and a benefit package with a value estimated at 35% of the annual salary, including medical, dental, vision, team bonus, and retirement plan.

Nearest Major Market: Riverside
Nearest Secondary Market: Los Angeles
