RAPP NY is looking for a Data Scientist

to join our award-winning Technology team.


ABOUT RAPP

Our purpose

We are the agency absolutely, utterly, fiercely focused on the individual. We use our data, technology and creative smarts to make meaningful, connections with every single person a brand knows.

Our family

We are part of the OPMG group, which is in turn a part of Omnicom. This group also includes Critical Mass, Targetbase, Proximity, Credera, and sparks&honey and other well-known agencies.

Our home

Hint: a very famous, kryptonite-allergic news reporter used to work in this building. RAPP is located in the historic News Building at 220 E. 42nd St, where Christopher Reeve's Superman was filmed.

Our clients

From binge watching to business building and everything in between, we provide smart solutions for companies like Lilly, Charter, SAP, Pfizer, and American Family Insurance.

ABOUT YOU

You have 1-3 years of experience in a data science, data engineering, software engineering or statistics role. Additionally, a graduate degree is preferred. You should also have strong knowledge of R/Python programming, SQL, Cognos and/or other OLAP solutions.

You should have experience with unstructured data and APIs, and expertise in machine language/machine learning You also analyze large and small internal and external datasets to extract actionable insights and know how to develop statistical models to drive targeting, messaging and strategic decision-making.

You have experience with media mix modelling, multi touch attribution modelling, disparate data sets (customer database, marketing behavior, social data, qualitative research data, macro-economic data, etc.) to expose brand realities, market opportunities, and potential marketing strategies.

In your career, you have provided actionable insights, algorithms and computational solutions to real-world marketing challenges through the application of technology-based mathematical methods. Working with financial services or banking clients is a plus.

What else? Maybe you're a movie aficionado. Or maybe you have an impressively large vinyl collection? We'd love to know what makes you, you.
