RII develops cutting-edge software for the government and military. We use agile development practices and user-centered design to create innovative software solutions for complex real-world problems. We're breaking through the big, slow status quo with transformative technology that fundamentally changes and improves the world.

Our team is currently seeking Data Scientist for a position at INDOPACOM. The Data Scientist will work directly with INDOPACOM staff to identify, analyze, and model data within “problem-set context” and framed by developed(ing) plans.

If you are a sharp data scientist, computational researcher, or experienced analyst with demonstrated capabilities in implementing statistically validated analytical solutions we want to hear from you. Joining RII not only provides unique challenges and opportunities, it also directly and positively impacts many of our Defense and Homeland Security end users.
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING
Identify, develop, and evaluate statistical methods and machine learning capabilities in support of multiple customer projects
Maintain awareness of current and emerging capabilities in statistical methods, machine learning, and analytical technologies and how these apply to solving our customers’ challenges
Develop captivating solutions by collaborating with customers and development team
Document use cases, solutions, & recommendations to customers
WHAT YOU HAVE DONE
BS in a computational field (e.g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Astrophysics), or equivalent work experience
Proficient software development in Python or Java
Experience in statistical modeling with uncertainty quantification/performance estimation
Experience performing exploratory analysis – cleaning, joining, enriching, statistical modeling, and prototyping visualizations to identify latent trends and patterns
Experience curating training and analysis datasets – cleaning, enriching, joining, annotating, and crowdsourcing data for creating and evaluating production models
Working knowledge of databases (NoSQL and relational)
EVEN BETTER
Active TS/SCI preferred
Experience designing, developing, training, tuning, and deploying learning models in current ML frameworks (e.g., Tensorflow, PyTorch, Theano, Caffe, Spark MLib, etc.)
Excellent understanding of ETL and data analytics platforms
Experience with Agile Methodologies
Experience with natural language processing techniques and technologies
Extensive experience with model transfer techniques and methodologies
Experience applying machine learning techniques to sparse data sets
Experience with data quality and data profiling tools
An active TS security clearance is required for this role.

Research Innovations, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Apply for this job
