Work for an Industry Leader
Outstanding Opportunities
Challenging Projects
Dynamic Work Environment

Langan is an award-winning ENR Top 500 Design Firm that offers integrated engineering and environmental services for both public and private sector clients at sites located throughout the United States and abroad. Langan receives numerous recognitions for its technical expertise as well as its work environment, including “Best Places to Work” by NJBIZ, Zweig Group’s “Hot Firm” and ranked “Best Firm to Work For” in four categories, “Best Places to Work in Pennsylvania” by Best Companies Group and Pittsburgh Business Times “Best Places to Work in Western PA”, “Top Engineering Firm” by both San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal. Visit our website for more information about our awards and recognitions.

Langan offers its employees opportunities that provide challenge and responsibility within an environment where they can grow and flourish! Join our team of industry leaders and make a difference on some of the most exciting and interesting projects in the field!
Langan has an opening for Environmental Engineer, Scientist or Geologist - 4 to 8 Years Experience in our Seattle, WA office. As the successful candidate, your responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: providing field services for construction and site investigation projects, performing field tests and collecting field data, monitoring complex construction-related projects, compiling daily reports, and assisting in the preparation of project plans and reports. Excellent communication skills, possession of a strong technical education, professional demeanor, and desire to learn is essential. Some of your responsibilities will include working on projects with other Langan offices and may include travel to other Langan regions.

Job Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Engineering, Environmental Science, or Geology;
4 to 8 years of related environmental experience;
Professional Registration preferred but not required: EIT, GIT, PE, or PG;
40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER certification;
Field experience including gas/soil vapor/soil/groundwater sampling strongly preferred;
Knowledge and understanding of local environmental regulations is preferred;
Candidates must be able to work in the office and the field as necessary;
Attention to detail with excellent analytical and judgment capabilities;
Strong mathematics and computer skills;
Excellent communication and organization skills;
Possess a valid driver’s license in good standing and reliable transportation to job site and client locations; and
Availability to work Monday through Friday with evenings and weekends, when needed.

We offer competitive compensation packages; full-time employment company paid medical, dental, and vision coverage; life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance; 401(k)/Roth with company match; extensive training; buddy and mentoring programs; employee referral and professional license bonuses; educational reimbursement; and much more!

Equal Opportunity Employer
