The Role

The Spur Group is looking for a Client Delivery Manager – Data Analytics to join the Data Science& Analytics team. The Manager works closely with our employees and our clients to deliver strategic Data Science and Analytics projects. They also support the C-Suite in running the business. In this role, you will eventually lead teams of 3-4 consultants in the new Data Science and Analytics service line. The Manager will also be responsible for some Business Development activities and managing consulting engagements.

What You'll Do
Define the approach, project scope, schedule, requirements and deliverables for Data Science efforts.
Create the project team required to exceed the client’s expectations.
Work closely with clients and team members to drive projects to the desired outcome.
Manage the engagement teams and client relationships, as well as internal employee career development.
Know when to leverage the Principal to improve the engagement outcomes for the client.
Draft executive level client communications including emails, status, and executive presentations.
Prepare drafts of high quality, error free deliverables.
Maintain project hygiene integrity across systems.
Report out on project status to clients and firm leadership.
Coach Managers to effectively manage engagements and grow consultants in the firm.
Who You Are (What you’d bring to Spur)

Leader of Self:
You are curious; a lifelong learner
You are humble and lead by example
You have pride of ownership and wish to see things through to completion
You can identify required tasks and know when to ask for help
You thrive in a fast-paced environment
You can deal with ambiguity and still drive work products to completion
Leader of organization:
You are a strategic thinker capable of sharing and implementing new ideas.
You are a professional, and subject matter expert in Data Science and Analytics.
You are an effective communicator, both in writing and verbally.
You take appropriate action and make decisions using logic and available resources to drive outcome
You are disciplined to track details of, and follow through on projects, i.e. core PMO capability
Leader of others:
You are a self-starter and have a bias for action, and while you can work independently you also thrive on working with others to accomplish desired outcomes.
You effortlessly interact with people at all levels in a variety of situations.
You work collaboratively with other team members and mentor and motivate others to deliver results.
You are willing to personally drive work efforts when required.
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in (Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics or Economics) OR equivalent experience. Master Preferred.
5+ years of consulting experience with a national firm. Big 4 experience preferred.
5+ years of relevant professional experience required (Data Science and Analytics)
5+ years leading large scale Data Analytics and Data projects for Enterprise clients.
4+ years managing a team of professionals.
3+ years business process modeling and developing solutions architectures.
2+ years with Python, R, R Studio and building predictive models in clear concise and unique ways.
2+ years of knowledge and the application of Design Thinking Principals.
2+ years with DAX, and SQL Query and using visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, and QlikView.
Working knowledge of Azure Data Lake Services, Azure Databricks, Azure Machine Learning.
Working knowledge of data management platforms such as Snowflake, Segment, SQL Server 2016, SAP HANA, and Hadoop preferred.
Knowledge of ML and the associated design principals.
Experience providing solutions to Hi-tech, Telecommunications, Aerospace, Retail and the Entertainment industries preferred.
Understanding of Project Accounting and budgets and good business acumen with awareness of technology trends.
The Spur Group is an equal employment opportunity employer. We are committed to building diverse and inclusive culture that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We consider all candidates regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or characteristic protected by federal, state, and local law.
