Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.
