The Clinical Scientist will be responsible and accountable for supporting 2 investigational products targeting Mucopolysaccharidosis (MPS) I and MPS II. This person will ensure tactical execution of the clinical development strategy of each candidate drug and ensure it is aligned with therapeutic area goals while helping teams to efficiently execute delivery of development plans. The Clinical Scientist may serve in various roles including membership on a clinical team and clinical project sub-teams, may serve in leadership roles within these teams.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
As a member of and in collaboration with a multifunctional team (internal and external stakeholders) assist in the creation and maintenance of the clinical development plan (CDP) for assigned programs ensuring alignment with the Target Product Profile (TPP) and accounting for feasibility and regional requirements.
Work with the cross-functional team to establish and approve scientific methods for design and implementation of applicable nonclinical (as needed) and clinical studies.
Assist/participate in tactical execution of the clinical development protocols, KOL advisory boards/investigator meetings, and medical monitoring of trials.
Assist with the management of and input into Data Monitoring Board as appropriate.
Review and interpret study results and author study reports as appropriate.
May be a representative on the product development core team and may have a leadership role on clinical subteams for assigned programs/projects.
Expected to deliver medical and scientific expertise to help shape the key messages in support of the commercial and publication plans and author clinical publications.
Author and review key documents to support the components of a regulatory submission as appropriate.
Must stay current and be familiar with the latest thinking regarding treatment, drug development trends, and regulatory requirements in assigned disease and therapeutic areas in adults and/or the pediatric population as needed.
Assist establishing/maintaining relationships with KOLs and patient and disease advocacy organizations.
Accountable for the adherence to Good Clinical Practice, data integrity principles and other key REGENXBIO policy requirements by external and contract partners.


SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES REQUIRED
The ideal candidate will have the required blend of scientific knowledge, drug development expertise, business acumen, leadership ability and inter-personal skills to foster collaboration with cross-functional colleagues. Previous experience can come from a diversity of roles within pharma/biotech. Candidates who display sound leadership attributes including but not limited to managing by influence, data-driven decision making, creating positive team culture, good communication skills, and a drive for results will be preferred.
Advanced degree in scientific field required (Ph.D., Pharm.D. or other relevant advanced degree)
Proven track record of experience and leadership in drug development.
Practical experience including, development of product development plans, clinical investigational protocols, implementation of protocols, and interpretation of data.
Experience with gene or cell therapies and/or rare orphan diseases preferred.
Excellent leadership skills
Deep knowledge of drug development from end to end
Ability to manage multiple and diverse internal/external collaborations at different stages of development
The ability to work well under intense pressure, tight timelines, and in rapidly changing situations
Evidence of an entrepreneurial spirit and a capacity to find creative solutions to unexpected hurdles
Interacts effectively across boundaries with supporting REGENXBIO functions and disciplines using influencing, communication and relationship building skills
Commitment to anticipate, influence and direct change
Excellent listening and collaboration skills
