Job Description

Equal Opportunity Employer

Our Organization:

The Economic and Community Development Institute (ECDI) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit economic development organization headquartered in Columbus, Ohio with offices in Cleveland, Akron, Canton, and Cincinnati; and field operations in Toledo. ECDI is also a certified Community Development Corporation (CDC) a U.S. Treasury-designated Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI). ECDI’s mission is to invest in people to create measurable and enduring social and economic change. As one of the top SBA microloan intermediaries in the United States, with a service footprint in all of Ohio’s 88 counties, ECDI fills a gap in the credit industry by offering loans ranging from $750 to $350,000 to underserved entrepreneurs through more than 50 revolving loan funds.

Summary:

The Program Analyst for ECDI will be the primary contact and manager of grants outcome data and evaluation for the organization. This includes analyzing internal and external data for proposals, in addition to monitoring outcomes after funding has been awarded. To accomplish these goals, the Program Analyst will work with departments to collect, organize, store, and provide critical data to sources, including current and potential funders. S/he will have a solid understanding of ECDI’s data needs and will be an enforcer of data policies, processes, procedures, and standards determined by ECDI management. S/he will take a lead in preventing data quality issues by identifying frequent user errors and working with departments to strengthen user competence. Typical work is performed by reviewing and analyzing data entered into CRM Software and other internal and external data collection systems and preparing reports detailing results of analysis and responding to third party requests. Reports will also be used internally to analyze program performance and strategize ways to achieve efficient outcomes and goals.

Essential Duties:
Prepare data for monthly, quarterly, and annual data reports for distribution for both internal and external reporting use
Formulates, implements, and enforces proper data collection policies and procedures
Train and educate other staff on data management processes as necessary
Assist Senior Grant Writer with development of a data collection calendar
Identify causes of poor data quality, implement solutions, and communicate findings to employees, management, and stakeholders
Maintain and update CRM database
Maintain records and reports
Manage and collect data on a monthly basis to ensure monthly outcomes from program goals are achieved
Assist with completing abstracts/summaries for new/amended/extended program funding sources
Other Responsibilities:
Pull and summarize data (e.g., jobs created/retained and client demographics) from CRM Software to update monthly messaging statement
Assist with projections and internal lending goals
Lead internal data projects and processes, such as target market data consolidation for CDFI
Work with the Director of Development and Development Coordinators to pull data needed to compile summaries for working proposals (e.g., to determine outcomes for implementation) and pipeline proposals (feasibility determination)
Analysis of external public data including CRA data, Census data, business patterns
Conduct feasibility/market analysis for organizational expansion and proposal development
Other duties as assigned
Competencies:

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Program Knowledge - Understands the organization’s program services, policies, and procedures.
Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem-solving situations
Technical Skills - Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; pursues training and development opportunities; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; shares expertise with others.
Interpersonal Skills - Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; maintains confidentiality; listens to others; remains open to others' ideas and tries new things.
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; demonstrates group presentation skills; participates in meetings.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; varies writing style to meet needs; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information.
Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values; benefits organization through outside activities. - Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit. Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness.
Attendance/Punctuality - Ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at work, meetings, and appointments on time.
Dependability - Follows instructions; response to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.
Initiative - Volunteers readily; undertakes self-development activities; seeks increased responsibilities; looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; asks for and offers help when needed.
Qualifications:
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities - Takes initiative and has the ability to multi-task and effectively manage time and workload priorities. Familiarity with managing large databases preferred. Ability to maintain records and prepare reports and correspondence related to the position. Ability to read and understand policies and procedures as well as basic business documentation. Knowledge of standard commercial lending practices, procedures, and techniques is a plus.
Education and/or Experience – Bachelor Degree preferred and at least two (2) years working experience in a business/lending field, computer and communication skills, ability to multi-task, exceptional organization skills, detail-oriented, and must understand the importance of grant documentation and the care needed to ensure accuracy
Technical Skills - Experience with and knowledge of computer operation; knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc.). Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Access and Excel required. Familiarity with SPSS or equivalent and knowledge of SQL is a plus.
Analytical and Communication Skills - Ability to recognize patterns and anomalies in data. Ability to communicate complex findings and ideas in logical, easy to understand and actionable language.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations - Valid Ohio driver's license required within 60 days of hire
Other – Must pass a background check.
Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.
Continue

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $40,000.00 - $55,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
To help slow the spread of COVID-19 and safeguard our staff, ECDI has created an action plan for responding to COVID-19.

Experience:
Data Analysis Skills: 2 years (Preferred)
Reporting: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Company's website:
https://www.ecdi.org
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/ECDIoh/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
