The Role:

Moderna Infectious Diseases is seeking a talented, experienced and motivated Sr/ Scientist with experience in antigen design, protein production and characterization and structural biology. The candidate will be part of teams responsible for advancing therapeutic and vaccine candidates from early discovery to IND-enabling studies. The candidate will design and execute experiments to evaluate novel vaccines and antibody-based therapies for viral and bacterial diseases. The candidate will interface with collaborators and present results internally and externally. The ability to effectively communicate across internal multi-disciplinary teams and with external partners is required. Applicants should be outstanding scientists, collaborative team members and excellent communicators.

Here’s What You’ll Do:
Design and validate vaccines and immunotherapy candidates in vitro, in vivo and ex vivo.
Interpret, troubleshoot, and report complex data. Propose novel vaccine and therapeutic targets aligned with Moderna’s scientific strategy and capabilities.
Work closely with cross-functional teams across the Moderna ecosystem, collaborators and CROs to progress candidates from discovery through IND-enabling studies.
Maintain expertise in the field of infectious disease vaccines, immunotherapy and therapeutic developments, biomarker discovery and patient outcomes, thoroughly keeping up-to-date with literature, attend relevant meetings, and liaise with external experts in the field.
Manage multiple experiments, projects and interactions with supporting functions.
Provide scientific and technical support for multidisciplinary project teams.
Prepare documents and present strategy, results, project updates, and summaries.
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
Exceptional PhD with expertise in protein production, engineering and characterization. Knowledge of vaccinology, virology and immunology is required. Knowledge of bacteriology and bacterial immunology is a plus. We are particularly interested in candidates who have experience in structural biology and structure-based vaccine design.
Experience in protein evaluation is required, including in vitro assays such as serum ELISA and neutralization assays and experience in design and/or functional evaluation of antibodies is desirable.
Expertise in cellular and molecular biology (e.g. cell culture, transfections, transductions, protein chromatography, western blotting, immunoprecipitation, ELISA and flow cytometry) is necessary.
Proven track record of high impact publications and presentations in the field of protein or antigen design and immunology.
The ability to work in a cross-functional work environment is critical; strong leadership skills and independence are expected.
Excellent written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills; ability to influence and collaborate in a team environment.
Candidate will be curious in exploring new paths for vaccine and drug discovery, bold in proposing creative experimental designs and ideas. Will work collaboratively with multifunctional teams and will be relentless in pursuing successful outcomes.
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:

Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.

Our Mission:


Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.

Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.

Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.

#LI-MM1
