1 Broadway (21026), United States of America, Cambridge, Massachusetts

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Lead Data Engineer

Being Capital One Tech:

At Capital One, we consider ourselves the bank a technology company would build. Were delivering best-in-class innovation so that our 65 million customers - and counting - can manage their finances with ease. Our reality and vision empower our engineers to use artificial intelligence and machine learning to transform real-time data, software, and algorithms into financial clarity.

Were all-in on the cloud and a leader in the adoption of open source, RESTful APIs, microservices, and containers. We build our own products and release them with a speed and agility that allows us to get new customer experiences to market quickly. Were going boldly where no bank has gone before. And, as a founder-led company, were inspired and empowered to make, break, do, and do good. So, lets do something great together.

Your #LifeatCapitalOne

Looking to work somewhere with the flexibility of a start-up but the financial muscle of a Top-10 bank? Youre in the right place! And heres what that means for you

You'll have a flexible work schedulewe want to understand where and when you're at your best so you have a healthy work-life balance. Diversity and Inclusion are cultural norms hereyoull have access to active local chapters of Women in Tech, Blacks in Tech, and Hispanics in Tech and more. Plus, youll be given time to support the next generation of technologists by volunteering with youth programs like Capital One Coders - our engineer-led experience that teaches middle school students in underserved communities how to code. Want to learn more? See what our associates are up to at #LifeatCapitalOne!

Calling All Data Engineering Leaders:

A hub for innovation, our New York presence is expanding, and we need Data Engineering Leaders who know their stuff to join our team. As a Capital One Data Engineer, youll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Youll work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems. Youll collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions to drive powerful experiences that help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment. Want to learn more? Check out the low-down on our high-tech.

Who You Are:
You are fun to work with youre excited by a team environment
You are curious. You like to learn new technologies, and you adapt well to change
You are passionate about current state-of-the-art software technologies and tools, with experience implementing them effectively
You are excited about working with cloud-native stack, building on AWS using technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless
You possess a sense of intellectual curiosity and a burning desire to learn
You are motivated and actively looking for ways to contribute
You are passionately focused on the customer and the details that make their experience exceptional
You value data and truth over ego
You possess a strong sense of engineering craftsmanship, take pride in your code
Youre pragmatic - you make the best use of time and resources to find the simplest workable solution
You think and act like an owner, taking personal responsibility for both team and product success
You possess great communication and reasoning skills, including the ability to influence and make a strong case for technology choices
You thrive in collaborativeagile teams and are ready to take on new and unexpected challenges while building the next wave of engineering solutions
What Youll Own:
Collaborating with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Leading the craftsmanship, security, availability, resilience, and scalability of your solutions
Bringing a passion to stay on top of current trends, experiment with and learn new technologies, participate in internal & external technology communities, and mentor other members of the engineering community
Encouraging innovation, implementation of cutting-edge technologies, outside-of-the-box thinking, teamwork, and self-organization
Assisting in the hiring of top engineering talent and maintaining our commitment to diversity and inclusion
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 5 years of experience in application development
At least 2 years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper)
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree
8+ years of experience in application development
2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices
5+ years of experience developing Java based software solutions
5+ years of experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell)
5+ years of experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems
5+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux
5+ years of experience providing technical leadership on relevant applications
2-years of experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink,
2+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud
2+ years of experience with Ansible / Terraform
1+ years in-depth experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive and, Hbase)
1+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo and Cassandra)
At least 1 year of people management experience
Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.
