** Elutions will be unable to sponsor or transfer any additional H-1B visas during the next 5 years**

Elutions is a global Enterprise AI & Automation company, empowering clients to drive continuous efficiency, cost and quality improvements. As the top leader in our industry, world-wide, we are constantly on the lookout for go-getters, people who aren't afraid to work hard, but have fun at the same time. Those who join our team aren't just bright, but are willing to develop and hone their skills every day, all while making a significant difference in the world.

Data Scientist Responsibilities:
Perform exploratory data analysis and statistical modelling with high quality data handling techniques
Create meaningful data visualizations to communicate findings using python, PowerBI, etc.
Expand and improve current models and algorithms using research skills and previous experience
Perform feasibility, impact, technical risks and gap analysis.
Apply new mathematical methodologies to achieve specific models or analysis.
Create scalable model applicable to real time problems overcoming data barriers.
Incorporate process of continuous improvements into day-to-day tasks, aiming for quality refinements in statistics and data handling methods.
Troubleshoot problems and quality assurance in the processes with timely quality/ maintenance checks.
Update existing code to support ongoing analytic applications. Update, maintain and document existing work.
Collaborate with Research & Insights, Product Development, IT and other teams to conceptualize and implement analytic software from start to finish.
Design and deploy highly scalable ML architectures as solutions in Oil & Gas, Manufacturing, Retails industries.
Integrate ML software into Maestro, our AI Platform, with a professional software engineering team.
Perform other duties and projects as directed.
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to leverage computing frameworks to mine, process, and present the value from unstructured data.
Previous experience working on Machine Learning projects and problems in the classroom/industry
Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, computability and complexity, and computer architecture.
Solid understanding of probability, statistics, distributions, and analysis methods.
Knowledge of programming languages such as Python, R, Perl, SQL and Java.
Knowledge of Machine Learning tools, libraries, and APIs such as scikit-learn, Theano, Spark, or TensorFlow and apply them to effectively choose a proper model.
Ability to work with unstructured data.
Ability to model and evaluate data sets to determine useful patterns.
Interface effectively with customers, other departments and managers to resolve industries customer problems and issues.
Educational Requirements:
Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in one of the following disciplines (or similar): Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Advanced Mathematics, Machine Learning
Master’s degree preferred
Certifications preferred
