At Alector, our mission is to develop therapies that empower the immune system to cure neurodegeneration. Our team is solely focused on developing cures for some of the most challenging diseases facing our society. We are supported in this mission by experienced and accomplished scientists and board members, leading healthcare investors and some of the most innovative pharma companies.

As an investigator in our Genomics team, you will play a key role in Alector's efforts to understand the biology of brain disorders and translate phenomenal science into exceptional drugs. You will work closely with other scientists to validate original targets and develop innovative drugs targeting the immune cells to treat neurodegenerative disorders and cancer. You will apply your existing technical skills to carry out analyses central to Alector’s scientific discovery effort - and learn new skills along the way. As an early hire, you’ll be influential in championing and developing Alector’s culture and discovery strategy.
During your first year, your goals will include:
Closely collaborate with research scientists to develop cell models to evaluate new potential target genes
Keep track of cutting-edge methods and introduce them when appropriate
Communicate analytical analyses verbally and in writing to teammates
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have expertise in induced pluripotent stem cells manipulation and differentiation, ideally towards myeloid cell types
You have experience in cell culture and lentiviral transduction, ideally with CRISPRi/CRISPRa systems
You take pride in being persistent, self-motivated, and efficient
You thrive in an environment where we work independently and on teams
You demonstrate a track record of learning new things and troubleshooting independently
You have a working knowledge of current technologies for genomic data generation, such as RNAseq
You have a PhD with at least 3 years of postdoc or equivalent experience in industry in immunology, neuroscience or cell biology.
You have a point of view but are low ego
At Alector, we believe that high-performing teams include people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences who can challenge each other’s assumptions with fresh perspectives and bring creative ideas to the table. We are committed to building an open, diverse, and inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws.
Alector is a great place to learn and experiment. If you excel in a dynamic environment where everyone is committed to finding a cure, where you’ll drive growth, this is the role for you. There is no limit to how far you can go with us.

Benefits
While we’ve focused on what to look forward to during the first year and beyond, Day One is great, too: committed and driven colleagues, a bold and important company goal, state-of-the-art brand-new brightly-lit offices in the heart of the biotech area, competitive compensation and benefits. But these matter only if you’re excited to build and own something great, and take on these challenges with us. Come join us.
