Data Scientist

Our Healthcare Data Scientists advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled
solutions that help our clients improve the U.S. healthcare system. Data
Scientist will investigate and become an expert in various healthcare datasets.
Scientists will provide insights into leading analytic practices, design and
lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and
innovative analytic solutions that will become part of our core capabilities.

Data Scientist Anomaly Detection will work with cross-functional team
members to develop machine learning solutions to detect operational, clinical
and financial anomalies in healthcare, and work with domain experts to identify
the underlying root causes of these anomalies and to develop remedial roadmaps.
The overall objective is to reduce the cost of healthcare (COHC) and to improve
the overall healthcare experience, including care quality and patient
satisfaction.

As a Cogitativo Data Scientist, you will provide expertise on computational
concepts for our broader applied analytics team and inspire the adoption of
advanced analytics and data science across the breadth of our organization as
well as our client end-user community.

Job responsibilities include:
Work in cross-functional teams to translate algorithms into commercially
viable products and service
Collaborate on the development, deployment, and application of machine
learning techniques, focusing on anomaly detection and root-cause
analysis
Design innovative data science solutions, build prototypes, to enable the
development of high-performance algorithms into scalable, product-ready
code
Ability to articulate client challenge questions through consultations,
team meetings, case framework analysis, and other applicable strategies.
Ability to break client challenge questions into small manageable
segments (identify the factors that affect the problem; decide how to
approach the project).
Conduct objective research on project situational demands, and other
related topics to support critical analysis.
Interview or facilitate a focused group discussion with stakeholders,
managers, supervisors, and other employees for additional data gathering.
Participate in brainstorming sessions, finalization, and presentation of
recommendations for solutions to the client business dilemma.

Required qualifications include:
Masters in a quantitative discipline: Statistics, Applied Mathematics,
Computer Science, Operations Research, Biophysics, Computational Biology,
Physics, Engineering or Machine Learning.
Deep understanding of statistical and predictive model concepts, machine
learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques,
recommendation/optimization algorithms
Experience with machine learning models for anomaly detection
Experience with Deep Learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Theano, Keras,
Caffe preferably on large datasets, and god understanding of Deep
Learning methodology and implementation.
Vast knowledge and experience with machine learning algorithms and
statistical tools like Python scikit, R, MLLib, etc.
Experience with algorithmic work on NLP datasets is highly desired
Expert in analyzing large complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a
variety of tools
Ability to thrive and demonstrate constant applied learning in a highly
complex, interdisciplinary, and dynamic work environment
Strong programming experience in Python, SQL
Strength in communication: verbal, written, and interpersonal
Self-motivated, exceptional organization skills and attention to detail
Contact: If you're up to making an impact on humanity and this position sounds
like an attractive match for you, please email your CV or profile link today to
