Are you a problem solver who loves analyzing data, and then turning it into information and knowledge that supports and enables key business processes? Do you possess good interpersonal and communication skills and enjoy working in a high performing team environment? Is a culture where “People
Count,” “We Do the Right Thing,” and “We Hold Ourselves to Very High Standards”
important to you?

If so, ReedGroup is seeking
a Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst who will perform business intelligence, reporting, and data analysis for Customer Service and Delivery.

What you'll do ...
You'll work with internal and external customers and IT partners to determine business requirements, priorities, define key performance indicators (KPI), and develop BI and data warehouse (DW) strategy.
You'll conduct analyses of functional business processes and functional business requirements and participate in the development of business cases in the support of process changes. This includes working with business and development teams to design, and document dashboards, alerts, and reports.
You'll be accountable for providing leadership and independent initiatives in facilitating information gathering, structured documentation and presentation of findings to all levels of management.
You'll work on small to mid-sized and cross-functional IT and business intelligence solutions.
You'll interpret business requirements and determine optimum BI solutions to meet needs.
You'll provide input to business requirements for the design of solutions and the development of information quality metrics.
You'll identify and provide input to new technology opportunities that will have an impact on the Enterprise wide BI systems.
You'll participate in the workstream planning process including inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of BI solutions.
You'll provide input to standards, policies and procedures for the form, structure, and attributes of the BI tools and systems.
You'll research business problems and create models that help analyze these business problems.
You'll research tools, frameworks and mechanisms for data analytics.
You'll design and deliver end-user training and training materials.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Management.
2 years of relevant experience
Working experience with Data Visualization and SQL
Knowledge of BI tools (Tableau, PowerBI, SSRS, etc)
Knowledge of relational database concepts and data warehousing concepts
Proven ability to create reports from existing databases and non-relational data sources
Functional Skills
General knowledge of supported business functions, systems, and transactions
Familiar with technology system processes, reporting functions, and methodologies
Works effectively with associates from across the CGM Profit Center and with business and IT partners
About ReedGroup:
As the largest exclusive provider of absence management services, ReedGroup has been dedicated to helping employees return to work safely for more than 35 years. We create a seamless experience so clients can excel at their jobs and better serve their employees – supporting a thriving, engaged, and skilled workforce.
Our promise:

At ReedGroup, you’ll have the support and
flexibility to achieve your professional and personal goals.

Through skill-building, leadership development
and philanthropic opportunities, we provide opportunities to build communities
and grow your career, surrounded by diverse colleagues with high ethical
standards

We offer:
Meaningful and challenging work opportunities to accelerate
technology and innovation in a secure and compliant way
Competitive compensation
Excellent medical, dental, supplemental health, life and vision
coverage for you and your dependents with no wait period
Life and disability insurance
A great 401(k) with match
Tuition assistance, paid parental leave and backup family care
Dynamic, modern work environments that promote collaboration and
creativity
Flexible time off, dress code, and work location policies to
balance your work and life in the ways that suit you best
Social responsibility in all aspects of our work. We
volunteer within our local communities, create educational alliances with
colleges, drive a variety of initiatives in sustainability, and advocate for
diversity and inclusion in all that we do.
A work-life balance:

We recognize the importance of a work life
balance. We promote healthy lifestyles and flexible work arrangements for
our employees.

About ReedGroup:

As the largest exclusive provider of absence
management services, ReedGroup has been dedicated to helping employees return
to work safely for more than 35 years. We create a seamless experience so
clients can excel at their jobs and better serve their employees – supporting a
thriving, engaged, and skilled workforce.

ReedGroup is a wholly-owned, independent
subsidiary of The Guardian Life Insurance Company – providing even more ways we
can better serve people. Guardian has been helping people protect their futures
and secure their lives for more than 150 years, and today serves 27 million
people by helping them find financial confidence and well-being in life,
health, and wealth. And as one of the largest mutual insurance companies, we
know what matters most: putting the needs of customers first.

ReedGroup is an equal
opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for
employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin,
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or
any other status protected by applicable law.
