As a Data Engineer at Productive Edge, you will be a member of a high-performing team delivering software solutions to clients. Your days will normally consist of the following activities:
Provide technical analysis, design, development, and enhancement.
Provide process, data and object modeling in a variety of application and database environments.
Provide database design, development, and enhancement, as well as management and coordination of changes to existing applications.
To excel in these daily activities, a Data Engineer at Productive Edge would make use of the following experience and skills:
2+ years hands-on design and development experience with the Java platform.
2+ years hands-on experience with object-oriented design and development, including strong working knowledge and experience with various architectural and design patterns.
Strong understanding of building and maintaining big data pipelines.
Hands on experience with Spark, including leveraging streaming data & analytics.
Hands on Cloud experience, preferably with Microsoft Azure and/or Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
Knowledge or experience with Machine Learning is a plus!
Understanding of multiple core technologies and leading open source frameworks of the JEE platform, including Hibernate, Spring, etc.
Knowledge of SQL and NoSql databases with diverse working experience.
Successful completion of projects working in an Agile environment.
Experience working effectively with offshore developers.
Experienced in problem-solving, and able to follow a methodical implementation process.
Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple projects, and rapidly changing priorities.
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience.

About Productive Edge

Productive Edge is a Chicago-based leader in digital transformation. As digital business consultants, we focus on digital strategy, customer experience, operations improvement, and product & services enablement. How do we do this? Through launching solutions for Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI), Intelligent Automation (IA), Internet of Things (IoT), and Cloud Native Solutions. Sounds fun, right? It gets better...and that’s where you come in!

Productive Edge offers the dynamic opportunity to use your talents in a progressive, highly-collaborative environment that values innovation and creativity. We are a culture that stays on the cusp of today’s developing and emerging technologies. Our passion, ingenuity, and dedication sets us apart from other consultants (as does our modern work atmosphere with fun outings, foosball, stocked fridge and other activities). Because we work with and develop solutions for some of the world’s most exciting brands, we are actively searching for individuals who are ready to change the way the world operates.

And if that’s not enough, Productive Edge has been featured as one of Chicago’s 101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, included in Crain’s Fast 50, and is a regular on Inc. 5000.
