The Role:

Moderna is seeking a Scientist for a position based at their Norwood, MA site. The individual in this role will be a highly skilled, meticulous and motivated scientist who will focus on analytical characterization of mRNA and Lipid Nanoparticle (LNP) formulations. He/she will work cross-functionally to design and coordinate analytical characterization and/or comparability studies to support regulatory submissions and pipeline progression. The successful candidate will also work closely with Scientists and Research Associates within the Analytical Development functional teams to develop, characterize and/or implement fit-for-purpose, robust, characterization methods, appropriate for late-phase pharmaceutical development.

Here’s What You’ll Do:
Provide scientific guidance for designing phase appropriate characterization studies and coordinate their execution in a systematic and collaborative manner
Generate and/or review high quality analytical data, write scientific protocols and reports to support phase appropriate documentation requirements
Identify, develop and implement novel biochemical and biophysical methods to further enhance knowledge or to address potential analytical characterization gaps for mRNA and Lipid Nanoparticles
Experience with DOE is preferred but not required
Accountable for project success and results delivery
Present results in departmental and cross-functional project team meetings; present at external meetings and publish scientific papers.
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
Ph.D. (0-4 years of relevant experience) or MSc. (4-8 years of experience) with analytical focus (Analytical Chemistry, Biochemistry, Biophysics or related science
Exceptional understanding of scientific principles and scope of characterization in a biotech setting
Hands on expertise with spectroscopy and light scattering instrumentation and techniques with focus on particles measurements
Relevant exposure to standard separation techniques like SEC, RP, HIC and cIEF
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of teams
Capacity to handle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Capable to quickly adapt to changing priorities and thrive in a dynamic, entrepreneurial setting
Scientifically curious, pragmatic and driven to succeed
Personable, organized and detail oriented
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:

Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.

Our Mission:


Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.

Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.

Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.

#LI-TS1
