Directly is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer specializing in Natural Language Processing to join our Data Science team and work with our unique data - impacting our customers via machine learning and driving revenue. You will rapidly prototype machine learning models with production data and directly impact our enterprise customers’ KPIs, creating a wonderful AI-powered customer experience for end-users. This Machine Learning Engineer will be crucial in developing and iterating on our conversational AI engine, partnering with members of our Data Science team, and working cross-functionally across the company to configure ML models and share state of the art Machine Learning and AI techniques. We can’t wait to hear from you!
What You'll Do:
Incorporate best Machine Learning practices into products and solutions across the organization
Write production level Python code to deliver production ready Machine Learning models that will impact enterprise customers like Samsung, Microsoft, and Ancestry
Design and conduct experiments in an effort to improve Machine Learning models and create new Machine Learning pipelines
Maintain Machine Learning pipeline configurations and collaborate with our Analytics teams to ensure that ML models are performing optimally
Make an impact on a lean, high-caliber team driving a positive customer-experience via AI (improving resolution rate, deflection rate, CSAT, etc.)
Participate in our bi-weekly journal clubs and present on state of the art ML/AI techniques
What We're Looking For:
2-5+ years of work experience as a Machine Learning Engineer and/or Data Scientist with engineering experience
Experience in an agile, fast-moving environment with rapid prototyping
Degree in Computer Science or related technical field
Experience building predictive models / Machine Learning models
Strong Python skills
Strong background in deep learning libraries such as Tensorflow or Pytorch
Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP) models and comfortability building predictive models with text data
Strong communication skills and ability to work cross-functionally, translating complex concepts to a non-technical audience
Collaborative team player who loves to teach and learn
Bonus Points:
Involved in building conversational-AI systems
Industry experience in customer support / CX
At Directly, we are focused on building a dynamic and inclusive community where everyone can do the best work of their lives. Directly is an equal opportunity employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment. We hire, develop, and retain the most talented individuals by celebrating our diverse cultures, perspectives, skills, and experiences.



Directly provides resilience to companies by delivering more automated and elastic customer support operations. Our platform integrates into the contact center to understand customer issues, automate common solutions, and engage community experts. This enables customer support leaders to resolve customer issues with the right mix of automation and human support.

Companies like Airbnb, Microsoft, and Samsung use the Directly platform to improve the customer experience, boosting CSAT by 20%, while saving millions per year.

We are based in San Francisco and backed by Microsoft’s M12 Ventures, Samsung NEXT, True Ventures, Costanoa Ventures, Industry Ventures, Triangle Peak Partners, and Northgate Capital.

Directly has an amazingly talented team focused on collaboration and melding together creativity, technology, and data-driven insights. Come join us and contribute to our culture of curiosity, authenticity, and innovation!
