About Turn/River

Turn/River Capital is a leading technology-focused private equity firm headquartered in San Francisco with $700M under management. We specialize in growth capital investments, founder liquidity, buyouts, spin-outs, and recapitalizations of small-scale web technology.

Our mission is to grow established B2B SaaS companies that have been largely bootstrapped, lean, and profitable to date. We combine capital with data-driven marketing, sales optimization, and operational execution to help companies double or triple their growth and build significant value.

At Turn/River, we are analytically minded, curious by nature, and voracious learners. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer with an inclusive working environment.

About the Role

We are looking for a passionate data driven person to join our internal operational team. You will be responsible for supporting the marketing, sales, and customer success leaders internal to Turn/River, as well as working on projects for our portfolio companies that will have an immediate impact on growth.

As a part of the data team, you will be responsible for all aspects of the data lifecycle: putting systems in place to collect the data, clean the data, find insights within the data, and ultimately present those insights to business leaders to make decisions. The long term vision is to work with the rest of the data team to build a playbook that defines the systems, tools, integrations, and analytics that can be applied to any new and existing portfolio companies. This playbook will then be used by the investment team to underwrite future investments.

Responsibilities
Interpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniques
Building dashboards for the marketing, sales, and customer success teams to track the core metrics of our portfolio companies
Implementing data collection systems
Perform deep analyses and build models to extract key insights and patterns that impact business decisions
Collect, combine, and clean data from multiple sources
Implement Salesforce, Outreach, and other business tools for our portfolio companies that will allow us to track the necessary metrics
Conduct Salesforce administrator duties for the portfolio companies when needed — create process builders, build dashboards, add fields/objects, etc.
Experience/Skills
2 years of experience in a data analyst, data scientist, or other analytical role
B.A/B.S in a quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, engineering or business analytics
Strong excel skills, including array formulas
Comfortable in SQL and some experience with a programming language, Python or Javascript is a plus
Experience building dashboards in BI tools such as Tableau or Looker
Very data-driven, intellectually curious, and numerically inclined
Strong project management, organizational, process management, and communication skills
Knowledge of Salesforce implementation is a plus but not required
Benefits
An opportunity to make a dramatic impact across multiple high growth tech firms
Competitive salary, equity, and health benefits
401K
Commuter benefits
Equipment of your choice
Energetic work environment with perks - snacks, monthly team lunches, etc
A company who enjoys having fun; holiday and summer parties, annual global company offsite, and lots of other great stuff
