What We'll Bring:

At TransUnion, we have a welcoming and energetic environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. We are consistently exploring new technologies and tools to be agile. This environment gives our people the opportunity to hone current skills and build new capabilities, while discovering their genius.
Come be a part of our team – you’ll work with great people, pioneering products and cutting-edge technology.

What You'll Bring:
A graduate degree in a STEM field with advanced coursework in statistics and machine learning
7+ years of professional analytical modeling experience, solving problems relevant to the problems we solve at TransUnion
Expert proficiency with one or more statistical programming languages such as R or SAS
Strong written and verbal communication skills: ability to clearly articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences, strong presentation skills with comfort presenting to executive audiences
Strong time and project management skills with the ability to oversee and manage project teams to meet project deliverables inclusive of delegating work, setting clear goals, providing coaching and feedback, and managing customer expectations
Direct and effective experience managing junior analytical professionals preferred
Ability to travel periodically to client sites
Impact You'll Make:
You’ll functions as an insurance analytics expert on meetings with clients and partner companies. You’ll actively contribute to insurance analytics strategy by contributing ideas, preparing presentation/sales material for customers, and product design/business case materials for TransUnion leadership.
You’ll provide mentorship and training to junior colleagues and maintain progress on all initiatives under minimal direct supervision. You’ll foster a high performance culture and cultivate an environment that promotes excellence and reflects the TransUnion brand.
You’ll partner with internal and external cross-functional teams to drive new business initiatives and deliver long term value-added product propositions for business customers in the US and international insurance segments at TransUnion. This includes but is not limited to the development of predictive models and business intelligence solutions for insurance carriers.
Independently leads data analysis and modeling projects from project/sample design, business review meetings with internal and external clients deriving requirements/deliverables, reception and processing of data, performing analyses and modeling to final reports/presentations, communication of results and sales support.
Explores internal and external data to create innovative new products to be implemented at a variety of insurance carriers.
Utilizes advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to create high-performing predictive models and creative analyses to address business objectives and client needs.
Actively contributes to insurance analytics strategy by contributing ideas, preparing presentation/sales material for customers, and product design/business case materials for TransUnion leadership.
Follows industry trends in insurance and related data/analytics businesses. Contributes ideas and actively participates in the investigation and research of new processes, resources and technologies that can potentially be implemented to provide improved customer solutions or to broaden TransUnion's analytic consulting and related services capabilities.
Design and lead initiatives involving descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analysis leveraging a variety of techniques (such as segmentation, logistic regression, survival analysis, principal component analysis, and machine learning).
Dig in by extracting data and performing segmentation and statistical analyses on large population datasets (using languages such as R, SAS, SQL, and Python)
Deliver analytic insights and recommendations in succinct and compelling presentations for internal and external customers at various levels including an executive audience; may lead key presentations to clients
Help to cultivate an environment that promotes excellence, innovation, and a collegial spirit
Serve as a subject matter expert on the team and act as a mentor to more junior team members; may directly manage a small team of Analysts
Serve as an advisor and partner to the senior management team: proactively seek out opportunities for innovation and present new ideas and solutions on behalf of the team
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, veteran status, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.

TransUnion's Internal Job Title:

Sr Consultant, Data Science and Analytics
