Tuesday, December 10, 2019

JOB SUMMARY:

Extract and analyze health care data for specific studies
and corporate initiatives, assisting with data intensive projects. Serve as a technical resource to department
staff and management. Work with
management of operational areas to assist them in accumulating data to meet
their needs. Provide advice to management
regarding effective techniques to analyze and report on data to display the
most effective result.

ESSENTIAL JOB
FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine to moderately complex analysis and design
for various business applications.
Create reports and spreadsheets displaying data in a logical
and concise manner.
Develop procedures to enhance reporting and query
capabilities to improve efficiency and accuracy.
Maintain documentation of business specifications pertinent
to the business requirements.
Provide fundamental analytical support to the organization
by developing and promoting consistent analytical methodologies.
Design and model data extractions and provide comprehensive
assessments of trends and data.
Participate in department initiatives and projects.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics,
Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and
experience
Three to five years
of health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database
design, and technical documentation experience
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and
Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
HIAA certification
Experience in the health insurance industry
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Advanced analytical skills, with the ability to interpret
and synthesize complex data sets
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database
software and other application development tools
Good business acumen and political savvy
Knowledge of business process improvement techniques and
strategies
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Negotiation skills
Presentation skills
Decision-making skills
Good problem solving skills
Ability to interface with employees at all levels
Ability to effectively navigate ambiguous situations with
limited direction
Excellent organizational skills and ability to successfully
prioritize multiple tasks
Ability to handle multiple priorities/projects

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the "EEO is the Law" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary
