Overview

This data scientist position will utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large datasets. The role requires the ability to work with a variety of stakeholders and functional teams to uncover data-based insights to deliver improved business outcomes.

Responsibilities
Research, design and prototype robust and scalable models based on machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling to answer key business problems
Build tools and support structures needed to analyze data, perform elements of data cleaning, feature selection and feature engineering and organize experiments in conjunction with best practices
Work with the data science team and business groups to ensure models can be implemented as part of a web application framework (R/Shiny)
Keep current with the latest developments in the field by continuous learning and adapting new methods relevant to the problems at hand
Qualifications

EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE MINIMUMS:
BS in Statistics, Computer Science or other related field
5+ years of experience building and deploying machine learning models
Strong skills in statistical application prototyping and engineering with expert knowledge in R development
Deep knowledge of fundamentals of machine learning, data mining and statistical predictive modeling, and extensive experience applying these methods to real world problems
Ability and inclination to work in multi-disciplinary environments, and desire to see ideas realized in practice
2+ years of experience using SQL
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE PREFERRED:
Desired interdisciplinary skills include big data technologies, ETL, statistics and causal inference, Deep Learning, modeling and simulation
Experience with business intelligence tools such as Tableau/Shiny
Automotive, chemistry/chemical, or petroleum additive related academic background or work experience
For NewMarket or Afton employees, an appropriate combination of experiences that will support the required skill base may replace one or more of the specific experience requirements above.

SKILLS/ABILITIES:
Decision Making - Decision making in a timely manner based upon a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; sometimes with incomplete information, under tight deadlines and pressure; while based upon appropriate risk and authority
Business Insight - The understanding of the basis for our business model and how that is realized in the market. The understanding of how business and operations are intimately linked. The ability to utilize information, practices & trends, affecting the business to engage and drive new strategies and tactics work in the marketplace.
Analysis and Problem Solving - Solves difficult problems with effective solutions; asks good questions and questions all likely sources for answers; can solve complex problems and recognize complex patterns; utilizing all appropriate tools to reach a robust answer.
Communication - The ability to communicate information clearly and effectively in an engaging and convincing manner.
Managing Performance - Possessing the drive and focus to achieve challenging goals.
Collaboration and Networking - The ability to work in and across Afton's organizational matrix to achieve business objectives, via engaging and rewarding interactions. Through this network provide support, exert influence. Influencing without authority.
Project Management - The ability to manage tasks and activities and achieve their completion within the agreed framework, across regional and organizational boundaries
Innovation - The openness to new ideas and the ability to generate breakthrough solutions. Can develop, seek out, critically assess and implement new and value adding concepts.
Dealing with Uncertainty - Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn't upset when things are up in the air; doesn't have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty.
An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to the individual's race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, disability, genetic information, status as a military veteran or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
