About CenturyLink

CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is the second largest U.S. communications provider to global enterprise customers. With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the worlds best networking company by solving customers increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business.
Job Summary
A Senior Data Scientist develops tools to collect, clean, analyze and manage the data used by strategic areas of the business. Employs techniques and theories drawn from mathematics, statistics, from the subdomains of machine learning, classification, cluster analysis, and data mining. Collaborates with cross-functional teams to understand complex business problems, build statistical models, and create predictive tools.
Job Description
Clearly communicates methods and conclusions with simple language and innovative visualizations to management and executives.
Works effectively on a team as well as a self-driven individual who researches and develops cutting edge and effective solutions for the business.
Provides expertise in analyzing and visualizing large, complex, and unique data sets.
Creates new insights that will drive business growth and profitability in the short and long term.
Deploys analytics code with a continuous integration environment incorporating version control, build servers, and test servers.
Designs and implements programs and automation to collect, mash up, process and analyze distributed real-world data.
Qualifications
Required:
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree(s) in Operations Research, Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics and Economics.
4+ years of experience or 2+ years with a master’s degree in data analysis or related field.
Strong experience with tools for managing, analyzing, and visualizing large datasets.
Experience with relational databases.
Programming experience with two or more of R, Python, Scala, Java, Perl, Mathematica and C++.
Strong analytical thinking and ability to quickly pick up new methods, tools and programming languages.
Problem solving versatility: making the best decisions possible given the data quality and time available.
Preferred:
Master's or PhD Degree(s) in Operations Research, Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics and Economics.
6+ years of experience in data analysis or related field.
Experience with non-relational database.
Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data.
Past success in extracurricular math/science activities or competitions is highly regarded.
Creativity and persistence in locating, extracting and analyzing any and all relevant data.
Education
Bachelors or above in Operations Research, Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics and Economics
Education
Bachelors or Equivalent
Masters or Equivalent

Alternate Location: US-Arizona-Phoenix; US-Colorado-Broomfield; US-Colorado-Littleton; US-Florida-Apopka; US-Louisiana-Monroe; US-Oklahoma-Tulsa; US-Texas-Frisco

Requisition #: 218290

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
