Ultimate Software continues to invest in a modern, vibrantly growing technology portfolio. We are currently seeking an energetic, analytical, highly detail-oriented individual to work on the Metrics team within the Business Operations department. The Data Scientist will be responsible for cross-functional participation in data analysis, metrics, executive reporting, data validation, and predictive analysis. The individual should have a strong mathematical foundation (proficiency in statistics), analytical mindset, and must be able to thrive with minimal direction and supervision.

Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2020 and #2 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2020. Ultimate is also ranked #2 on Fortune’s 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #9 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list. Learn more about US here:www.ultimatesoftware.com/careers

Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:
Serve as an NLP subject matter expert, provide technical assistance, training, consultation
Design NLP applications
Select appropriate annotated datasets for supervised Learning methods
Use effective text representations to transform natural language into useful features
Find and implement the right algorithms and tools for NLP tasks
Develop NLP systems according to requirements
Train the developed model and run evaluation experiments
Perform statistical analysis of results and refine models
Extend ML libraries and frameworks to apply in NLP tasks
Develop system documentation, technical user guides, technical how to videos, user how to videos, policies, procedures and guidelines for team members and business users
Assist and adhere to enforcement of project deadlines and schedules
Build and maintain strong peer relationships within the team and across the organization
Preferred Qualifications:
10 years of relevant work experience
Proven experience as an NLP Engineer or similar role
Understanding of NLP techniques for text representation, semantic extraction techniques, data structures and modeling
Ability to effectively design software solutions using NLP techniques
Deep understanding of text representation techniques (such as n-grams, bag of words, sentiment analysis etc), statistics and classification algorithms
Strong familiarity with NLP, Deep Learning, neural network architectures including CNNs, RNNs, Embeddings, Transfer Learning and Transformers, and Attention-based Networks.
Knowledge of Python and Java
Experience with machine learning frameworks (like Tensorflow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn)
An analytical mind with problem-solving abilities
Ability to write robust and testable code
Strong communication skills
Education Qualifications:
PhD or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Linguistics or similar field
Strong emphasis on Data Science, NLP, ML, and Deep Learning
Travel Requirements:
No travel
This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.

Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Company’s online employment application, please contactaccessibility@ultimatesoftware.com.

Beware of phishing or suspicious messages that appear to come from a trusted or known source and that asks for personal information, account information or requests that you send money to cover expenses associated with a job or otherwise. Ultimate Software does not ask for this information from our job applicants or candidates and never asks for any applicant or candidate to send money.

It has come to our attention that some people have been contacted online by persons impersonating job recruiters for Ultimate Software. These fraudulent“recruiters” have used Gmail accounts to contact, and have requested personal information, such as depositing a check to purchase work-related supplies. These are not legitimate recruiters or job offers, and do not represent Ultimate Software. To safely apply for and view open positions at Ultimate Software, please click“Apply" and follow the instructions. Note that our recruiter emails always come from an official ultimatesoftware.com email address.

If you suspect you have been the victim of this or a related fraud, immediately contact your financial institution, and then file a complaint with the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center at www.ic3.gov. If you shared other personal or sensitive information, you may need to take additional actions relative to what was shared. Your local law enforcement department may also be able to assist. For any general security related questions regarding Ultimate, feel free to email security@ultimatesoftware.com.
