Data Engineer

Description
UST Global is looking for Data Engineer to build end to end business solutions and to work with one of the leading healthcare providers in US. The ideal candidate must possess excellent background on Kafka. The candidate must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability and collaborate effectively with domain and technical experts in the team
Requirements
Big data engineering skills
5 or more years of Node.js experience, fluent with Mongoose framework
5 or more years of MongoDB experience.
5 or more years of distributed computing experience with Hadoop development.
5 or more years of CRUD SQL operations.
Fluent with full development cycle, continuous integration and continuous deployment, version control tools.
5 or more years of Java, Scala or Python programming experience.
Machine learning, deep learning knowledge and experience.
5 years experience in predictive analytics and advanced expertise with software such as Python, or any combination of education and experience which would provide an equivalent background.
Experience leading end to end data science project implementation.
Experience in the healthcare sector. Experience in Deep Learning strongly preferred
Responsibilities
Data engineering services required
Build data products and processes alongside the core engineering and technology team
Collaborate with senior data scientists to curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in their advanced analytical models
Integrate data from a variety of sources, assuring that they adhere to data quality and accessibility standards
Modify and improve data engineering processes to handle ever larger, more complex, and more types of data sources and pipelines
Use Hadoop architecture and HDFS commands to design and optimize data queries at scale
Evaluate and experiment with novel data engineering tools and advises information technology leads and partners about new capabilities to determine optimal solutions for particular technical problems or designated use cases
Location
This position is based in Atlanta, GA Chicago, IL Chandler AZ Richmond VA Norfork VA Mason OH Work from home in any of the above mentioned locations is acceptable but not preferred. UST will provide relocation assistance for full time employment.

BTECH or higher
