Job Description
Who is o9?
We’re always looking for great talent to join our o9 team.
o9 Solutions is the premier AI-powered platform for driving digital transformations of integrated planning and operations capabilities. We help enterprises to digitally transform their supply chain with a cloud-based platform that connects the supply chain end-to-end. Whether it is driving demand, aligning demand and supply, or managing P&L, any process can be made faster and smarter with o9’s AI-powered digital solutions.
Our headquarters is located in Dallas and we currently have offices in Amsterdam, Barcelona, Bangalore, Tokyo, and Seoul. We’ve expanded our value-adding activities to leading industries including semiconductors, automotive parts, retail, consumer goods, machinery, cosmetics, home furnishings, steel, consumer electronics, marine electronics, nutrition, surgical equipment, and agriculture.
What you really do
Design and operationalize various kinds of descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics relevant in the planning space. While the analysis can happen in R, Python, Excel, SQL, or o9’s tool, ensure the results are presented in a usable fashion for consumption in the o9 platform.

Qualifications
Master's Degree preferred
Academic or certifications in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Engineering Management, Business Analytics or related fields is preferred
Experience of applied analytics in the field of Supply Chain; like building Demand forecasting models, applied ML methods in improving Supply/Inventory planning, etc.
Expertise at the juncture of planning and analytics for very diverse problems like recommending optimal assortments/pricing/inventory levels/forecasts, demand-supply balancing, etc.
SW tools: o9’s planning platform, R, SSIS, SQL, Excel

What we offer:
o9 Solutions offers a recognition-rich, inclusive culture and is committed to investing in our employees through a comprehensive compensation and benefits package that includes health insurance, life, and disability, retirement benefits and programs to help you with work/life balance. Most of these benefits are effective on your date of hire.
A trusting, fair, respectful, transparent, and friendly work culture
Accessible and engaged senior management, friendly supportive colleagues, and lots of opportunities for progression.
Opportunity to work across a variety of sectors, a technology-driven environment equipped with the very best tools that support collaboration and communication, and endless opportunities to learn!
Perks, such as free snacks, drinks including soft drinks, coffee, beer & wine, company parties, game rooms, and ping pong/pool tables.
A knowledge-sharing, entrepreneurial culture
Flexible working hours, remote and mobile working initiatives, and unlimited paid time off
Reimbursement for cell phone expenses
Exposure to the biggest brands in the world
Possibility to really make a difference in a scale-up environment

o9 Solutions is an equal opportunity employer and seek applicants of diverse backgrounds and hire without regard to race, color, gender, religion, national origin, citizenship, age, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

To save time applying, o9 Solutions does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time.
