Role- Data Scientist Location- Juno Beach, FL Job Description Day to Day Responsibilities This candidate will be responsible for owning and implementing data ingestion, processing, and modeling for front back-end software which consumes externally published ISORTO data as well as internal heuristics to produce forecasted energy market states based on power flow models. The candidate will be expected to work closely with subject matter experts and product owners to understand business requirements and processes enabled by the product. The candidate will be expected to leverage industry best practices to consume, model, map, transform, and expose energy market data with efficient and standardized processes and tools that fit within the existing business IT framework. The candidate will be expected to leverage deep data science domain expertise to improve power system mapping and forecasting models by way of machine learning and AI. The candidate will be expected to reduce software duplication by integrating with existing platforms. The candidate will be expected to actively practice Agile software development processes with focus on regular release cadences. This is a hands-on data science engineering role. Product Details The candidate will primarily be focused on the following products Scaled power flow modeling computation and representation Energy market performance and position monitoring (tentative) Energy market significant event monitoring (tentative) The candidate will also be expected to take on ad-hoc assignments as required by the business. These projects are small team projects where this candidate will be expected to lead data engineering and data science efforts and influence implementation with industry best practices. Required Experience Python 3 Development (plus common data science libraries) Cloud Architecture (preferably AWS) Data Architecture and Modeling Predictive Data Modeling Frameworks (e.g. SkLearn, TensorflowKeras) General Software Development Methodologies Agile methodologies CICD Toolchain Experience (e.g. Bamboo, Octopus, Jenkins) Strong self-management skills Strong communication skills Helpful Requirements High-level Understanding of Power Industry High-level Understanding of Finance High-level Understanding of Electrical Engineering AWS Serverless Architecture Experience Containerization Experience (e.g. Docker) Minimum Qualifications Minimum 3 years of development experience Bachelor of Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related degree
