Be proud of where you work, be proud of your Career. Join Navient.

We're proud of our people. Navient team members bring passion, commitment, and integrity to our business. We drive results and foster the innovation that makes us an industry leader. It's time to make that move, choose Navient as the next stepping stone in your career.

Navient (Nasdaq: NAVI) provides asset management and business processing solutions to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels. We help our clients and millions of Americans achieve financial success through our services and support. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, Navient employs team members in Western New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and other locations. Learn more at navient.com.

During this time of recommended social distancing, Navient will conduct telephone interviews only until it is safe and permissible to invite candidates to our offices for personal interviews. We look forward to receiving your application and appreciate your flexibility and understanding.

The Senior Data Scientist will utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets.

Responsibilities include:

Data Science & Analysis
Analyze enormous amounts of data (structured and unstructured datasets)
Extract data from sources such as enterprise data warehouse, production databases, and other providers
Write machine learning models to produce desired results (shallow ML & ANNs)
Develop techniques for machine learning and predictive analytics
Create charts and other data visuals of analyzed data
Utilize NLP engines to process and correlate unstructured data
Engage with domain experts as well as senior leaders and engineers to effectively deliver interpretable results.
Python Development
Utilize Python to retrieve and prepare data for algorithm processing
Program APIs to access data on existing systems and databases
Program machine learning solutions to process large datasets
Program output to be organized and ready for presentation
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

This position will support a federal government contract. Applicants must be able to obtain Public Trust security clearance as required of federal government contractors to include a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. For this level of clearance, applicants must possess U.S citizenship.

Master's degree in Data Science, Math, Computer Science or other related area (additional experience may substitute)

2+ years experience in the following (additional education may substitute:
Programming Language(s) Python and Spark
Data Munging: SQL / Python
Data Storage / Data handling: Hadoop / Spark
Statistical Analysis & Machine Learning models
Deep Learning libraries (ex. TensorFlow / Sikit-learn / PyTorch)
Data Visualization (ex. Tableau / d3.js / Python data visualization libraries)
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience building chatbot solutions
Knowledge of PySpark API and RStudio programming
Programming user interfaces (ex. Python, Java, .net, C++, C)
Excellent technical, communication, and analytical capabilities
Demonstrated ability to complete tasks/project quickly and effectively
Able to work in an ever-changing environment and positively adapt to organizational, process, and technology changes
Software design principles
Databases and SQL
Strong knowledge of normalization methods
Strong knowledge with DL modern architectures
Numpy/Pandas experience
Software testing principles
MS TFS/Github
ETL workflows
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.
