El Camino Health is committed to hiring, retaining and growing the best and brightest professionals who will carry our mission and vision forward. We are proud of our reputation in the community: One built on compassion, innovation, collaboration and delivering high-quality care. Come join the team that makes this happen.

FTE

1

Scheduled Bi-Weekly Hours

80

Work Shift

Day: 8 hours

Job Description

The Quality Data Analyst supports clinical business decisions and operational processes through interaction with executive management and other key management staff. In partnership with leadership and physician key stakeholders, the Quality Data Analyst identifies and supports areas of analytical focus for the organization's quality of service, care delivery performance and evaluation of potential areas of opportunity and risk. Incorporating clinical best practices and interpreted data, the analyst produces both long-term and short-term activities and deliverables and defines innovative solutions that drive measurable benefits to the organization. The Quality Data Analyst creates analytical tools using an in depth understanding of healthcare data (e.g. patient, claims, financial, clinical and provider data) and operations coupled with the knowledge of large data set development and quantitative data analysis methodology.

Responsibilities

The Analyst leads special projects, lending data expertise and actionable insight

Develops exception reporting and conduct drill down analysis to proactively identify specific variances in practice patterns

Generates customized work products, presentable for content and audience Maintains strong attention to details and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations

Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results

Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet the organization's clinical quality analytic needs

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in a healthcare-related field, science/social sciences, mathematics/statistics, information technology, or public/business administration

Five (5)years' experience in a managed care, hospital, provider practice or similar setting

Five (5) years' experience in data systems

Proficiency with SQL, Access, Excel, reporting software, Business Objects, Epic Clarity, Epic Reporting Workbench, PowerPoint and healthcare transactional systems

Experience building partnerships and fostering trust with cross functional team members

Experience working with databases, large data sets, multiple data sources and interpreting complex data to create meaningful information

Experience managing projects, tasks, deadlines and discerning priorities while working within budget constraints

Exhibits critical thinking and problem solving skills
Required/preferred EPIC certification(s) are: Cogito - Fundamentals, Caboodle Data Model/Fundamentals, Clarity Data Model/Fundamentals, Clinical Data Model, SQL I, SQL II

The Physical Requirements and Working Conditions of this job are available. El Camino Health will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with a disability if that will allow them to perform the essential functions of a job unless doing so creates an undue hardship for the hospital, or causes a direct threat to these individuals or others in the workplace which cannot be eliminated by reasonable accommodation.

Sedentary Work - Duties performed mostly while sitting; walking and standing at times. Occasionally lift or carry up to 10 lbs. Uses hands and fingers. - (Physical Requirements-United States of America)

An Equal Opportunity Employer:
El Camino Health seeks and values a diverse workforce. The organization is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of qualifications and competencies. El Camino Health prohibits discrimination in employment based on race, ancestry, national origin, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, marital status, age, medical condition or any other status protected by law. In addition to state and federal law, El Camino Health also follows all applicable fair and equitable employment policies from the County of Santa Clara.
