Job Description
The Data Scientist

This individual will work with the newly formed Data Science team for the company. That means you’ll be instrumental in making a big impact.

This team is responsible for providing analytical support, performing market analysis, identifying market trends, and telling stories with data.

Share your brilliance!

For this Data Science role, we are especially looking for a few particular traits: They must have a combination, but not having all is fine and not a deal breaker, the more the better odds.

- Looking for Big Data Engineers that well versed with big data tech like Spark, Kafka, Streams, SQL/NSQL database modeling.

Responsibilities:
Working with Data Science team on both internal and external data sets.
Collaborate and work closely with cross-functional business partners to identify gaps and structure problems.
Use large data sets of structured and un-structured data to Client insights.
Work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment to deliver results while meeting deadlines.
Promoting process improvement using machine learning techniques.
Design data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to various leadership teams.
Qualifications:
MS or PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or other quantitative disciplines. Complete understanding of and expertise with various machine learning packages.
Experience applying machine learning to real-world problems.
Experience in feature engineering methods such as PCA, ANOVA and multivariate analysis. Comprehension of modeling techniques such as classification and regression.
Good understanding of various statistical methods, not limited to hypothesis testing, resampling, and Bayesian inference.
Fluent in R, Python (including Numpy, Pandas and Scikit-learn).
Experience in different distributed systems, such as Hadoop or Spark Proficient in SQL.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.

Company Description
Helping Your Business Thrive With Human Capital Solutions

www.ateroz.com
