Experience: Entry-level (PhD Program) or Experienced (Postdoc, Faculty, Scientific Lab, Finance Industry)

Education: PhD in Math, Science, or Engineering disciplines
The PDT team - a quantitative investment manager - is hiring new or recent PhD graduates and experienced researchers (postdoctoral fellows, faculty, scientific lab, finance industry) to create and improve proprietary trading models and strategies while working closely with a deep bench of senior researchers.

We have a highly successful record of hiring, challenging, and retaining talented researchers from diverse academic backgrounds. Individuals interested in conducting innovative research with real-world impact seem to enjoy and excel at the types of problems we like to solve.

PDT Researchers work in small, nimble teams where merit and contribution, not seniority, drive the discussion. We strive to foster an intellectually challenging environment that encourages collaboration and innovative ideas.

In our research-driven approach to the financial markets, our Chief Scientist oversees the group-wide research agenda, ensuring team members work on the most critical and interesting problems, with a focus on research rigor and standards.

Why join us? PDT Partners has a stellar twenty-five-year track record and a reputation for excellence. Our goal is to be the best quantitative investment manager in the world—measured by the quality of our products, not their size. PDT's very high employee-retention rate speaks for itself. Our people are intellectually extraordinary and our community is close-knit, down-to-earth, and diverse.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with senior researchers on a variety of trading strategies and research projects, with the opportunity to conduct independent research and originate research topics over time
Contribute to the long-term success of our research-driven algorithmic trading business

Requirements:


PhD in math, statistics, physics, computer science, electrical engineering, operations research or other highly-quantitative and analytical discipline
Solid mathematical and analytical ability; exceptional problem-solving and modeling ability
Strong research intuition
Strong programming skills (Python, R, Matlab, C++)
Excellent communication and collaborative white board skills
Meticulous and detail-oriented, and innately driven to understand issues deeply
Experience with/interested in working with large data sets
Self-motivated and highly-productive, with a strong sense of ownership and urgency
Able to work collaboratively and productively with others
Enjoy solving complex, difficult, real-world problems
Entrepreneurial and creative
Finance knowledge is not required or expected
