Knowesis - Interesting Work with Interesting People

Knowesis, Inc. has been providing data-driven decisions and solutions to our federal clients since 2007. Our highly qualified, customer-focused professionals are committed to providing information and advice to enable client success through holistic, thorough, thoughtful and aligned approaches. Our clients leverage these capabilities to support their key business functions.

Knowesis is currently seeking a Data Scientist for a proposed contract. The Data Scientist will be performing advanced analytics and data visualization services to support duties associated with identifying, deterring, and investigating fraud, deficiency, waste and abuse, and monitoring the progress made to the implementation of corrections actions for our federal clients.

Duties and responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
Developing dashboards, reports and visualizations using Tableau
Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis, including but not limited to predictive modeling and data mining,
Proficient in advanced machine learning algorithms to solve regression, multi-classification and clustering problems.
Ability working with both structured and unstructured data employing unsupervised learning models including isolation forest, k-means clustering, anomaly detection, and principal component analysis
Able to perform statistical modeling with multiple regression techniques, variable selection methods, time series analyses, and neural networks in Python, R, and/or SAS
Utilize Python or R in data analytics to collect, understand, transform, cleanse, store, and share data in a privacy preserving way
Able to Implement machine learning algorithms with multidimensional data for classification and clustering problems and graphical networks
Collaborate with functional areas to develop and maintain performance metrics, measurements, methods and targets.
Evaluate operational efficiency and effectiveness.
Provide program manager and client with analysis to inform of enterprise resource allocation decisions and assess institutional risk.
Support both routine and special projects by communicating with multiple teams to ensure requirements are clear and understood from both a functional and technical perspective.
Contributes to program and task-related reports, briefings, justification and requests.
Experience and Skills

Required Experience:
Minimum of 5 years of demonstrated experience in statistics and statistical software (R, SAS, Python, SQL).
Exposure and understanding of Machine Learning, Statistical Techniques (Baysian, Monte Carlo, etc.)
Certified Tableau Professional (Desktop and Server) with specific experience with Tableau Prep.
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office products and Sharepoint.
Demonstrated experience in preparing and editing technical documentation.
A qualified candidate will:
Proficient in Python, R, SAS, Tableau, Shiny, SQL, and Hadoop ecosystem
Experience of leveraging machine learning algorithm to perform predictive modeling and forcasting.
Proficient in data visualization tools to design report and graphs to identify autonomous patterns and behaviors
Have the ability to quickly understand the clients business questions and develop prototype solutions
Serve as the performance and analytical lead with support to the program manager and client responsible for planning, coordinating and directing programs, conducting surveys and studies, and special projects associated with Navy Surgeon General's Healthcare Business and Administration Department.
Be able to read, write, and speak English fluently and clearly in order to effectively communicate with all personnel for which they will interact.
Have the ability to communicate with sufficient clarity to be readily understood by laypersons, senior officials, and Government staff.
Possess sufficient initiative, interpersonal relationship skills and social sensitivity such that they can relate constructively to a variety of contacts from diverse backgrounds.
Education: Master's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or an associated technical discipline with five (5) years minimum experience in data analytics, including providing analytical management by planning, coordinating and directing program evaluations OR

Bachelor's degree in one of the above disciplines with eight (8) years minimum experience in data analytics, including providing analytical management by planning, coordinating and directing program evaluations.

A background in defense logistics and/or material management is most desired.

Government Security Clearance: SECRET or higher or able to obtain an Interim SECRET clearance.

This contract requires a minimum of interim SECRET clearance.

U.S. Citizenship Required

Work Location: Client Site Dayton Ohio with local telework options.

Knowesis, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
