About Seismic Data Team:

At Seismic, we’ve built and are continuing to improve the leading enterprise sales enablement platform to ensure that our clients globally distributed sales and partner teams have access to the right sales content at the right time.

We believe that the best way to delight our customers, both internal and external, is to make data-informed product decisions by digging deep into all of our business intelligence.

About the Job:

Seismic is on the lookout for experienced, creative, and dynamic Data Science talent to join and make a massive impact on our product and operations. In this role, you will collaborate with your team and Executive Engineering/Data leadership to sleuth through our proprietary data to help our teams and customers make better decisions. Make a Seismic-Shift and join our team!

Who You Are:
An experienced Data Scientist with a passion for digging deep and finding trends that others may miss
You can release high-quality, production-ready products. This requires rapid iterations, robust debate, and technical skills. The better you are at writing code, the more efficiently we can release a product that's used daily to make critical decisions.
Seen as an active contributor in the team problem-solving-process – you aren’t afraid to share your opinions in a low-ego manner
You enjoy solving challenging problems, all while having a blast with equally passionate and talented team members
You are comfortable and enjoy working with data. This requires a high level of mathematical and statistical literacy and an intense interest in applying quantitative analysis to real-world problems
You can extract meaning from data. Our product lives and dies based on the accuracy of our data-driven advice
You are intellectually honest, not fooled by randomness, and obsessive about details
You are well versed in techniques such as statistical analysis, exploratory analysis, and predictive analysis
What you will be doing:
Rapidly design and implement machine learning and data products that our enterprise customers and internal teams will use to make informed data-backed decisions
Design and implement the data and analytics products that are leveraged by our enterprise customers
Provide data insights back to the organization in an accessible and end-user friendly manner
Collaborate with software engineers, data engineers, and fellow scientists to create the best solutions for our customers internally and externally
Work closely with stakeholders and contribute your suggestions to build optimal solutions
Implement algorithms with modern software development and delivery techniques
Remain up-to-date with the latest trends in data science and bring that knowledge to life in our products and analysis
Be flexible to handle other duties as assigned
What you bring to the team:
Bachelor's degree in Computer or Data Science, Applied Mathematics, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience
Minimum of 5 years of experience as a Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Machine Learning Engineer
3-5 years of experience with Python and SQL as it pertains to Data Analytics / Data Mining
Deep familiarity with BI/Data tools such as Tableau, Spark, Snowflake, etc.
Familiarity with Kubernetes, C#, Docker, Apache Kafka a plus!
Strong background in Machine Learning a must. Focus on recommendation systems, natural language processing (NLP), Bayesian estimation, or reinforcement learning would be nice.
What we have for you:
Generous PTO, paid holidays, and paid sick leave
Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Plans
Robust 401(k) fund options with company matching
Equity within Seismic in the form of stock options
Catered meals, healthy snacks and coffee bars
Seismic Cares volunteer program
#OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency
About Seismic:

Seismic, ranked as one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine, is a rapidly growing Forbes Cloud 100 company and is emerging as the recognized category leader in sales enablement. Seismic unites marketing and sales teams in delivering the most compelling stories throughout a buyers’ journey. More than 600 customers rely on the world’s most powerful storytelling platform to connect the right buyer, with the right content, at the right time, every time. Seismic customers such as T. Rowe Price, IBM, American Express, PayPal, Rockwell Automation, and Quest Diagnostics are achieving higher win rates, larger deal sizes, and improved customer retention rates with our solution. Seismic recently achieved a billion-dollar valuation and was named to the 2019 Forbes Cloud 100.

Headquartered in San Diego and with more than 800 employees across the globe, Seismic is privately held and backed by investment firms General Atlantic, JMI Equity, Jackson Square Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and T. Rowe Price. Seismic also recently expanded its team and product portfolio with the acquisition of Percolate. Our board of directors is composed of several industry luminaries, including John Thompson, chairman of the board of directors for Microsoft.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
