By clicking the Apply button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takedas Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description


Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? Join us as a Associate Scientific Director, Gene Therapy Biomarker Scientist in our Cambridge, MA office.

At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world.

Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.

OBJECTIVES:
The fast-growing Clinical Biomarker Innovation & Development team at Takeda is seeking an experienced Clinical Biomarker scientist to drive delivery of pipeline assets and platform/technical projects. The position works closely with highly matrixed teams including senior team members from the Gene Therapy group to enable the teams successful delivery of next generation therapies.
Drives the clinical biomarker strategies and assays for clinical programs within Gene Therapies according to study timelines to advance clinical programs to key decision points.
Success in this role depends heavily on strong scientific background, interpersonal skills, a keen attention to detail, a passion for clinical biomarkers, technical oversight of clinical biomarker assay development and validation, and deep understanding of the gene therapy translational space.
ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Provide technical and scientific leadership for assay development and validation studies to measure clinical biomarkers, including companion or complementary diagnostics, according to clinical context of use meeting clinical laboratory standards and regulatory requirements as applicable.
Responsible for timely delivery of clinical biomarker results from assay development, validation and clinical studies.
Reviews, interprets and presents clinical biomarker study data to project teams.
Remains current and lead scientific due diligence to assess cutting-edge technologies and establish external partnerships as needed.
Deep expertise in several technology and patient characterization platforms such as flow cytometry, mass cytometry, LC-MS/MS, Elispot, immunohistochemistry/immunofluorescence and/or immunoassays.
Key organizational player of a highly skilled translational team that shares a common goal of delivering the optimal path forward for clinical development.
Conduct technical on-site visits of vendor labs responsible for testing clinical biomarker samples when required.
EDUCATION, BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS:
M.S./PhD degree in life science-related discipline such as Immunology, Stem Cell Biology, Biology, or Molecular Biology.
Minimum 10 years of clinical biomarker experience within the pharmaceutical industry, CROs and/or biomedical/clinical experience within academia.
Subject matter expert in analytical platforms such as flow cytometry, mass cytometry, LC-MS/MS, ELISA, Elispot, immunohistochemistry/immunofluorescence, and electrochemiluminescence (MSD).
Hands-on experience with clinical biomarker assay development and validation.
Experience with companion or complementary diagnostic development preferred.
Capable of applying the highest scientific and technical standards for the successful design and execution of clinical biomarker assays implemented from early to late-stage clinical programs.
Superior analytical and problem-solving skills.
Good communications skills, both oral and written.
Exceptional organizational, interpersonal and time management skills.
Experience working within a team-centric dynamic in an independent manner.
LICENSES/CERTIFICATIONS:
No specific license or certification required.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Routine demands of an office based environment.
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS:
Some domestic and international travel to Takeda sites, biomarker vendors, and regulatory agencies may be required.
WHAT TAKEDA CAN OFFER YOU:
401(k) with company match and Annual Retirement Contribution Plan
Tuition reimbursement Company match of charitable contributions
Health & Wellness programs including onsite flu shots and health screenings
Generous time off for vacation and the option to purchase additional vacation days
Community Outreach Programs
Empowering Our People to Shine

Discover more at takedajobs.com

No Phone Calls or Recruiters Please.

Locations


Boston, MA

Worker Type


Employee

Worker Sub-Type


Regular

Time Type


Full time
