The Reporting and Analytics team within T-Mobile's Finance Company (FinCo) is the provider of operational and financial reporting for device financing (loan/lease) operations. The Reporting and Analytics Manager (individual contributor) is a highly skilled and driven individual contributor with direct accountability for generating actionable insights related to financial services data. The person will work with cross-functional teams to identify needs for business insights and address them effectively and efficiently.

Responsibilities
Build strong and effective relationships with internal and external business partners. Act as the point of contact for reporting & analytics projects
Develop interactive dashboards that effectively communicate business performance
Perform deep and insightful analyses that lead to actionable recommendations to business
Partner with internal data engineering team to develop datasets
Lead projects delivering reporting and analytical solutions to internal customers
Identify root cause and work through the resolution of data quality and process issues
Develop knowledge about business processes and become subject matter expert
Work with business partners to drive the evolution of infrastructure, processes and products
Qualifications
7+ years relevant professional experience
Bachelor's Degree. MIS, Computer Science or equivalent. MBA or Master's preferred.
Able to write complex SQL using a variety of User Interfaces (e.g., Teradata SQL Assistant, SAS Enterprise Guide, TOAD for Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience in analytics and visualization tools like Tableau, Power BI & Qlik
Highly proficient in MS Excel & PowerPoint with strong presentation skills
Excellent communication skills and ability to present technical concepts in a simple way
Strengths in building large networks of internal contacts and leveraging positive working relationships to achieve business goals
Desired
Financial Services industry experience preferred
Knowledge of Accounting practices preferred
Minimum Qualifications
• At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen.

Company Profile
As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile USA, Inc. (NASDAQ: "TMUS") is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company's advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile USA. Inc. provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com

Applicant Privacy Policy

We are committed to maintaining your trust by respecting and protecting your privacy. For more information about how T-Mobile processes the personal data of job applicants, please visit Applicant Privacy Policy.

EOE Statement
We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.
