Join Our Team

Our Company headquarters is located in Duluth, GA.

The 367,000-square-foot building houses 1,700 employees who provide first-class support to our sales force as they build their business and serve clients.

For seven years in a row, Primerica has been recognized by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution as one of the best workplaces in Georgia! Over the past five years, Primerica has consistently been voted "Best Employer" by Gwinnett Magazine.

About this Position

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to build and develop data models, and statistical models for business problems. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Responsibilities & Qualifications

RESPONSIBILITIES
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
Build effective data models, and creation of our data lake
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
ESSENTIAL SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Solid Experience in building ETL scripts and flows
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience implementing data governance and data quality standards
REQUIRED SKILLS
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Bachelors in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Familiar with the following software/tools:
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc.
Our Benefits:
Day one health, dental, and vision insurance
401(k) Plan with competitive employer match
Vacation, sick, holiday and volunteer time off
Life and disability insurance
Flexible Savings Account & Health Savings Account
Professional development
Tuition reimbursement
Company-sponsored social and philanthropy events
