Data Scientist

Downtown Seattle

OUR COMPANY

red violet (NASDAQ: RDVT) is a software and services company specializing in big data analysis, providing cloud-based, mission critical analytics and information solutions to enterprises in a variety of industries. We believe that time is your most valuable asset. Through powerful analytics, we transform data into intelligence, in a fast and efficient manner, so that our clients can spend their time on what matters most running their organizations with confidence. Our corporate headquarters is located in Boca Raton, Florida and our brands include IDI and FOREWARN, www.redviolet.com.

JOB SUMMARY

Were looking for a Data Scientist to join our Seattle team. Youll use your programming, mathematics and analytics experience to write scalable, production facing code and develop creative solutions to challenging problems. Together well be working in highly distributed, Linux-based environments that leverage our proprietary search and computing platform.

red violet (NASDAQ: RDVT) is the team behind idiCORE, the next generation of highly-distributed data fusion and search technologies. Our proprietary technology uncovers the relevance of disparate data sets to bring out comprehensive insights into people, businesses, assets, and their interrelationships.

As a Data Scientist at red violet, youll:
Design, develop, and maintain complex data fusion and entity resolution algorithms sitting at the core of our risk management offerings.
Create novel search capabilities that leverage inverted indices, Bayesian inference and higher order clustering techniques.
Develop ETL systems and data pipelines to interface new data assets with our proprietary distributed data processing platform
Work closely with our engineers to integrate your innovations into our production systems.
Support business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed.
Our ideal Data Scientist will have:
Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Math, Statistics, Physics, or related field.
Strong background in C++ or another compiled, strongly typed, object oriented language.
Experience working with large data sets for data mining, analytics, modeling.
Experience with Bash scripting in a Linux environment.
BONUS POINTS: experience with geospatial analytics and the ability to beat us at table tennis or pool

red violets idiDATA (ididata.com) data fusion and search technology is being used by Financial Services, Big Corporate, Government, and Law Enforcement to solve complex, real-world problems. Our platform solves important problems like identity validation and fraud detection and prevention and is very likely under the hood of your favorite apps. Were a small but highly successful and publicly-traded company backed by an elite team, including the preeminent experts in data fusion. Red Violet has the flexibility of a small team with the opportunities offered by an established company.

At red violet, youll work with great people at a modern downtown Seattle location with stunning waterfront views. We offer highly competitive benefits include leading compensation with a generous RSU package, health, dental, vision, 401k match, onsite bike parking, lockers, and a fitness center. We strive to foster an innovative, creative, and challenging work environment that encourages employee growth and promotes from within.

red violet is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
