ConsumerTrack™ is unique in the digital marketing and media industry - we combine marketing, digital, content and fintech. Our performance based approach increases brand awareness and generates targeted audience engagement on our internal web properties and partner sites.

Learn More About What We Do

ConsumerTrack is building new technology to improve our performance while elevating the user experience for the millions of people that engage with our content and financial partnerships. ConsumerTrack is seeking a Data Scientist with digital marketing experience to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns and build models that will allow for machine learning to drive additional automation and improved performance. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights.

In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research.

Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions

Responsibilities:
Analyze large amounts of data and information with statistical rigor to discover optimization opportunities.
Ensure accurate interpretation by combining business acumen with detailed data knowledge and statistical expertise.
Develop causal inference methodology to analyze behavior in cases where A/B testing may not be possible.
Build statistical models that better leverage test results to uncover insights or effect changes in the product.
Translate analytical insights into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement, and communicate your research and insights to all levels of the company, clearly and concisely.
Identify valuable data sources and work with data engineers to undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data
Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms for digital ad conversion, pacing, and yield
Combine models through ensemble modeling
Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges
Requirements
Hands-on experience of statistical modeling from conceptualization, methodology creation, deployment and validation and ultimately delivering final insightful recommendations.
Robust mathematical skill, with strong working knowledge in some and the ability quickly to be competent in the rest of the gamut of modeling techniques and associated tooling, for examples:
Established statistical methods for data reduction (e.g., factor analysis, PCA) and for prediction (e.g., regression);
Established machine learning methods for feature extraction (e.g., neural nets), for data reduction (e.g., clustering) and for prediction (e.g., decision trees, graph/network analysis);
Excellent understanding of machine learning algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Random Forests, ensembles, etc.
Experiencence with common data science toolkits, such as sklearn, tensor-flow, keras, gensim, etc and NLP toolkits such as nltk, spacy, etc
Experience with data visualisation tools such as D3.js, plotly / seaborn / matplotlib / tensor-board, Tableau, etc
Proficiency in working with both NoSQL and relational databases such as DynamoDB, Elasticsearch, etc
Expert proficiency with statistical modeling tools like SAS, R, Python, etc.
Good scripting and programming skills using Python, bash, etc
Strong communication and interpersonal skills (both written and verbal)
Master’s or advanced degree with 3+ years experience in CS, Statistics, Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics or a related field, PhD a plus.
Benefits
Competitive salary with excellent growth opportunity; we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity and passion.
Awesome medical, dental and vision plans with heavy employer contribution
Paid maternity leave and paternity leave programs
Paid vacation, holidays, and sick days
Flexible time/work from home (for eligible employees)
Company funding for outside classes and conferences to help you improve your skills
Contribution to student loan debt payments after the first year of employment
401(k) -- employees can start contributing immediately. After the first year, CTI contributes 100% of the first 4% contributed of salary deferrals
In-office gym and weekly fitness and yoga classes
Fully stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages
We are an equal-opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
