IQVIA™ is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

We are always looking for new talent to join Q2 Solutions. To be considered for a future Senior Method Development Scientist position, submit your resume. If your qualifications, experience, and skill sets align with the position requirements, one of our recruiters will connect with you.

Purpose

The Senior Scientist, Method Development, is a key scientific position in the organization, part of the team responsible for small molecule method development activities. Your primary goal will be to develop bioanalytical methods that seamlessly transfer to our method validation team. Critical skills required of this position include the demonstrated ability to efficiently develop rugged, innovative, bioanalytical LC-MS/MS methods, being logical with excellent troubleshooting skills, being self-directed and action-oriented, being creative and flexible, possessing excellent communication skills, and the ability to collaborate with colleagues and clients.

Responsibilities
Develop reliable LC-MS/MS methods, including extraction, chromatographic and mass spectrometric procedures for challenging and complex methods from biological samples.
Communicate and collaborate effectively with clients, project management, and team members.
Contribute to continuous improvement of the method development processes to ensure successful method hand-off and validation.
Function as scientific resource, including training, assisting in troubleshooting, and participating in facility-wide scientific initiatives.
Utilize laboratory equipment including micropipettes, automated extraction instrumentation, centrifuges, glassware, notebooks, etc.
Develop awareness of new technologies and participate in evaluation processes.
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Highly experienced in bioanalytical LC/MS theory and techniques.
Advanced knowledge of chemistry involved in bioanalytical method development procedures.
Ability to analyze method development data and make sound conclusions.
Excellent attention to detail and communication skills.
Ability to follow written and oral scientific directions, including Standard Operating Procedures.
Ability to multitask and maintain an organized work area.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with coworkers, managers and clients.
Minimum Required Education and Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Chemistry or a related field with 5 years’ experience including experience in bioanalytical LC/MS method development; or equivalent combination of education, training and experience in a bioanalytical laboratory environment.
Physical Requirements
Use of personal protective equipment for extended periods
Use of laboratory equipment, some procedures requiring repetitive motion
Some extended periods of standing and sitting

To be considered for this position, please submit your resume by clicking on the following link:

Q2 Solutions is an equal opportunity employer.

Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!
