Are you looking for an opportunity to accelerate your career and work with a team of friendly, creative people? Upland Software offers a collaborative work environment full of smart, positive, and passionate people who are respected for their unique talents and empowered to do their jobs well. As a member of this close-knit team, you are encouraged to take good ideas and run with them, pursuing the best outcome for our customers while having fun along the way. If these things are important to you and you're driven by delighting customers, we want to talk with you!

Opportunity Summary:

A Data Scientist within Upland CXM will help build new product capabilities with focus on operationalizing predictive analytics that help drive brand engagement. Every day we process billions of data points across mobile, web experiences, and other sources to help inform and execute marketing campaigns. We send hundreds of millions of messages a day and our customers rely on us to make sure those messages are relevant and engaging.

Now with access to years of multidimensional consumer interactions across platforms, our customers have the potential to create meaningful connections with consumers based on individual actions and preferences. Our mission is to offer the intelligence, tools, and workflows that allow our customers to reach the right audience with the right message at the right time. This is an amazing opportunity to join us at the early stages of our predictive analytics mission and to be a key driver in how we go about this mission.

Primary Responsibilities:
Explore data to understand how customers interact with brands, what messages and motivators inspire action, and when customers are most likely to engage.
Develop algorithms, data modeling framework, and approaches that support the digital intelligence features on our roadmap.
Find opportunities for product and process optimization based on analytic results
Work with engineers to develop and deploy machine learning models
Work with engineers and product managers to scope and prioritize features and experiments
Talk to customers to identify opportunities to build new digital intelligence capabilities at scale
Design, analyze, test and validate analytic approaches
Requirements:

See Skills section below

Desired Skills:
3-5 years of experience as a Data Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python Pandas and NumPy, etc.) to manipulate data
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.) and has a POV on their use/implementation.
Expert SQL skills
Entrepreneurial mindset and track record of developing novel approaches to solving business problems analytically
Experience analyzing large datasets (multiple petabytes)
Upland Software (Nasdaq: UPLD) is a leader in cloud-based enterprise work management software. Upland provides seven enterprise cloud solution suites that enable more than one million users at over 9,000 accounts to win and engage customers, automate business operations, manage projects and IT costs, and share knowledge throughout the enterprise. All of Upland’s solutions are backed by a 100 percent customer success commitment and the UplandOne platform, which puts customers at the center of everything we do. To learn more, visit uplandsoftware.com.

Upland Software is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability, veteran status or other legally protected status.
