About Liberty Lending, LLC

Liberty Lending, LLC is a leading online platform that provides innovative borrowing solutions to deserving customers. The company, headquartered in New York City, was founded by people who truly understand "smart debt" and want to help consumers get ahead to achieve financial success. Liberty Lending, LLC continues to innovate the lending process and provides a unique product mix to consumers in need that is hard to replicate. Liberty Lending, LLC holds distinct advantages over other marketplace lenders from their customer acquisition channels and unique product mix to targeted customer, investor focus, and capital and infrastructure support.

Liberty Lending, LLC holds an A+ rating by the BBB and is a fast growing and reputable financial service provider in the FinTech sector.

We are looking for a Credit Analytics Manager to develop effective personal loan acquisition strategies, analyze large data sets, build out credit risk specific analytics/segmentations, and provide credit policy & portfolio management support.

Key Responsibilities:
Utilize statistical and segmentation tools to develop acquisition risk strategies for personal loan products
Retrieve data and conduct data driven analytics utilizing various analytical tools, software and techniques
Formulate the problem statement and develop an analytical solution
Size opportunities, analyze different scenarios and assess the impact on business
Conduct financial analysis and forecasting for program recommendations
Track and analyze performance of various tests and acquisition programs to evaluate effectiveness
Qualifications
Advanced degree in Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Operation Research, Industrial Engineering, or similar quantitative field or MBA is required
5+ years' work experience with an analytical role in consumer finance industry. Unsecured installment lending experience is a plus.
Understand key drivers of consumer loan/credit card financials and the underlying consumer behaviors that drive those financials
Deep knowledge of Cash flow modeling and loss forecast
Good business acumen and the ability to connect analytical insights with business decisions
Ability to communicate clearly and precisely on technical and business topics across all levels of management and to investors
Python/SAS/SQL/R and/or Data Files & Data manipulation experience in working with data and data manipulation tools
Knowledge of segmentations tools like SAS Eminer/ Knowledge Seeker
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, specifically Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Why Join Us?
Be a part of a pioneering growth company located in the financial district of NYC
Experience the excitement and learn from being part of an incredibly fast-growing young company.
Be pivotal in scaling the business
Enjoy the agility and flexibility offered by a startup culture; a sociable, relaxed and friendly work environment
We will help you make your mark. Make a real impact on the business with huge opportunities to grow and develop
Dedication to team member growth and development
