RTI Consulting, LLC is seeking a Data Scientist for immediate employment.

Results, Teamwork, and Integrity aren’t just our name, they’re our philosophy both at work and at home. If you share our values, please consider joining our team of motivated, talented professionals!

RTI recognizes the contributions of our diverse team members and we demonstrate our appreciation with an excellent benefits package including a generous 401(k) contribution, profit sharing, and annual company-paid offsites for employees and guests.

Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: Springfield, Virginia

Security Clearance: active Top Secret SCI with polygraph

Support the objectives of FM to find creative solutions for the improved collection, organization, storage, management, retrieval, and use of financial data from across the enterprise to make more effective and transparent resource decisions. Data Scientists will help FM discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help improve the quality of FM analytic products by applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with FM products. This includes supporting the offices by working within FM’s data strategy to better enable and prepare our data to meet internal and external deliverables while providing the expertise to help provide input and guidance towards automation efforts. This includes supporting the office through utilizing resource data to make predictive, prescriptive, and descriptive analysis. Data scientists will work to mine data, create foundational analysis, manage and organize multivariate data through statistical programming languages such as SAS, SQL, R, SPSS, Python, and tell stories / reveal insights with data.

Skills and Experience
Possess a Bachelor’s degree or higher in Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, Computer Science or other quantitative field; or equivalent work experience.
Demonstrated experience with data analysis, including the ability to analyze data, identify trends, generate reports, merge data, and supplement data sources using automated reporting applications.
Demonstrated experience with machine learning techniques and algorithms.
Demonstrated experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, NumPy, or MatLab.
Demonstrated experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, Tableau, or GGplot.
Demonstrated experience using query languages such as SQL
Demonstrated experience involving applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, and regression.
Desired
Demonstrated experience with DoD, IC, or other government agency programs, budgetary or finance processes.
Responsibilities and Duties
Developing and implementing solutions to financial data management challenges using advanced programming language skills.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Extending FM’s data with sources of information from other areas of the enterprise when needed.
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis.
Creating automated anomaly detection and correction systems.
Developing diagnostic and predictive analytic methodologies to answer stakeholders’ resource management questions.
Organizing and “wrangling” large datasets from multiple financial systems to develop actionable insights from them.
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance
Creating meaningful data visualizations that communicate findings and potential for business impact to key decision makers.
Advising FM on the latest data science and analytic technology trends.
RTI Consulting LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employee and is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment.

All employment decisions at RTI are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical, mental or sensory disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate.

RTI will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.
