Job Description
In the past three years we have assembled 7TB of geospatial, descriptive, and time-series data on the short term rental market. Using this data, you will build models and predictive analytics that help our customers better understand and thrive in the short term rental industry. You will be the point person for all new data innovations that empower entrepreneurs worldwide. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products. Some of the projects you’ll work on include:
Improve existing models for determining the revenue generated by over 7 million vacation rentals each day,
Continue to advance our best-in-class rate recommendation engine for optimizing vacation rental pricing worldwide,
Expand upon our home valuation models that determine how much any home in the world would earn as a short-term rental property,
Matching properties across multiple data sources to develop a single, holistic view of the entire industry,
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

About You
3+ years in data science with experience implementing predictive models at scale & in production environments
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Boosting, Ensembling, Neural Networks, clustering techniques, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Python NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, R, Spark ML, etc.
Excellent scripting and programming skills in Python and R with focus on clarity, reproducibility, and reusability
Experience with relational (PostgreSQL) and NoSQL (ElasticSearch, MongoDB, HBase, Cassandra) technologies
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Lucene search
Good applied statistics skills, such as hypothesis testing, distributions, bias/variance trade-offs, statistical testing, regression, as well as linear algebra e.g. PCA
Experience training/tuning machine learning models to be used in production environments for real-time processing
BS/MS in Math, Statistics, Economics, or related fields, or equivalent experience
Bonus points for experience in the hospitality, real estate or vacation rental industry

Job Perks
Competitive cash comp and benefits
Meaningful equity upside – We are small team with no outside investors and want every hire to share in our long term financial success.
Snacks & team events – Our Chief Snack Officer stocks the kitchen with coffee, tea, and snacks. We have monthly office lunches, and make room for team-events a few times a years.
Location, location, location – We have a great office space in Downtown Denver, a short walk from Union Station, Larimer Square, and the 16th St Mall

The AirDNA Team
We're a tight-knit group who care about empowering the next generation of shared economy entrepreneurs. We like to work hard. We believe in work/life balance because we make work a fun environment you’ll want to be a part of. We all wear multiple hats and are working on at least 5 projects at a time. Life is never boring here. We're risk takers. We care about each other and lend helping hands all day, every day.
At AirDNA, we believe that a diverse team is a key part of building a great company. If you want to work with us, we want to hear from you. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
