About Point72
Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent. We’re inventing the future of finance by revolutionizing how we develop our people and how we use data to shape our thinking. For more information, visit www.Point72.com/working-here.
A Career with Point72's Market Intelligence Group
Market Intelligence is shaping Point72 for the future by combining the most innovative data sources, analysis, and investment tools with the Firm’s traditional strengths at deep fundamental analysis of how companies and industries operate. Market Intelligence finds, tests, analyzes, and models alternative data; conducts deep fundamental research; and helps our investment teams generate alpha-producing ideas using our data and research. We produce investment insights by using machine learning techniques, fundamental company analysis, macro and sell-side research, and quantitative methodologies.
Role
As a Data Scientist, you will support an idea generator testing investment theses using alternative data and building models to execute on the results of that research.
Responsibilities
Test research hypotheses and assumptions of researchers
Pull data from disparate sources
Design and validate models that transform data into actionable insights
Identify and deploy statistical, machine learning, and deep learning methods that strike the right balance between predictive power and robustness
Write efficient, modular, and dependable code, packages, libraries, and scripts
Iterate quickly to test the additive impact of new data and research findings on alpha generation
Document all work extensively
Stay abreast of new research
Desirable Candidates
Ph.D. (preferred) or M.S. in a technical field with an applied or experimental component
3+ years of experience in a relevant field researching real-world data problems (though not necessarily in finance)
Extensive experience developing algorithms and production-grade code
Strong programming skills in Python and SQL/NoSQL
Experience with cloud infrastructures
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a proven ability to collaborate with others
