Who We Are

Sensor Tower is the leading solution for mobile marketers, app developers, and industry analysts who demand superior competitive insights into the mobile market economy and are looking to increase app downloads through app store optimization.

We serve independent and Fortune 500 customers alike, spanning the mobile games, travel & hospitality, music, finance, and broadcast entertainment markets. Our suite of products consist of free, “SMB”, and Enterprise-tiered solutions including Store Intelligence, Usage Intelligence, Ad Intelligence, and App Intelligence.

We are a privately held company headquartered in San Francisco and was a member of AngelPad’s startup incubator program in 2013. Our insights are cited by the world’s leading news and finance publications, including the Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Forbes, Fortune, Bloomberg, CNBC, The Washington Post, and Reuters.

Role Summary

We are looking for a hands-on thinker to help harvest new insights from our constantly growing foundation of quantitative information.

As a Data Scientist at Sensor Tower, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining statistical models that allow us to analyze, mine and ultimately turn that data into insights that will help app developers and Fortune 500 enterprises grow their user base and revenue.
Requirements
Master's degree or above in mathematics, statistics, or computer science
2+ years applied experience in business intelligence, data mining, analytics, or statistical modeling in technology or mobile industries
A passion for data analysis and presentation of data insights
Ability to communicate effectively with technical developers and non-technical marketing business partners
Programming experience (R, Python, Ruby)
Experience implementing machine learning algorithms
Good working knowledge of MongoDB or similar DB technologies
Knowledge of statistical analysis toolsets (SAS, R, MATLAB) and techniques
Strong proficiency with one or more statistical visualization or graphing toolkits (MS Excel, a Javascript framework like Highcharts or Tableau)
Extra Credit!
Enjoy working in small, fast-paced teams where you can take initiative and accountability, and generate results every day
Detail-oriented, organized, and focused on delighting customers
Understand / willingness to learn mobile app economy dynamics. Own a smartphone, download apps, and actively participate in the new mobile economy
Comfortable with basic mobile industry metrics
Familiarity with web application development and Git

Why Join Sensor Tower?
We were named one of the 50 Tech Companies to Know in 2020 by BuiltIn
We have a birds-eye view of the entire mobile app ecosystem, and we keep our teams constantly abreast of the latest mobile app trends, news, and best practices.
You align with our Core Values: Customer-Focused, Innovative, Continuously Learning, Action-Oriented, Respectful, Data & Metrics-Driven.
We grant options to all of our employees because we recognize that everybody plays an integral role in our success; thus all employees should be invested in Sensor Tower (both figuratively and literally).
We offer catered lunch and dinner everyday, unlimited PTO, opportunities to join corporate sports leagues, flexible work hours, 401K, Boba Fridays, Project Juice First Fridays, team trips (white water rafting, Hawaii, and weekend Tahoe mansion trips to name a few), and more
For more information about our Engineering team and what it is like working with them please visit our team page here.

Sensor Tower is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
