Description

We are looking for several of the best and brightest Data Scientists to participate in a confidential marketplace called Matchbook that will connect you with the most prestigious investment and asset management firms / hedge funds in New York City.

Here's how it works:
Apply to this job by creating an account on OneWire and uploading your resume;
Upon acceptance into the marketplace, a recruiter will reach out and schedule brief 1 on 1 phone interview with you;
If you qualify, your profile will be featured and then listed in front of the best investment management firms seeking individuals like you;
Receive interview requests, field offers and get hired;
And here's the best part - we will pay you a $500 signing bonus on the first day of your new role!
If you want the hard to find job opportunities in the marketplace to directly choose you, as opposed to endless job searching across different sites and recruiters, then please apply to be included in the marketplace. Space will be limited.
Requirements

Here's what we are looking for:
Must have a Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or related quantitative field with strong record of academic achievement
Experience using machine learning and specifically natural language processing to mine unstructured data, extracting information from documents such as electronic filings, contracts, news, patents etc.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Professional experience with one or more of Java, Hibernate, Python, Scala, C/C++.
Experience with Numerical / Scientific Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas)
Knowledge of machine learning pipelines using Scala / Spark or Python / scikit-learn
Possess intellectual curiosity and a strong passion for investing and financial markets
Bonus Points:
Masters degree or higher in Computer Science or related quantitative field with specialization in natural language processing and/or machine learning
Over two years of work experience (outside of internships)
Work experience in the financial services industry (ie hedge fund, research firm, bank or alternative asset manager)
Experience with distributed computing architectures
Experience with tools for statistical computing (e.g. R, NumPy, SciPy).
Experience with big data technologies like Apache Spark, Hadoop, Cassandra, etc.
If this sounds like you, please apply to this opportunity and someone from our team will be in touch with you if you are the right fit.

Posted 06/17/2020
Full Time position
Compensation will be Market Rate
