Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: Based in Reston, VA, with work on site with clients in Washington, D.C. (remote candidates will not be considered)

Clearance Required: TS/SCI which requires US Citizenship

ABOUT 1901 GROUP:

1901 Group provides IT services through the use of an integrated cloud-based platform that enables monitoring, management, and optimization of IT environments that span on-premise, co-location, and cloud computing environments. Our “as a service” model (XaaS) embeds all of the people, processes and technology necessary to deliver highly efficient IT services on a 24x7x365 basis.

PURPOSE OF JOB: The Data Scientist will lead a strategically important area of our business. As a subject matter expert, this individual will drive the strategy and execution to manage data and enable authorized users to leverage consistent sets of analyses and reporting tools, while maintaining strict controls over data access and security, Additionally, the Data Scientist will drive modernization of current processes, procedures, and systems and provide alternatives to how clients can leverage data science to more effectively achieve mission goals. This includes experience and understanding of comprehensive data management, analysis, reporting and archiving solutions with welldefined operational activities and an underlying technology solution.

You will be the key 1901 Group data resource to coordinate and successfully deliver on our data strategy and solutions including delivering creative solutions in a fast-paced Agile development environment.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Data analysis technique and technology scouting
Eliciting and specifying which use cases and supporting system and data characteristics will be required to successfully implement the full solution.
Development and documentation of risk architecture requirements
Identify data analysis techniques and associated technical solutions necessary for implementation that could be used by federal clients to meet their analytic requirements, with a focus on risk assessment from a stochastic, rather than deterministic approach.
Development of infrastructure data analysis tools
Development of critical infrastructure risk data analysis tools, including leveraging off-the-shelf or well-established methodologies and software.
Data management process and execution: Providing data services; extract, transform, and load services; database administration, and data governance services for the broad set of data necessary to support analytic and reporting requirements.
Systems engineering expertise architecting key aspects of enterprise scale systems, including requirements, system design, interfaces, integration, and evaluation.
Support engagements to develop a pipeline of high impact projects and guide future federal investments
REQUIRED SKILLS:
12+ years professional experience providing quantitative and qualitative analysis
4+ years DoD experience
3+ years’ experience working with data and system modeling
Data analysis
A broad range of essential data visualization tools and expertise are needed to support program activities
Strong written and verbal communication skills in the English language
Ability to interface confidently with the Government and internal/external customers
Exceptional customer service skills
Ability to identify, initiate, manage and prioritize multiple tasks
Experience working with ontological model development, preferably models based on Basic Formal Ontology (BFO)
Strong organization and time-management skills
Strong technical communication skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Expertise using MS Office software (i.e., Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
MINIMUM EDUCATION REQUIRED:

Bachelor’s Degree in operations research, computer science, information systems or related discipline.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES/TRAINING:

Desired: N/A

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENT STATEMENT: None

This position profile incorporates the core responsibilities of the job. It is recognized that other related duties not specifically mentioned may also be performed, and that not all responsibilities may be carried out depending on operational needs. Nothing in this profile restricts management’s rights to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

1901 Group is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer

1901 Group offers a full package of benefits and competitive salary, excellent group medical, vision and dental programs, life insurance and short term/long term disability coverage, 401K savings plan; employee training, development and education programs; advancement opportunities; and much more!

1901 Group is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.

1901 Group “Contingent” offers for employment may stipulate that one or more requirements be satisfied before final commitment between candidate and 1901 Group is established; namely, award of contract to the 1901 Group. Contingent requirements vary and may also include, but not be limited to additional factors (i.e., the position still being available after negotiations with the Government; final approval of your qualifications by the Government; or ability to successfully acquire and/or transfer a DoD security clearance)

U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

1901 Group is a drug free workplace.

#ZR
