Thank you for your interest in a career at Regions. At Regions, we believe associates deserve more than just a job. We believe in offering performance-driven individuals a place where they can build a career --- a place to expect more opportunities. If you are focused on results, dedicated to quality, strength and integrity, and possess the drive to succeed, then we are your employer of choice.

Regions is dedicated to taking appropriate steps to safeguard and protect private and personally identifiable information you submit. The information that you submit will be collected and reviewed by associates, consultants, and vendors of Regions in order to evaluate your qualifications and experience for job opportunities and will not be used for marketing purposes, sold, or shared outside of Regions unless required by law. Such information will be stored for a set period of time. You may review, modify, or update your information by visiting and logging into the careers section of the system.

Job Description:


At Regions, the Data Scientist works with multiple teams of data scientists, analysts and visualization experts contributing independently to solve high complexity business problems. The ideal candidate has a depth of knowledge in quantitative analytic methods, data management, visualization, and programming skills suitable to drive data driven decisions. This position researches, models, implements and validates algorithms (predictive and prescriptive) to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes.

Primary Responsibilities
Works with large, structured, and un-structured datasets
Uses quantitative and analytical techniques to accelerate profitable growth and customer engagement - unlocking value across all functional areas of business
Uses Big Data tools (Hadoop, Spark, H2O, CDSW, Domino Labs, etc.) to build data analytics solutions.
Builds machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) models from development through testing and validation
Designs rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to business leaders and executives
Draws insights from data to make quick, well informed decisions with available information
Demonstrates ability to continuously learn and provide value in a dynamic environment
This position is exempt from timekeeping requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act and is not eligible for overtime pay.

This job is typically Transactional (100%).

Requirements
Bachelors degree and eight (8) years of experience
Or Master’s degree and four (4) years of experience
Or Ph.D. and two (2) years of experience in a quantitative/analytical/STEM field
Two (2) years of working experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, or Artificial Intelligence
Two (2) years of working programming experience in Python, Ruby, R, Matlab, Scala, or Java
One (1) year of working experience in Big Data Technology in Hadoop, Hive, Impala, Spark, or Kafka
Preferences
Background in banking and/or other financial services
Experience in libraries such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, or Keras
Experience in Agile Software Development
Knowledge in Google Analytics and/or Adobe Digital
Skills and Competencies
Strong business acumen with the ability to communicate with both business and Information Technology (IT) leaders
Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms
Expertise in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets using a variety of tools like Python, R, Statistical Analysis System (SAS), or Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS)
Comfortable with both relational databases and Hadoop-based data mining frameworks
Advanced Structured Query Language (SQL) skills
Proficient in visualization tools like Power Business Intelligence (BI), Tableau
Strong communication skills through data visualizations, written and oral presentations
Position Type

Full time
Location Details
Riverchase OPS Center
Location:
Hoover, Alabama

EEO/AA/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
