Site Name: Richmond Sherwood
Posted Date: Apr 3 2020

The Development Scientist supports new product development by developing formulations and/or providing analysis and evaluation of material and products at all stages of the development process, considering scientific and timing objectives. This individual would have various levels of involvement in the development of conventional and non-conventional solid, semi-solid, liquid, and other formulations.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following

Execution Powerhouse
Manages or contributes to one or more projects in support of Brand Innovation strategy. Exercises a wide degree of technical sophistication in accomplishing assigned objectives.
Designs experiments and carries out scientific work with an awareness of state-of-the-art technology. Creates research plans to fit overall project objectives.
Ensures all work is conducted in accordance with written procedures (e.g. quality and safety), methods & batch documents, etc.
Identify, challenge, develop and implement written procedures (e.g. quality and safety) methods & batch documents, etc.
Produces or contributes to, departmental quality documentation (including SOPs, batch documentation, validation protocols & reports).
Specific safety and quality responsibilities for department and site (e.g. GMP, Audits, Health & Safety).
Deliver all EHS standards and expectations on site and within the laboratories
Works with Outsourcing Leader and/or Senior Development Scientists and contractors
Facilitate completion of outsourced support activity
Growth Mindset
Maintains awareness of scientific literature to assist work progression and understanding.
Highlights own training needs and working with manager develop a training plan and achieve training goals.
Trains self and others in new technology and laboratory responsibilities (including coaching, mentoring and elements of personal development).
Develops knowledge of regulations impacting areas of work (e.g. EP/USP/ICH)
Consumer and Customer-Obsessed
Participate in consumer engagement research to understand the category and needs
Work with Consumer Understanding and Sensory scientists to development consumer- developed innovation
Data-Driven
Maintains precise experimental records; issues report at project milestones; writes invention records to protect scientific discoveries.
Ensures all work is always conducted following good scientific practice and Good Manufacturing Practice (where required).
Agile
Sets and resets priorities to remain focused on objectives in rapidly changing circumstances.
Takes responsibility for specific equipment in accordance with site procedures.
Participates in general problem solving or lead problem solving initiatives
Why You?
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree (Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Nutritional, or related science)
At least 5 years experience (with Bachelors) OR 2 years experience (With Masters)
Ability to apply scientific principles and techniques to assigned projects.
Knowledge of R&D development processes and associated commercial environment.
Clear communicator in both oral and written form with both internal departments and external organizations.
Demonstrates ability to take initiative, think and work independently, problem-solve, work effectively in teams, and multitask.
An ability to organise and report study data from internal and external sources.
Flair for creativity and innovation
Computer literate.
Basic understanding of statistics and its application to experimental work.
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters or PhD degree (Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Nutritional, or related science)
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigor and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
