About Us

Just as the field of Data Science is growing and ever-changing, so too is our team: we’re on the hunt for instructors who are passionate about what they do and want to make a difference in the education of the world’s up-and-coming data scientists — our students.

The NYC Data Science Academy prides itself on housing the most comprehensive 12-week intensive bootcamp in data science methodologies, providing theoretical, practical, and hands-on knowledge to our scholars. We adapt faster than the quickest machine learning algorithms out there — with content that reflects research and application in the growing market and teaching expertise that is beyond ordinary.

That’s where you come in.

From our part-time weekend/evening classes, to our full-time boot camp, our courses are both designed in-house and taught by our robust team of data scientists and engineers. Instructors have the opportunity of taking part in corporate training and consulting projects, building both data science and big data solutions. We encourage collaboration and positive change in not only our students and clients but also in our team. Nerding out is also highly encouraged.

Responsibilities
Develop, evaluate, deliver, and maintain superb content on the cutting-edge of technology for training experiences relevant to audiences with a diverse set of backgrounds.
Participate in planned tailoring of teaching content for both corporate and client audiences.
Provide feedback to product and content development teams.
Stand as an instructional mentor for students of all levels.
About You
Minimum of a Master’s Degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics-related field; Computer Science and Statistics preferred.
Proficiency in statistical computing and/or programming in R and/or Python.
Taught undergraduate or graduate level coursework in STEM, required.
Demonstrated knowledge of Statistics and Machine Learning from both a theoretical and applied perspective.
Experience in developing a curriculum or providing training in a client-facing endeavor.
Perks
Competitive salary, adjustable hours, and flexible vacation policy.
Opportunity to train, research, and learn in the field of data science on-the-job; chance to interact with active data science communities through conferences, Meetup events, etc.
Completely stocked snack pantry.
High-quality computational equipment.
