What will you be doing?

The Contractor shall perform the data integration work to extract, transform and load (ETL) data in a variety of formats into a standardized model that will be provided to the Contractor. The Sponsor requires personnel who have experience with large capability development initiatives, entity resolution technologies, and who have the ability to effectively collaborate with a variety of both internal and external organizations. The Contractor shall then write custom code and/or integrate open source tools into the platform to exploit and visualize that data. When possible, the Contractor shall pull relationships out of that data, perform basic entity extraction, correlate entities together, and create custom visualizations on the data in the system. The Sponsor will define and prioritize requirements for execution via an Agile process and will set the technical direction based on stakeholder interactions and feedback. The Sponsor platform must make data available for query, manipulation, and allow analytics on comingled data sets at scale.

To the greatest extent feasible, these product development initiatives will build atop and augment existing Sponsor investments. To this end, the Contactor shall be required to work seamlessly with other Contractor teams. The Contractor shall assist the Sponsor in evaluating open source, commercial, and existing solutions available within the Sponsor's environment. The Contractor shall identify solutions, produce illustrative prototypes, and work with the Sponsor to generate recommendations and a software product implementation roadmap. To the greatest extent feasible, these solutions will build atop and augment existing Sponsor investments to build a robust product. The Contractor shall assist in implementation and evolving recommendations based on outcomes as directed by the Sponsor.

What will you need?
TS/SCI with appropriate poly active clearance
Expertise in the following technologies / software development areas:
ElasticSearch / data integration /search and discovery operations
CentOS / Linux
JavaScript / UI development
MySQL (or Oracle or other DBs)
SQL
Open source programming packages
Expertise in API Design
Expertise in authoring and consuming Web Services
Expertise in Entity Resolution technologies and concepts
Expertise in open source technologies and experience in pulling together multiple open source modules to satisfy a system requirement
Experience securely and efficiently facilitating search and discovery within large systems
with "row-level" or "cell-level" security
Experience developing Web Applications
Expertise in requirements definition
Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Agile methodologies
Demonstrated on-the-job experience performing data migrations or related O&M activities
Other demonstrated experiences which are highly desired, though not required, include:
Experience or expertise developing software using Go Language (Google's Open Source programming language)
Expertise in Extraction, Transformation, and Loading (ETL) of disparate datasets
Demonstrated experience with large-scale data analytics efforts in the Sponsor organization or with Sponsor partner organizations
Expertise performing large scale data migrations for legacy systems
Experience in Information Security, Assessment & Accreditation process with Sponsor
Clearance

TS/SCI with appropriate polygraph

Who are we?

Praxis Engineering* was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Annapolis Junction MD - with growing offices in Chantilly VA and Aberdeen MD.

Praxis Engineering is a consulting, product, and solutions firm dedicated to the practical application of software and system engineering technologies to solve complex problems.

With over 350 employees supporting more than 50 contracts, Praxis brings together world class engineers with proven engineering best practices, domain expertise, commercial technologies and proven agile management approaches to create high value solutions aimed at helping our customers meet their most critical business and mission objectives.
Praxis Engineering is a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics IT.
Why Praxis?

We are focused on continual learning and evolution. We don't do things because "that's the way we've always done things"; we listen to our employees and adapt to the changing marketplace. We look at the big picture and encourage our engineers to get training and certifications in emerging technologies that will help shape our customer's mission. We've been profitable year after year. We're always on the lookout for great engineers to join the team and we recognize that our employees are the heart and soul of what we do. We focus on recruiting talented people, treating them right, and then allowing them to do what they do best. No red tape. No micromanagement. Smart people want to work with smart people, and we love people who are passionate about what they do, and finding ways to do it better.

And then there is the...

Benefits
Competitive salary
Office perks such as free soft drinks and snacks (both healthy and not-so-healthy)
Praxis swag (annual gift certificate to purchase top brand Praxis apparel)
Comprehensive health insurance plans
Parental leave
401k contribution/match: combination of profit share/contribution (4%) and employer match (up to 4%) for a total of 8%.
Annual bonus plan
Four weeks Paid Time Off + 10 holidays + comp time eligibility
Training is a priority! Take advantage of our endless in-house training opportunities - or seek out vendor offered (paid) training opportunities like conferences, certification courses and seminars.
Conferences (recently attended by Praxis employees): AWS Summit, IoT World, Black Hat and DefCon.
Training & Certifications: Splunk, AWS, Big Data/Cloudera, VMWare, Scrum Master...the list of certifications goes on and on!
Praxis University: Cyber Research, Data Analytics, IoT, AWS and RedHat course offerings and hands-on training.
We truly believe the right work-life balance can exist, and it's here at Praxis. Our work is extremely important, but your job is just a part of who you are. When you enjoy your life outside of our walls, you're at your best the next time you walk through our doors. We do all we can to assure that happens every day.
Praxis Engineering provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, or any other protected class.
