Job Description
Join the Clean Energy Revolution

Become a Data Science Advisor at Southern California Edison (SCE) and build a better tomorrow. In this job, youll be responsible for working closely with business clients, subject matter experts, information architects, data engineers, and other team members to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions in SCEs Energy Procurement and Management (EPM) organization. You will lead the development of predictive and prescriptive models using advanced statistics and machine learning methods to solve business problems in the energy portfolio planning, trading and market operations, and settlements and contract management groups. Youll be a creative thinker who is responsible for modeling complex analytical problems, discovering insights and finding opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, data mining and visualization techniques. As a Data Science Advisor your work will help power our planet, reduce carbon emissions and create cleaner air for everyone. Are you ready to take on the challenge to help us build the future?

A day in the life - Get ready to think big, work smart and shine bright!
Provide strategic direction for data analytics in support of EPMs energy portfolio planning, trading and market operations, and settlements and contract management groups.
Participate in or lead big data analytics projects that perform functions such as: access, validate, and analyze electricity usage and production data from customer meters, generators and DERs; identify behind-the-meter renewable generation resources and electric vehicle charging patterns; utilize weather data to perform analytical tasks across the company; and other similar projects.
Develop procedures and data pipelines to extract and prepare large data sets from sources such as the energy markets, customer meter data, and transmission and distribution SCADA data to support data analytics projects.
Help improve existing quantitative models using advanced analytical tools.
Provide advanced analytics expertise to EPM by participating in cross-functional predictive and prescriptive analytical projects.
Qualifications

The essentials
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Information Technology, Business or related field.
Seven (7) years of experience in implementing information systems.
Three (3) years of experience working with advanced analytical systems such as Python, R, Hadoop, SAS, Spark or similar systems.
The preferred
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Information Technology, Business or related discipline.
Experience consulting with management on the initiation, scoping, development and implementation of large IT projects, and managing cross-functional project teams.
Ten (10) years of experience managing cross-functional project teams, and providing consulting and advisory services.
In-depth understanding of data analytics, data engineering, and data management processes, including data modeling and knowledge of SQL, XML, etc.
Experience in IT project management and agile development practices, and the ability to learn and apply new technologies for data analytics.
Experience developing, implementing and integrating IT systems in the electric utility or similar industry.
You should know
Visit our Candidate Resources page to get important information related to benefits/perks, testing, candidate tips, hiring process, and more! https://www.edisoncareers.com/page/show/Candidate-Resources
Relocation may apply to this position.
About Southern California Edison

The people at SCE don't just keep the lights on. Our mission is so much bigger. Were fueling the kind of innovation thats changing an entire industry, and quite possibly the planet. Join us and create a future with cleaner energy, while providing our customers with the safety and reliability they demand. At SCE, youll have a chance to grow personally and professionally, making a real impact in Southern California and around the world.

At SCE, we celebrate our differences. We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.

We are committed to ensuring that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodations at (833) 343-0727.
#L1-BH1
