At Vida, our mission is to eradicate chronic disease and transform peoples lives through improved health. There is huge potential to make an impact: 1 in 3 people in the U.S. has a chronic health condition, while 1 in 4 struggles with mental illness. Chronic conditions also represent a huge market opportunity at ~80% of our nations $3T in annual healthcare spend.

Vida is transforming healthcare through digital therapeutic programs and one-on-one health coaching and therapy to help individuals prevent, manage, and overcome chronic conditions.

We apply data science and a human touch to drive a highly personalized experience through our easy-to-use mobile app. Our unique approach drives high user engagement, behavior change, and proven clinical outcomes.

Vida serves employees/members of Fortune 500 companies, large national payers, and leading health systems. We have both a B2C and B2B revenue model.

Our Data Analysts perform a critical role at Vida. Their analyses are used to improve the core Vida product experience, especially towards understanding and improving our impact on Vidas users behavior and their clinical health outcomes. You will collaborate closely with every team at the company but working especially closely with our Finance team to assist with building financial models to help us understand further how we can deliver the best value to our customers.

The position is full-time and based in San Francisco at the Vida HQ. Candidates should be local to the SF Bay Area.

Responsibilities:
Create and publish standard, ad hoc reports with a high degree of accuracy, using internal and external data (e.g. customer, user, revenue, product, market, industry) to derive insights that will drive business decisions.
Become the data representative of multiple large enterprise clients, managing the intake of data and reporting requests from both internal and external stakeholders, supporting and prioritizing their requests for reports based on importance, urgency, and scope of impact.
Support our finance teams with building models and reports to support billing activities and predicting revenue growth.
Contribute to our overall data strategy to ensure the data teams tools and process evolve as the company grows in order to support our ever-increasing customer base.
Negotiate details such as data point definitions and formulas to ensure consistent reporting across partnered groups.
Design and develop automated reporting solutions to enable stakeholders to manage the business and make effective decisions.
Explore data through funnels, cohort analyses, trends, user segmentation, regression models and more.
Work with internal data engineering and data science teams to support causal and predictive analysis
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's or Masters degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Finance or Statistics)
3+ years of experience in data analytics, including working with financial data
Exceptional SQL skills and experience writing complex queries
Advanced proficiency of data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, Power BI, Data Studio, etc
Ability to work independently, manage multiple projects and deliver results in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment.
Preferred Qualifications:
Prior experience working with reporting and modeling financial data with experience using statistical tools such as Python/R, SAS, Excel, etc.
Knowledge of working on cloud-based data platforms - like Google Big Query or AWS Redshift.
Analytical skills, with experience solving ambiguous problems using data and providing practical business insights.
Experience leading data-driven projects from definition through interpretation and execution.
Interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to present technical content to general audiences
Working knowledge of Unix command-line/shell, git and pull requests.
Experience working on data-driven products.
Bonus: experience working on wearable or health-tracking products or datasets.
Previous startup experience or previous experience in a healthcare company, a strong plus.
Benefits & Perks:
Competitive compensation including stock options
A health-oriented office culture including walking 1:1s, healthy food & snacks, fitness challenges, and weekly team runs and Yoga classes
Health, Vision, Dental Benefits
Vacation time and company paid holidays
ABOUT VIDA HEALTH: Vida is a next generation continuous care platform for both consumers and businesses, combining a consumer mobile app, an enterprise care platform offering on demand 24/7 solutions for chronic conditions. Vida platform runs in the cloud, captures real-time data from 100+ devices and apps, and integrates back to the employer, payer, and provider. 133 million people in the U.S. live with a chronic condition, 70% of the $3T healthcare spend in the U.S. goes to preventable chronic conditions.
