Responsibilities
Work with experienced team members on modeling and data science engagements from understanding the business objective and evaluating the model's business impact, through data sourcing and analysis, to model development and implementation
Develop a relationship with business stakeholders and be proactive about changes in model performance, customer behavior, and the competitive landscape
Become a subject matter expert to your business partners and help them understand the strengths and shortcomings of our models
Chase Consumer &Community Banking (CCB) servesover 70 million consumers and 4 million small businesses with a broad range offinancial services through our 137,000 employees. The Chase Business Modeling team builds cutting-edge Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence solutions that empower informed decision making, drive high-value business objectives, and enhance the customer experience. Our team members work with colleagues across marketing, finance, and operations to deliver high-impact models for all of our customers' needs across our product suite:from banking and credit card products for individuals and small business, to home and auto loans, as well as wealth management.

Qualifications:
M.S. degree in Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, or Economics
Hands-on experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Expertise in at least one of the following: Python, R
PreferredQualifications:
PhD in a quantitative discipline
1+ years of relevant experience in consumer finance, wealth management, or a major retailer
Hands-on experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence applied to large datasets
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
