Description: About the team. The Clinical Products data science team helps supercharge CVS-Aetnas clinical programs to improve member health and lower costs. Given CVS-Aetnas size, scope, and deep set of capacities, CVS-Aetna is an unparalleled platform to make a difference in healthcare in the US and beyond. The Clinical Products team has three main goals. First, CVS-Aetna is launching a series of clinical programs that use the resources of the combined CVS-Aetna, and our team delivers the advanced analytics to support those initiatives. Second, the team develops data-driven clinical recommendations that are delivered to members, their providers, and their caregivers. Finally, we build condition-specific models that help other parts of the company (e.g. pricing) better predict member care journeys.

About the position. This Data Scientist will join the newly formed Clinical Products team and support, end to end, one or more of the teams three objectives. This role will build predictive models, work with clinical experts (e.g. doctors) to translate their subject matter expertise into machine learning models, extract and manipulate data from multiple large data sources, and present her / his work to technical and non-technical stakeholders. This role will also use the results of AB testing to improve the performance of the teams statistical modeling and targeting.

70907

Fundamental Components:
Develops and/or uses algorithms and statistical predictive models.
Brings clinical insights to inform predictive models: is comfortable reading academic clinically oriented literature and collaborating with clinical subject matter experts to inform predictive models.
Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and/or complex business problems using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and broad knowledge of the organization and/or industry.
Collaborates with business partners to understand their problems and goals, develop predictive modeling, statistical analysis, data reports and performance metrics.
Develops and participates in presentations and consultations to existing and prospective constituents on analytics results and solutions.
Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization.
Use strong knowledge in algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions.
Use strong programming skills to explore, examine and interpret large volumes of data in various forms.
Background Experience:
2 or more years of progressively complex related experience.
Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis
Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.
Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur.
Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.
Clinically oriented background or professional experience is a plus.
Clinical Licensure: N/A Potential Telework Position: No Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
