Description

Chenega IT Enterprise Services, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Scientist

Clearance: Top Secret/SCI

Location: Ft Huachuca, AZ

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Scientist will be responsible for research and development of statistical learning models for data analysis and data analytics to include implementing dashboards and visualization models.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Responsible for usage, implementation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of Hadoop, MapReduce and associated components such as Hive, Spark, etc.
Develop and/or use appropriate probabilistic, stochastic or machine learning algorithms such as Markov chains, Support Vector Machines (SVM), Decision Trees, etc. based on the problem space and data sets.
Write and modify scripts to resolve complex tasks quickly and avoid repetitive tasks
Maintain technical expertise relevant to industry standards and best practices in Data Science and Data Engineering.
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in a technical discipline such as Data Science, Computer science, engineering, or mathematics
1 years of relevant experience
Experience in the following:
Hadoop and MapReduce along with Relational Databases (RDBMS) and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, Couch, Neo4J, etc. in support of big data/cloud computing from a usage and implementation perspective.
Working with Big Data (both structured and unstructured data) in the Hadoop environment to include data preparation, advanced analytics, text analytics, machine learning and AI
Development of data visualization applications driven by big data in a data analytics computing environment.
Geospatial applications such as ArcGIS, Google Earth and/or open source JavaScript applications such as Open Layers, leaflet, etc.
Top Secret/SCI
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Ability to clearly and fluently translate their technical findings to a non-technical team
Ability to travel
Software development experience with relevant Python to include both back end/data access and front end (GUI) preferred
Solid understanding of system integration and architecture
Military experience, especially related to Military Intelligence is a plus
Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee may use repeated motions that include the arms, wrists, hands and/or fingers. The employee is occasionally required to walk, stand, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)
The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.
Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Arizona-Fort Huachuca

Organization: Chenega IT Enterprise Services, LLC
Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support
Security Requirements: TS / SCI
Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt
Recruiter: Melissa Gendreau
Req ID: 2000001408
