Site Name: Richmond Sherwood
Posted Date: Mar 18 2020

As we look to redefine expectations in consumer healthcare, we need experienced, entrepreneurial-minded individuals to help on this journey. Being part of Consumer Health at GSK is being part of something special. The focus of the organization couldnt be clearer we are fueled by a personal passion to give our customers and our patients MORE. We are ready, are you?

Position Functions:

This exciting opportunity will allow you to leverage your leadership and influencing skills to build organizational capabilities that will enable GSK Consumer Healthcare to be the most innovative, best performing and trusted Consumer Healthcare company.

The Development Scientist, Voltaren supports new product development by developing formulations and/or providing analysis and evaluation of material and products at all stages of the development process, considering scientific and timing objectives. This individual would have various levels of involvement in the development of conventional and non-conventional solid, semi-solid, liquid, and other formulations.

Key responsibilities for this role will include the following:

Execution Powerhouse
Manages or contributes to one or more projects in support of Brand Innovation strategy.
Exercises a wide degree of technical sophistication in accomplishing assigned objectives.
Designs experiments and carries out scientific work with an awareness of state-of-the-art technology. Creates research plans to fit overall project objectives.
Ensures all work is conducted in accordance with written procedures (e.g. quality and safety), methods & batch documents, etc.
Identify, challenge, develop and implement written procedures (e.g. quality and safety) methods & batch documents, etc.
Produces or contributes to, departmental quality documentation (including SOPs, batch documentation, validation protocols & reports).
Specific safety and quality responsibilities for department and site (e.g. GMP, Audits, Health & Safety).
Deliver all EHS standards and expectations on site and within the laboratories
Works with Outsourcing Leader and/or Senior Development Scientists and contractors facilitate completion of outsourced support activity
Growth Mindset
Maintains awareness of scientific literature to assist work progression and understanding.
Highlights own training needs and working with manager develop a training plan and achieve training goals.
Trains self and others in new technology and laboratory responsibilities (including coaching, mentoring and elements of personal development).
Develops knowledge of regulations impacting areas of work (e.g. EP/USP/ICH)
Consumer and Customer-Obsessed
Participate in consumer engagement research to understand the category and needs
Work with Consumer Understanding and Sensory scientists to development consumer developed innovation
Data-Driven
Maintains precise experimental records; issues report at project milestones; writes invention records to protect scientific discoveries.
Ensures all work is always conducted following good scientific practice and Good
Manufacturing Practice (where required).

Agile
Sets and resets priorities to remain focused on objectives in rapidly changing circumstances.
Takes responsibility for specific equipment in accordance with site procedures.
Participates in general problem solving or lead problem solving initiatives
Why You?

We seek candidates that possess the following qualifications:
Bachelors degree in a Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Nutritional or related science
At least 5 years of experience with a bachelors degree or at least 2 years with a masters degree
Ability to apply scientific principles and techniques to assigned projects.
Knowledge of R&D development processes and associated commercial environment.
Clear communicator in both oral and written form with both internal departments and external organisations.
Demonstrates ability to take initiative, think and work independently, problem-solve, work effectively in teams, and multitask.
An ability to organise and report study data from internal and external sources.
Flair for creativity and innovation
Computer literate.
Basic understanding of statistics and its application to experimental work.
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
MS or Ph.D. degree in a Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Nutritional or related science
Why GSK Consumer Healthcare?

At GSK, our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better, live longer. We are focused on the research and development of innovative pharmaceutical medicines, vaccines and consumer healthcare products. The GSK Consumer Healthcare business has a portfolio of some of the worlds most trusted and well-loved brands. Our brands are underpinned by science-based innovation and include Flonase, TUMS, and Sensodyne and have been developed to meet the healthcare needs of consumers worldwide.
LI-GSK

RichmondConsumerHealthcareR&D

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
