Zurich North America is looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data & Analytics team based out of Zurich’s North American headquarters in Schaumburg, Illinois or our offices in Jersey City, New Jersey.

The Data & Analytics team executes on an enterprise-wide data and analytics strategy that supports Zurich's business goals and creates a way to enhance our revenues while sharing our insights with our customers. Additionally, the Data & Analytics team helps prioritize business topics for support in conjunction with stakeholders, leads the build-out of data as a business asset, helps drive insights to action, and develops approaches to share and monetize insights.

You will play a key role as a Data Scientist to help achieve the business goals stated above by:
Supporting collaboration with business stakeholders to understand their problems and structure an advanced analytical solution to solve it
Designing, developing, and validating models built using a variety of modeling techniques
Working with cross-functional teams to put models into production, and provide support on IT implementation and system integration of models
Developing a strategy on how to use the model to generate the desired impact
Monitoring the model for accuracy, execution, and to ensure that it’s generating the desired impact.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Mathematics/Statistics and 2 or more years of experience in the transforming data and developing insights for use in business decision area
OR
High School Diploma or Equivalent in Computer Science or Mathematics/Statistics and 4 or more years of experience in the transforming data and developing insights for use in business decision area
OR
Zurich Certified Insurance Apprentice including an Associate Degree in Computer Science or Mathematics/Statistics and 2 or more years of experience in the transforming data and developing insights for use in business decision area
AND
Experience applying data transformation techniques such as exact and probabilistic matching methods; fuzzy matching, text mining, and data reduction

Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s Degree
Advanced analytical and problem solving skills
Strong verbal and communication skills
Data visualization experience building dashboards and interactive graphs
Experience with programming and database mining tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, SQL, Python, R, and R Shiny

Imagine working for a company that truly cares about their employees, customers, stakeholders, and communities they serve.

Imagine working for a values-driven organization that has the ambition and desire to be the best global insurance provider in the world.

Zurich is that place where 55,000 employees across approximately 200 countries and territories are all focused on helping people and helping companies protect what is truly most important to them. We are a values-driven organization that takes pride in the work that we do every day and we have the ambition to be the best global insurer in the world.

EOE disability/vets

Zurich does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resume will become the property of Zurich American Insurance. If you are a preferred vendor, please use our Recruiting Agency Portal for resume submission.
