Role: Channel Analytics - Data Scientist

Duration: 12-months

Location: Sunnyvale CA

Our Company Bio: Bayside Solutions was founded in 2001, Bayside was recognized as one of the fastest growing professional staffing companies in Northern California. The numbers tell the story: We have close to a 100% client retention rate, 700% growth in four plus years and over 95% repeat business. Our dedication to building partnership relationships with both our clients and our recruits is the key to our phenomenal success.

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Bayside Solutions is looking for a Channel Analytics - Data scientist to provide critical analysis and insights to help inform and optimize digital properties and strategy for all of marketing communications programs with our clients Channel partners. The role will be responsible for designing and building dashboards and data visualizations to help business users understand data and inform decisions. There will be ad hoc analyses but also a need to build self-service tools for business users. The position requires excellent communication skills and experience working directly with creative and technology teams as well as a wide array of business stakeholders.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
Strong understanding of web analytics and digital marketing are a must.
Ability to present findings in a meaningful and concise is required.
Hands-on, get-the-job-done, attitude.
Innate ability to listen, learn and extend learning's to the entire interactive organization.
Excellent understanding of analytics and know how to help other people understand the importance of analytics.
Passion with working with creatives, technologists and can clearly communicate with senior level stakeholders.
You understand that our internal tools and systems are an extension of marketing - and need to be at the same level of quality.
You understand and drive issues to conclusion.
REQUIREMENTS:
Seasoned data scientist with 5+ years of experience developing analytical dashboards, solutions and strategy across digital marketing platforms and social ecosystems
In-depth knowledge of digital analytics data, measurement, methodologies and industry standards.
Great communicator with good sense of layout and natural presentation skills that allow business and creative teams to easily understand outcomes in a narrative.
Self-starter can take a project from start to finish with minimal supervision
Flexibility to deal with rapidly changing, time-constrained launch schedules.
Able to balance multiple projects and assignments.
Highly detail-oriented, organized, and patient.
Experience in working across different global cultures a plus.
Strong working knowledge of SQL, Teradata preferred
Extremely proficient with Tableau and other Data Visualization tools
Strong working knowledge of process automation using a scripting language (R / Python)
Solid understanding of fundamental statistical concepts and measurement methodologies
Web Analytics (Adobe preferred)


EDUCATION:
Bachelor's degree required in Marketing, Finance, Business Analytics, or related fields. Master's degree preferred in Business Administration or Marketing Science.
