Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company!
The legal world is in the midst of a Data Science and AI revolution. The Liberty Mutual Legal department is at the forefront of the legal transformation applying advanced data science tools including deep learning and NLP to legal problems such as contract analysis, billing audit and policy coverage analysis.

We are looking for a talented data scientist to join our team building AI and decision support tools that help our clients and policyholders obtain better outcomes on legal related issues.

In this role, you will collaborate closely with a team of data scientists, analysts, and IT developers. You and the team will work with clients across the company to develop strong understanding of business needs. You will research and apply machine learning and statistical algorithms to projects aimed at revealing the drivers of legal cost and related outcomes.

Example projects include using deep learning based NLP models classify millions of text-based legal records, machine learning models to predict the outcome of a case, and using Bayesian hierarchical models to estimate causal effect of legal decisions.

Responsibilities:
Develop predictive and explanatory models that help improve legal decision making using deep learning and other NLP (Natural Language Processing) techniques
Perform all data preparation and exploratory data analysis steps
Guide implementation, testing, and evaluation of models
Work with clients to develop strong understanding of business needs and use business understanding to help design effective analytical solutions
Manage and execute all aspects of analytic initiatives, including developing project plans and guiding the work of others
Present methodology and results of analysis to a broad range of audiences, including both technical and non-technical, at all levels of the organization
Collaborate closely with other members of the Legal Analytics and Data Science team and the Liberty Mutual Data Science community
Qualifications:
Competencies typically acquired through a Ph.D. degree (in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Actuarial Science or other scientific field of study) with 2+ years professional experience, a Master's degree and 4+ years of relevant experience or may be acquired through a Bachelor's degree and 5+ years of relevant experience.
Significant professional experience required applying quantitative analysis and modeling to solving real-world business problems including experience in model validation, testing and deployment
Adept at framing business questions and practices in analytic terms, and translating business requirements into corresponding datasets, analyses, models, and reports
Demonstrated proficiency in R or Python required
Experience applying Deep Learning and/or NLP techniques (especially using Tensorflow or PyTorch) on large unstructured data highly preferred
Demonstrated good communication skills to exchange ideas and convey complex information clearly and concisely
Model deployment and project management experience preferred
This position is open to candidates in Boston, Dover, Plano, or Seattle. Compensation will vary based on location.

Benefits:
We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it's our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits
Overview:
At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.
We're dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.
