Full-time, Boston, MA

Hurry up! We've got a dream to build!

BlueConic is a fast-growing SaaS startup in search of that unique individual who blends a customer service attitude with technical problem solving. If the idea of leading BlueConic's data science practice based on our cutting-edge technology, you're going to be a great fit for this role.

The team you will join is changing digital marketing every single day and we've got the data to prove it! After introducing the market-leading AI Workbench as part of the BlueConic customer data platform, customer demand for data science is exploding and we need an experienced, hands-on, solutions-focused person to help build the burgeoning data science practice.

About BlueConic


BlueConic is the market-leading customer data platform, which gives marketers the power to liberate their data and use it to improve marketing outcomes. Our clients use BlueConic to unify individual-level data and then use that single view across channels. Our SaaS platform is the solution for challenges marketers haven't been able to solve for years. We're headquartered in Boston and our development team works in the Netherlands. With nearly 300 brands using the platform, our work is experienced by millions.

About the Job


BlueConic's machine learning feature set primarily the Jupyter-based AI Workbench, as well as the Apache Spark-based recommendations engine is waiting for skilled and creative data scientists to join the BlueCrew in order to help our customers better unify and activate their first-party customer data. A versatile, curious person, you will have a dual function that allows you to both build additional ML capabilities for the platform, while also delivering specific customer models as needed. In short, your work will be essential in differentiating BlueConic's solution today and driving us toward further leadership in the CDP category.

In this role you will:
Provide customer engagements and technical sales support as needed and collaborate with Solutions Architects on customer data integrations, customer specific models, and complex implementations.
Partner with Customer Success Managers to inspire customers to use machine learning to get more from their data, including building and optimizing models, as well as using Workbench to transform, analyze, and visualize data.
Work closely with the Product Engineering teams as well as our Solutions Teams to actively develop and provide strategic direction for the data science capabilities in the platform.
Scope, design, and implement machine-learning models to support the customers' numerous initiatives and programs with data science, including vertical-specific and marketing-specific models that reinforce BlueConic's differentiation as a leader in the CDP space.
Build predictive models with advanced machine learning algorithms.
Innovate relentlessly by building new models; improving techniques to boost model performance; and maintaining and refining the processes and procedures for building high-end analytic modeling solutions.
You have:


A Master's degree in a Quantitative Field (e.g. Physics, Math, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science, etc.); applied knowledge/experience in the application of statistics preferred.
Fluency in Python and its associated data science ecosystem (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, etc.)
At least 5 years' experience applying relevant machine learning and data modelling techniques to provide customer/consumer insights, ideally in B2C industries including retail, finance, media, etc. (SAS, R, and other statistical languages ideal but not required.)
An exceptional ability to interpret business requirements, translate into data science problems, and deliver high value outputs.
A knack for communication that enables you to work well with people with various technical backgrounds, think analytically, write and edit technical material, and relate statistical concepts and applications to statistical and non-statistical SAS users.
You will be a great fit if you:
You would be a great fit if you are enthusiastic about one or more of the following:
Online / out-of-core algorithms
Uplift modelling
Bayesian statistics
Have worked in both technology and end-user client environments during your career.
Intimately understand the business challenges that our technology is suited to solve.
Are friendly and ready to work with others, both technical and non-technical. We don't work in isolation and regularly interact with each other and members of other teams.
Reasons to join us:


Help build the best marketing technology product ever, period.
Be part of a small but fast-growing team in downtown Boston.
Take advantage of enormous opportunities for career advancement.
Work with big name brands to achieve their marketing goals.
Enjoy competitive salary and benefits, including the office stroopwafel supply (google it).
