We are looking for a data scientist that will help us
discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make
smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be
in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building
high quality prediction systems integrated with our products.

Essential Functions

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Extending companys data with third party sources of information when needed

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner

Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance

Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis

Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design

Competencies

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests,etc.

Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.

Great communication skills

Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.

Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig

Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Good scripting and programming skills

Data-oriented personality

Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as laptop computers, photocopiers and smartphones.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and ability to adjust focus. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary.

Position Type/Expected Hours of Work

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are
Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening work may be required as job duties demand.

Travel

Little to no travel is expected for this position.

Required Education and Experience

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field

3+ years practical experience with SAS, ETL, data
processing, database programming and data analytics

Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis
Advanced knowledge of database structure and theory

Basic understanding of disaster recovery and database backup
procedures

Familiarity with reporting tools

Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and
assistance

Work Authorization/Security Clearance (if applicable)

Ability to obtain a TS/SCI Security Clearance and potentially
operate sustainment and fielding activities in a secured facility.

AAP/EEO Statement

The Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe it is our moral and legal
obligation to meet the responsibility of ensuring that all management practices
regarding employees are conducted in a nondiscriminatory manner.

In compliance with Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and other applicable
federal and state statutes, all recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting for
all job classifications will be administered without regard to race, color,
religion, ancestry, age, sex, national origin, disability, military veteran
status or other status protected by law, including state of employment
protected classes.

All personnel related activities such as compensation, benefits, transfers, job
classification, assignments, working conditions, terminations, layoffs, and return from layoffs, and all other terms, conditions and privileges of employment will be administered without regard to race, color, religion, ancestry, age, sex, national origin, disability, military veteran status or other status protected by law, including state of employment
protected classes.

The success of the Company depends heavily on the employment and effective utilization
of qualified persons regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry, age, sex,
national origin, disability, military veteran status or other status protected
by law, including state of employment protected classes. It is, therefore, our
policy and intention to evaluate all employees and prospective employees
strictly according to the requirements of the job.

Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or
contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that
are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and
activities may change at any time with or without notice.
