We are looking to hire an analytics & insights Data Scientist to partner with eBay's core product team. As a critical member of the Product Insights team, you will have the unique opportunity to influence decision making and the product roadmap with data insights and thought leadership.

To be successful in this role:
You would have to strike a balance between strategic thinking and hands-on analyses using tools like SQL, R, Python.
You would need to possess strong technical skills to extract actionable insights from enormous amounts of data from Hadoop. At the same time, you also need to have the ability to think about the big picture and connect the dots to evaluate how the insights impact eBays ecosystem.
You would need a deep understanding of statistics, supervised/unsupervised algos and their applicability in various practical scenarios as you choose the best way to extract insights from data to solve a customer problem.
Youd need strong understanding of A/B testing framework and causal inferences
You would need a mindset for scalability as you help create scalable processes and strategy for the data science team
Youd need a strong customer mindset and ability to connect customer voices with data insights to recommend product solutions and collaborate with engineering and product partners
You would need an ability to present complex analyses and insights effectively in simple terms
Proactive collaboration and effective communication are critical
Requirements:
Strong quantitative background with a degree in Computer Science, Math, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related disciplines.
5-10 years experience in the field of data science and analytics is preferred
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
