IQVIA™ is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

We are always looking for new talent to join Q2 Solutions. To be considered for a future Assistant Scientist, Sample Preparation position, submit your resume. If your qualifications, experience, and skill sets align with the position requirements, one of our recruiters will connect with you.
Works under close supervision from higher level Scientific and Project Management staff. Performs a variety of technical procedures such as routine sample preparation, method development/optimization and troubleshooting experiments. Also prepares routine solutions and reagents. Assists in maintaining laboratory equipment, supports lab safety, and complies with Quintiles procedures and Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) requirements, as applicable.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Prepare biological samples for quantitative and qualitative analysis. May assist with method development and validation.
Responsible for providing clear communication with the Scientific, Project Management and LC/MS/MS teams.
Prepare stock and working solutions/standards and QC samples.
Aliquots control matrices.
Weigh reference compounds, if respirator-certified.
Make and record observations, perform calculations, and collect and prepare data for evaluation.
Document all project work according to Quintiles and GLP processes and procedures, as applicable.
Perform pipette maintenance and verification, and other laboratory maintenance as required.
Assist in maintaining adequate supplies.
Maintain housekeeping standards for work area.
May work with automated instrumentation.
May interface with Laboratory Operations to request and return study samples.
May use LIMS system to schedule samples, set-up and edit worklist and manage bioanalytical data.
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledgeable in basic chemistry and/or biology.
Ability to perform accurate and precise processing of client samples.
Ability to follow written and oral scientific directions.
Ability to adhere to Company and client Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s).
Ability to complete documentation per Company guidelines and GLP requirements, as applicable.
Ability to multitask and maintain an organized work area.
Ability to work well with others and independently.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with coworkers, managers and clients.
Excellent attention to detail and communication skills.
MINIMUM REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
High School with 4 years’ experience in a laboratory environment; or equivalent combination of education, training and experience.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Extensive use of micropipettes requiring repetitive motion of hand and wrist.
Standing or sitting for extended periods of time as work permits.
May be required to lift 20lb loads on an infrequent basis.
Ability to wear PPE, as required.
Will work with general laboratory reagents and research compounds.
EEO Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!
