Job Summary:
Who are we?
Ticketmaster, a proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, is the world's leading live event high tech ticketing company selling nearly 455 million tickets each year, supporting over 145,000 events and more than 12,000 clients in 21 countries worldwide. At Ticketmaster, we power the people who create culture through live events, connecting more passionate fans to those experiences than anyone else. We are innovators that embrace change and work hard to help others succeed. We believe in open communication and stress accountability, because fans and clients count on us every day. We strive for ease of use for our clients and fans while seeking out those who have a bias for action versus a desire for directives.
Why Ticketmaster?

A career at Ticketmaster will challenge and engage you. The pace here is fast, the atmosphere is fun and a passion for live events is a common thread that ties us together. As a global and
growing business, we can truly offer a world of opportunities to expand your skills and develop your career.

What the job is:

In this role you will:
Be part of a dynamic, highly-focused team that is responsible for providing machine-learning insights and SW products that engage Live Nations 120+MM users
Be collecting and analyzing very large data sets
Carry out tasks encompassing data sanitization and data normalization
Designing and implementing machine learning algorithms ranging from feature engineering, feature selection, clustering, predictive scoring, classification and ranking
Be directly involved in the productization of your algorithms and ideas into full-fledged commercial-grade SW tools that will directly interact with, and affect the experience of hundreds of millions of users, both domestically and internationally
Participate in peer code reviews, write unit tests and provide feedback to other members of the team
Partner with data engineers to successfully deliver a CDP to the business
Carry out rigorous model validation and model tuning/optimization as part of the natural model life-cycle
Our job descriptions evolve with our business need and priorities. In addition to the description above, your role may include additional projects and team support as needed.
What a qualified candidate should possess:
5+ years of SW development with a high-level programming language (Java, C/C++, Python)
Strong machine learning background both on supervised and unsupervised algorithms
5+ years of industry experience, or equivalent and pertinent course work
Proficient in SQL and RDBMS's
Experience with unit testing frameworks like JUnit, Mockito or similar is desirable
Experience with/knowledge of frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, Kafka/Kinesis is desirable
Education: BS/MS/Ph.D. in CS, Math or Physics
Effective communication skills and enjoying work as part of a team
If the above description sounds interesting to you and fits your background, apply online at www.livenationentertainment.com/careers to join the Ticketmaster team today!

Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

Ticketmaster strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law.

HIRING PRACTICES

The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

Ticketmaster recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Ticketmaster may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, Internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms.
