One of the world’s leading financial consultative service providers are looking for Data Sceintists to join their team. The Company provides financial advisory and consultations to more than 4,500 clients in more than 35 countries, worldwide.

Job Description

Maintaining business excellence for us means the acquisition of new talent that are experts in new technologies and sciences.

We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our team of technologists and data scientists to help us deliver data-driven solutions to our clients.

We are looking for someone with experience in using machine learning and natural language processing technologies to isolate, identify and utilize relevant data and help in designing and implementing new technologies and solutions to both simple and complex financial problems.

Roles & Responsibilities
Liaise with clients and our senior management team to understand client needs
Identify and process various sources of client/third-party financial data
Analyse sets of data to identify structures, patterns and trends
Use patterns in data to propose solutions and strategies for client problems
Create and present findings to senior management team and other stakeholders, as and when required
Collaborate with our technical team to design and implement automated data collection tools/processes, using predictive analytics and machine learning algorithms
Collaborate with our product development team to make recommendations for service improvements
Essential Requirements
5+ years of relevant experience (e.g. Data Scientist, Data Analyst, Statistician, Economist, etc.)
Working knowledge of machine learning algorithms and technologies
A great knowledge and/or experience of business intelligence tools (e.g. VBA, SQL, Tableau, etc.)
MSc or higher in Data Science, Statistics, Economics or a related field
Experience delivering agile solutions to various small and large clients
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent attention to detail
Impeccable listening skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Able to create and maintain strong working relationships with both internal and external colleagues and clients
Great planning and organisational skills
A desire for continuous learning and professional improvement
Desirable Skills
Experience working within the financial services (or similar) sector
Knowledge of cloud computing technologies (MS Azure, Amazon AWS, etc.)
A working knowledge of Python programming
Experience providing advisory or consultation services to client
Benefits
Competitive salary
Work-from-home Scheme
Fully funded training courses available
Apply directly at: https://prolancer.com/jobs/send-proposal/298

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year

Work Remotely:
Yes
