Job Description
Would you, as a Senior Data Scientist, like to start a new R&D Data Science team housed within a leading global reinsurance specialist? How about being our 'Tech Lead' and building out your own team where you'll use bleeding-edge Machine Learning techniques and tools?

What's The Job?

You will be tasked with building out our new R&D Data Team inside our Data Science Center of Excellence. As our 'Tech Lead' you will be our point-person for driving our team forward, hiring the best Data professionals, and ensure our high standards are met every day.

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will have access to Big Data from a company with a global reach, and use the very latest in Machine Learning & Deep Learning techniques. We have a big focus on NLP right now, so being excited to extract Data-Driven Insights using NLP will be a big benefit.

We operate in a startup type environment, we move fast and are always looking to innovate. We solve real business problems that effect the bottom line so your efforts will have a tangible impact on progressing our business. We don't like out models to sit on the shelf, you'll produce the prototypes then put them into production to see your work in action.

You will report directly to our Director of Data Strategy, and work closely together to build the next generation of Data products.

Who Are We?

We are a 100-year-old reinsurance company that is part of one of the largest corporate conglomerates in the world. We are located in Midtown Manhattan, and we have over 60,000 employees with nearly 100 offices around the world. We are extremely profitable (over $1 billion in revenue last year) and very stable, and a great company for those interested in work-life balance and quality-of-life perks.

What Are We Looking For?
Masters Degree or PhD in Computer Science or STEM field.
Statistical / Math background preferred.
Production level experience with modern Machine Learning tools and techniques.
Production level NLP experience.
Knowledge of Deep Learning techniques.
Python is your preferred language.
You have engineering fundamentals and built products in the past.
Experience with CI/CD pipelines for automated testing.
Experience using Spark with Big Data is a big plus.
Compensation:
$150,000 - $170,000
Bonus
Robust Full Benefits Package
