Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking talented Data Engineers Mid Level & Senior Level for our Plano Facility

USAA is on a journey to snowflake and we our looking for some of the best and brightest data engineers that can guide us on the slopesso if you have dabbled on cloud migrations and are ready for the challenge please check out USAAs Data Engineering positions in Plano, TX.

Data Engineers deliver quality reporting and data intelligence solutions to the organization and assist client teams with drawing insights to make informed, data driven decisions. Data Engineers (DEs) are engaged in all phases of the data management lifecycle; gather and analyze requirements, collect, process, store and secure, use, share and communicate, archive, reuse and repurpose data. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.
Job Requirements


ABOUT USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

ABOUT USAA IT

Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day. We are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine.

See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:

USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview

Tasks:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities.
Design and implement technical solutions.
Identify and solve significant technical problems and architecture deficiencies.
Participate in daily standups and design reviews.
Breakdown business features and into technical stories and approaches.
Analyze data and enable machine learning.
Create proof of concepts and prototypes.
Help on-board entry level engineers.
Collaborate with the team and other engineers to plan and execute assignments and tasks.
May begin mentoring junior engineers.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in related field of study OR Certification from an approved technical field of study OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required.
4 years of data management experience implementing data solutions demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s)
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Experience:
4 or more years of ETL/ELT Development in tools like DataStage or Informatica
2 or more years of Java or Python programming experience.
1 or more years of experience building streaming data pipelines (Kafka, NiFi, Spark, Hadoop)
4+ years writing complex SQL including performance tuning on multiple platforms
Experience with predictive analytics implementations
Exposure to cloud-platforms and the journey from on-prem to cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure, Snowflake, ect)
Experience with Agile Development methodologies
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 4/5/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
