Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a Data Scientist (Senior)) in the role of the Maritime Safety Office.This position is to provide both digital and hardcopy maritime products, services, and data to support worldwide Safety of Navigation. Without accurate and up-to-date nautical products, military platforms are at increased risk when they conduct operations, transport personnel and deliver material. The U.S. Navy has made it clear to NGA that it will continue to require both digital and hard copy maritime products for the foreseeable future. Services procured under this contract will primarily support the production and maintenance of Maritime GEOINT at NCE facilities.

Responsibilities include:
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and triplestore/graph
databases
Experience createing and managing ETL processes using Ni-Fi or similar software using both
structured and unstructured data
AWS experience, particularly with EC2, S3, Cloudwatch, RDS
Experience with data visualization tools
Experience with or working knowledge of ElasticSearch or similar
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner
Conduct undirected research and frame open-ended industry / customer questions
Recommend cost-effective changes to existing procedures and strategies
Create / maintain tools to extract features from a variety of sources including raster to vector,
vector to vector, text to vector, and text to database.
Write / maintain Python Scripts in ARCGIS to improve efficiency of the production process.
Support Business Processing Re-Engineering
Perform Data Conversion/migration
Perform Business Analytics
Work with the Government on new production capabilities / services
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and RDF
(triplestore/graph) databases
Linux experience
Basic Qualifications:
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and triplestore/graph databases
Experience createing and managing ETL processes using Ni-Fi or similar software using both structured and
unstructured data
AWS experience, particularly with EC2, S3, Cloudwatch, RDS
Experience with data visualization tools
Experience with or working knowledge of ElasticSearch or similar
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner
Desired Skills:
Experience with combining digital cartography, computer technology, GIS, cartographic and geospatial
production techniques, remote sensing, photogrammetry, and digital data formats.
Ability to clean / prune data to discard irrelevant information
Ability to examine data from a variety of angles to determine hidden value, weaknesses, trends, and / or
opportunities
Advanced knowledge of ESRI ArcGIS and ArcServer.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
