Who we are

23andMe, the leading consumer genetics company, has accumulated a wealth of genotypic and phenotypic information from participants committed to improving human health through advances in genomics. Our Therapeutics team uses this data to discover and develop novel medicines to treat important diseases. The team currently has research programs across several therapeutic areas, including oncology, skin, respiratory and cardiovascular disease.

We are seeking an outstanding Associate Scientist or Senior Associate Scientist who will contribute to the generation, discovery and characterization of antibodies across our Therapeutics portfolio.

For more information about our Therapeutics team, please visit https://therapeutics.23andme.com/.

What you'll do
Handle aspects of a hybridoma workflow including performing fusions, clone picking and hybridoma antibody screening
Develop and establish novel methods to improve the current antibody discovery workflows
Antibody characterization including affinity and specificity determination, epitope binning and antibody sequencing
Collaborate with therapeutic leads to plan the strategy for antibody discovery
Interpret, record and present complex biological data
Communicate and collaborate with other colleagues effectively
What you'll bring
B.S. (+ 5 years' research experience in industry or academia, Master's (+ 3 years' research experience in industry or academia), or PhD in molecular biology, cell biology or related field
Strong technical expertise in molecular biology including DNA and RNA purification, diverse PCR methods (RT-PCR, RACE-PCR), Illumina Miseq library preparation, cloning
Adept in the characterization of protein-protein interaction using a variety of methods such as ELISA, FACS, Bio-Layer Interferometry (Octet) and/or surface plasmon resonance technology (Biacore)
Cell biology expertise including mammalian cell culture, transfection and running functional cell-based assays
Excellent communication skills with an ability to work both independently and in a team environment
Critical thinking with high degree of innovative and analytical skills
Pluses:
Experience using hybridoma technology for antibody discovery including immunization, hybridoma fusion, clone picking and screening
Experience in applying single B-cell antibody technologies to antibody discovery ( e.g. single cell FACS sorting, microfluidics)
Note: Job title will be commensurate with experience and academic credentials.

About Us
23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Founded in 2006, the mission of the company is to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by Glassdoor as one of the Best Places to Work in 2019, MIT Technology Review to its "50 Smartest Companies, 2017" list, and named one of Fast Company's "25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017". 23andMe has millions of customers worldwide, with more than 80 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe, Inc. is located in Sunnyvale, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com.

At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual's race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accomodations-ext@23andme.com. 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law.

Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.
