Job Title:
Engineer l/Engineer ll

Full Time/ Part Time:
Full-time

Job Description:

Engineer l

Primary Purpose

Prepares or assists in the preparation of engineering designs, specifications, standards, studies, cost estimates and the development of sound technical recommendations, in support of projects and tasks managed by others. Coordinates and directs development of work scope, budget, and schedule for projects and tasks. Applies a high level of technical expertise to solve operational problems identified by the Regions or other organizations. Coordinates input from, and participation with, various departments within the Company as needed to meet project objectives.

Duties and Responsibilities

Provide technical expertise to one or multiple project teams for the evaluation of, and resolution to, engineering problems and designs involving various engineering disciplines.

Evaluate job requests to determine purpose, scope and requirements including analysis of customer-owned generation equipment.

May include the assessment of alternative methods, assessment of outside support requirements, and review of Gas Standards or regulatory agency codes.

Gather data, perform calculations and prepare designs to develop technically sound findings, conclusions and recommendations.

Follow up on implementation of recommendations and/or acceptance of conclusions to assess accuracy and/or completeness.

Manage and coordinate all activities leading to the successful completion of tasks and large projects including, scoping of project, cost estimates, budgeting, design and startup.

Development or improvement of program processes.

Develop and provide input on Gas Standards that govern the selection, design, application and operation of engineered components which meet customer needs on a long term basis and with optimum economic considerations.

Stay abreast of the latest changes, trends and technological advancements in the industry.

Interpret state and federal codes, industry standards and specifications for customers and internal clients.

Participate in, and provide technical input to, review of proposed changes to codes and standards.

Recommend modifications to Gas Standards that reflect regulatory changes.

Provide direction to contractors, consultants, Company engineers, technical specialists and the remainder of the project team.

Performs other duties as assigned (no more than 5% of duties).

Engineer ll

Primary Purpose:

Prepares or assists in the preparation of engineering designs, specifications, standards, studies, cost estimates and the development of sound technical recommendations, in support of projects and tasks managed by others. Applies a high level of technical expertise to solve operational problems identified by the Regions or other staffs. Coordinates and directs small projects and tasks, including development of work scope, budget, and schedule. Coordinates input from, and participation with, various departments within the Company as needed to meet project objectives.

Responsibilities/Duties:
Provide technical expertise to one or multiple project teams for the evaluation of, and resolution to, engineering problems and designs involving various engineering disciplines.
Evaluate job requests to determine purpose, scope and requirements. May include the assessment of alternative methods, assessment of outside support requirements, and review of Gas Standards or regulatory codes.
Gather data, perform calculations and prepare designs to develop technically sound findings, conclusions and recommendations. Follow up on implementation of recommendations and/or acceptance of conclusions to assess accuracy and/or completeness.
Manage and coordinate all activities leading to the successful completion of tasks and small projects including, scoping of project, selection of consultants and/or contractors, cost estimates, budgeting, permitting, design, material procurement and start-up.
Develop and provide input on Gas Standards, specifications and procedures governing selection, design, application and operation of materials, components and systems which meet Company needs on a long term basis and with optimum economic considerations.
Stay abreast of the latest changes, trends and technological advancements in the industry.
Interpret state and federal codes, industry standards and Gas Standards for clients.
Participate in, and provide technical input to, review of proposed changes in regulatory requirements affecting codes and standards. Recommend modifications to Gas Standards that reflect regulatory changes.
Maintain familiarity with Company operations to effectively support client requests.
Provide direction to contractors, consultants, Company engineers, technical specialists and the remainder of the project team.
Qualifications:
Engineer l

Education

Bachelor's Degree Engineering. Required

Master's Degree Engineering or other technical discipline and business training. Preferred

Experience

4-5 Previous related engineering experience including experience at the Engineer II level. Required

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Requires knowledge of engineering practices and concepts, cost analysis, and Company policies.

Coordinates the activities of, and has overall responsibility for, multiple, concurrent projects and/or tasks, which require the ability to plan and manage work load so that assignments are completed on time and in proper priority.

Must possess the ability to review problems and propose innovative solutions, which involve technical, operational, and economic issues, and may link new concepts and technologies.

Ability to provide direction and guidance to fellow engineers.

Must be able to determine project requirements and the resources required and assign tasks to team members.

Utilize departmental control system and maintain budget and schedule to ensure successful completion of the project or task.

Utilize departmental control system and maintain budget and schedule to ensure successful completion of the project or task.

Requires ability to identify the potential financial implications, as well as the impact that the project or task has on existing Company programs and procedures.

Understanding of systematic/scientific approaches to problem solving, and the ability to apply them in daily operations.

Apply engineering/technical principles to analyze and resolve problems

Must possess the ability to effectively interact with various departments to maintain open lines of communication.

Must clearly and concisely communicate technical and non-technical information and concepts with various levels of management in both formal and informal settings.

Basic computer knowledge.

Knowledge of spreadsheets and database analysis tools.

Licenses and Certifications

Licensed as a professional engineer in the state of California or equivalent professional certification. Preferred

Working Environment

Office Environment Field/Other

Engineer ll

Qualifications:
B.S. in Engineering required. Engineer in Training (EIT) Certification desired.
At least 2 years previous full-time related engineering experience and possess their EIT or have at least three years related engineering experience.
Requires knowledge of engineering practices and concepts, cost analysis, and Company operating practices and policies.
Coordinates the activities of, and has overall responsibility for, multiple, concurrent projects and/or tasks, which require the ability to plan and manage work load so that assignments are completed on time and in proper priority.
Must possess the ability to review problems and propose innovative solutions, which involve technical, operational, and economic issues, and may link new concepts and technologies.
Utilize departmental control system and maintain budget and schedule to ensure successful completion of the project or task.
Requires ability to identify the potential financial implications, as well as the impact that the project or task has on existing Company facilities, operating philosophies and procedures.
Understanding of systematic/scientific approaches to problem solving, and the ability to apply them in daily operations.
Apply engineering/technical principles to analyze and resolve problems.
Must possess the ability to effectively interact with various departments to maintain open lines of communication.
Must clearly and concisely communicate technical and non-technical information and concepts with various levels of management in both formal and informal settings.
Basic computer knowledge. Knowledge of spreadsheets and database analysis tools.

Posting End Date:
Jul 15, 2020
