Marketing Data Analyst

We are a leading U.S. challenger bank built to meet the needs of people with unique lives who have been overlooked by the traditional banking industry. Our proprietary Current Core technology allows us to provide premium banking services for everyone, regardless of age or income, and improve the financial outcomes of our members without overdraft fees, minimum balance requirements, or hidden fees. We give members up to two days faster direct deposit paychecks, access to 55,000 free ATMs worldwide as well as 24/7 member support 365 days a year.

We're looking for a Marketing Data Analyst to provide insights using both marketing and product data to help efficiently drive growth. The ideal candidate will be responsible for the day-to-day data analytics of all marketing campaigns identifying new opportunities for growth. They will be responsible for building predictive models to ensure user acquisition campaigns are driving high quality users efficiently and re-engagement campaigns are being deployed effectively. This role is critical to ensuring that marketing efforts are effectively tied to company KPIs. The ideal candidate is a self-starter who is solutions-oriented, thrives under pressure, enjoys fast-paced work and is motivated by success.

Requirements:
4+ years of data analytics experience, including 2-4 years of hands-on experience analyzing data centered around customer acquisition, retention and growth.
Candidates will have experience with marketing operations, attribution, and predictive modeling using large data sets.
Ability to write and execute complex SQL queries using multiple joins and window functions, along with other scripting languages a plus (Python, R).
Problem-solving skills, with the ability to come to rigorous and defensible solutions to complex and open-ended problems
Ideal candidates will be familiar with pulling data from third party sources including Facebook, Google, Snapchat, and other ad networks combined with internal databases and third-party platforms such as Looker, Adjust, Appflyer, Branch, Amplitude, Mixpanel, Leanlplum, Braze etc.
Bonus:
Experience building multi-touch attribution models and/or Media Mix Modeling, including influencer, podcasts, TV, and OOH campaigns.
