Title: Research Scientist - Machine Learning

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Artificial Intelligence Center

Location: New York, NY

Lab Summary:

Samsung is building a new, forward-looking AI Research lab located in New York, NY, that will conduct fundamental research at the intersection of AI, robotics, and neuroscience. Our team is composed of world experts who collaborate with leading academic groups to create both innovative theories and state-of-the-art technological demonstrations that engender pioneering products and applications for Samsung Electronics over both long and short time scales. We are currently seeking individuals who share our passion and motivation to advance fundamental science and create revolutionary technological prototypes. Team members will have the intellectual freedom to cultivate their research roots by partnering with universities and publishing in leading scientific conferences and journals.

Position Summary:

Research Scientists in Machine Learning tackle unsolved problems in neural network architectures, learning algorithms, reinforcement learning, computer vision, natural language, and multimodal sensory processing. They work closely with other Research Scientists and Engineers in collaborative, interdisciplinary teams to discover, invent, and build things that have meaningful real-world impact. The Samsung AI Center in New York will lead in turning fundamental scientific discoveries into revolutionary products that reach hundreds of millions of users across the world.

Experience Requirements:
PhD in Computer Science or related disciplines is required.
Expertise in designing and validating machine learning algorithms.
Programming experience in one or more of the following: C, C++, Python, and/or functional programming languages.
Strong record of publishing papers at top quality conferences and journals.
Superior communication skills, both verbally and in writing.
Ability to excel in international and collaborative teams.
Motivation to initiate and accomplish ambitious research agenda.
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.
