Data Scientist

Saggezza is a proven technology and consulting partner that delivers personalized, high-value solutions to accelerate business growth. We consult, create experiences, analyze, modernize and digitize to help our clients adapt and transform the way they do business. Saggezza consultants work as part of a global team, and throughout their tenure, have the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects across various clients and industries. We are chartered to do one thing, and one thing only – to bring enabling technology to our clients that allows them to move their business forward.

The Role

The Data scientist role requires skills combining the expertise in advanced analytics, marketing, sales and strategy, empowered with big data and technology, to develop practical insights and actionable recommendations.

What You Will Definitely Need
BA degree in a closely related field with data analysis orientation. Analytical background with a creative approach to problem solving
4+ years’ experience with Python worked in building analytical solutions using Statistical, Machine Learning, Deep Learning etc. Proficiency with 3rd-party data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Good working experience in Data Analysis, Data Wrangling, Data Cleaning and Data Transformation.
Excellent working experience of machine learning on technology stacks such as Python, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, Apache Spark and R using libraries such as e1071 and Caret
Excellent fluency in data manipulation tasks using frameworks. such as pandas, plyr, Spark
Good understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Random Forest etc.
Knowledge of some common data science toolkits, such as Weka, NumPy, MATLAB, etc.
Broad business perspective with the ability to articulate meaningful ROI and financial impacts.
Worked on projects in the Retail, Banking & Finance and Insurance Industries.
Working from Chicago office and requires visits to customer location if needed.
What We Would Love to See
Consultative application of analytic solutions to solve business issues
Able to engage in a consultative manner across multiple levels (c-suite to end user) with a strong executive presence, demonstrating strong
Demonstrated leadership, communication and interpersonal skills: the ability to manage and mentor functional experts and lead cross- functional teams
Don’t tick all the boxes? Don’t worry about it: we still want to hear from you if you think you’re the right person for the job.

What Makes Saggezza Unique?

Strong Relationships: We take the time to know our clients well, from the way they do business to their culture and their unique pain points. This level of engagement enables us to develop highly effective solutions.

Clients First: We work to understand our clients then develop a unique point of view to address their pain points. We do whatever it takes to provide the right solutions to address their specific situation.

A Trusted Partner: We collaborate as a true strategic partner and work side-by-side to develop the best solutions to bring our clients’ businesses into the future.

Passionate Mindset: We have an unending passion for technology and teamwork. We develop highly effective solutions to help our clients tackle the complex digital landscape.

Creating Value: The right investment in digital change is critical for our clients. That’s why we develop personalized, highly effective solutions that deliver value for their businesses.

Delivery Excellence: Our proven processes provide high-quality solutions that are delivered on time.

Why Join Our Team
Our culture is diverse with endless opportunities to work for global corporations in their own backyard.
Our nurturing and supportive environment fosters collaboration across the entire organization.
We are not hierarchical but operate as a flat surface where every opinion matters, ideas are cultivated and innovation is encouraged.
At Saggezza, we are fortunate to have a strong mentorship program that provides each and every one of our consultants the ability to thrive professionally and personally.
We are only as good as our people. Saggezza, Italian for wisdom, is rooted from the perspective that knowledge is power. We create thought-leaders who are constantly exposed and trained in different technologies in the ever-evolving world of software development.
We welcome all types of innovators with an entrepreneurial spirit to grow with our team.
*Saggezza is unable to provide visa sponsorship at this time. Please ensure all applicants have full authorization to work in the United States.

Saggezza is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer: We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.
