Why TrueAccord?

Debt collection is failing consumers. Every year, more than 70 million Americans have negative experiences with the collections process, and they deserve a much better treatment - more relevant, more digital, less abrasive. That’s why banks, lenders, and industry leaders are coming to TrueAccord for innovative solutions in recovering outstanding receivables.

TrueAccord is a category-defining company. We combine machine learning with a human-based approach to guide both lenders and borrowers through a challenging financial process. With a world-class leadership team, passionate and driven team members, and a diverse and growing client base, TrueAccord is well positioned for continued success.

Your Role:

TrueAccord is looking for a Data Scientist to join its growing Data Science team. You will join a team dedicated to creating a data driven culture and to bringing rigor to the way we make decisions.

As a Data Scientist on this team you will build out statistical, machine learning models that optimize and elevate the collections process for our consumers, as well as lead automation initiatives in the company. You will work closely with engineers and product partners to identify machine learning-based approaches destined to have the highest impact on external and internal customer experience.

We’re looking for someone with an excellent grasp on core machine learning techniques and a product focused mindset. You should be passionate about using data to create positive, customer experiences, a strong self-starter, and determined to have a huge impact at TrueAccord.
Key Responsibilities:
Apply machine learning techniques to improve customer experience, reduce operating costs, and improve our business position
Design and implement machine learning models, and deploy them while collaborating with engineering team members
Drive data driven development across the company by educating and coaching other teams in Data Science best practices and experimentation methodology
Document development lifecycle and design model development infrastructure
You have:
1-3+ years relevant experience | Advanced degree | Completed graduate level coursework in statistics-related fields, experimental design, or quantitative social sciences
Demonstrated skill in developing machine learning solutions to business problems in a cross functional team and implementing from conception to business impact
Proven understanding of modern machine learning techniques, such as classification, regression, recommendation systems, optimization, and deep learning.
Solid Python programming skills
You might also have:
Experience building model development pipelines, productionizing models or are familiar with machine learning technologies (e.g. Tensorflow)
Working knowledge of Big Data technologies: AWS, Spark etc.
Strong cross-functional communication skills with technical and non-technical partners
Solid understanding of experiment design
Experience with natural language processing techniques
FinTech background
Appreciate the option of working in San Francisco, where most of TrueAccord’s engineering is based
What TrueAccord offers you + Culture & Benefits

TrueAccord is distributed company with a major presence in the San Francisco Bay area and Lenexa, KS. We offer a healthy work environment that continuously builds an inclusive and diverse culture where everyone is able to develop the best version of themselves. We are a dynamic group of people who are subject matter experts with a passion for change.

We offer:
*** Generous paid time off
*** Paid training
*** We promote work/life harmony
*** Paid holidays
*** Health, dental and vision benefits
*** 401K with matching

Our teams are crafting solutions to big problems every day. If you’re looking for an opportunity to do impactful work, join TrueAccord and make a difference.

Our Dedication to Diversity & Inclusion

TrueAccord is an equal opportunity employer. We promote, value, and thrive with a diverse & inclusive team. Different perspectives contribute to better solutions and this makes us stronger every day. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
