Ke`aki Technologies is looking for a qualified Data Scientist to support our contract with Brook Army Medical Center at Fort Sam Houston, TX

Description of Responsibilities:

Conducting a variety of bioinformatics work to include: data processing, analyzing and interpreting high-throughput biological and medical data with emphasis on next-generation sequencing (NGS) data, genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, statistical data analysis, clinical data integration, statistical modeling, machine learning, metagenomics, ecology, phylogenetics, population genetics, evolutionary biology, data mining, advanced analysis method development, data structure and algorithm development, database development and maintenance.
Usage of knowledge from computer science to manipulate and process complex research and medical data in support of biomedical research protocols.
Usage of data management to capture information pertaining to biological and cellular activities based on molecular biology or related research.
Consult and collaborate with basic science and clinical research groups within BAMC, the Institute of Surgical Research (ISR), universities and private sector research facilities to facilitate the gathering and sharing of relevant intellectual knowledge, expertise, and data.
Expert knowledge of and skill in applying statistical formulas to recommend data quality program changes or using the statistics for interpreting and making changes to existing health policies.
Provide consulting support for study design and statistical analysis; with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development
Provide Protocol review and editing, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development
.• Produce systematic documentation to ensure reproducibility of process and data analyses.
Produce professional documentation in support of data analysis and provide
Provide Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) writing, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development.
Provide Dataset Management Consultation, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development. • Provide Data Validity Reporting, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal • Provide Table Generation not limited to the following Table types: Demographics, Efficacy, Safety, Disposition and Experimental Results
Provide Hypothesis Testing, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development.
Provide Result Reporting and Graphic Generation, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development.
Provide Post Hoc Analysis and Post Hoc Analysis Reporting, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development.
Provide Poster Creation and Manuscript Reviews, with limited or extensive consultations and proposal development.
REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
The work of the Data Scientist involves applying information technology to biological, medical, and health research. Computational and statistical tools are used to gather and analyze data in fields such as medical, population, biology, genetics, and pharmaceutical development. The work at BAMC involves consulting and applying a full range of technical statistical and bioinformatics services in fields that may include medical, microbiology, virology, toxicology, organic and analytical chemistry, data science and managerial statistics.
Specialized knowledge of advanced mathematics, statistics and statistical theory, concepts, and principles, physiology, genetics, chemistry, biology, microbiology, computational biology and genomics to provide consultative and/or advisory services.
Must have expert level skills in one or more of the following: Python, R, SQL, SAS, and Mathematica. • Demonstrated ability to provide accurate and timely analytical products containing well - reasoned and cogent discussion points providing leadership with substantiated options or courses of action
. • Experience and skills with advanced data and database management, e.g. capability of collecting, organizing and analyzing large amounts of data, computer science skills, and software programming

. • Must have experience in data mining. • Ability to use and develop software tools to generate useful genomic information and analyze genomic sequencing data.
Must have strong analytical and quantitative skills, strong oral and written communication skills, and accustomed to working both independently and collaboratively.
Provides expert consultations on statistical design and data collection, and conducts a variety of bioinformatics work to include: data processing, analyzing and interpreting high - throughput biological and medical data with emphasis on next - generation sequencing (NGS) data, genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, statistical data analysis, clinical data integration, statistical modeling, machine learning, metagenomics, ecology, phylogenetics, population genetics, evolutionary biology, data mining, advanced analysis method development, data structure and algorithm development, database development and maintenance, software and IT solutions.
DEGREE/EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT:

A Ph.D. degree is required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Biostatistics, Statistics, Informatics or related areas.

Ke`aki Technologies LLC is a fast-growing government service provider. Employees enjoy competitive salaries; a 401K plan with company match; medical, dental, disability, and life insurance coverage; tuition reimbursement; paid time off; and 10 paid holidays. Laulima Government Solutions, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of individuals with disabilities and veterans. We are proud to state that we do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. If you are a person with a disability and you need an accommodation during the application process, please click here to request accommodation. We E-Verify all employees.

The Alaka`ina Foundation Family of Companies (FOCs) is comprised of industry-recognized government service firms designated as Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO)-owned and 8(a) certified businesses. The Family of Companies (FOCs) includes Ke`aki Technologies, Laulima Government Solutions, Kupono Government Services, and Kapili Services, Po`okela Solutions, Kikaha Solutions, LLC, and Pololei Solutions, LLC. Alaka`ina Foundation activities under the 501(c)3 principally benefit the youth of Hawaii through charitable efforts which includes providing innovative educational programs that combine leadership, science & technology, and environmental stewardship.

For additional information, please visit www.alakainafoundation.com

#Monster
