Job Description


WORK SCHEDULE:

Monday-Friday: 8:00am - 5:00pm

JOB SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist will deliver critical advanced analytics to support PathGroup's Data Science practice and its adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions. As the Data Scientist, you will help to solve real-world business problems as a central member of the Data Science team by designing and building experimental frameworks and production-ready models using Machine Learning (ML), Deep Learning (DL), Natural Language Processing (NLP) and other robust advanced statistical learning techniques.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Be responsible for design and beginning-to-end execution of PathGroup Data Science projects including interpreting business need, munging/wrangling data, developing and validating predictive models, and deploying completed solutions.
Use advanced statistics, data mining, machine learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for PathGroup project stakeholders.
Work with internal teams and customers to understand challenges and create solutions, inform the business’ strategic direction and identify opportunities.
Produce a range of data-driven visualizations (dashboards, reports, presentations) and provide insights relative to created data science products.
Team with product managers and product owners to understand requirements and develop processes/tools to monitor and analyze data accuracy and business performance.
Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis
Work with data analysts and database administrators to analyze, extract, normalize and label relevant data.
Work with software developers and architects to help operationalize models into production.
In conjunction with data owners and department managers, develop data models and protocols for solutions that provide advanced, meaningful, and actionable business insights.
Support the transfer of knowledge to team members as appropriate.
Perform all job responsibilities in alignment with the industry’s best security practices and regulatory guidelines to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of protected health information and other sensitive company data.
Become be familiar with and abide by the Corporate Compliance Program and all corporate policies, including the Privacy and Security policies.

Job Requirements


EDUCATION & LICENSURE:
Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field including Applied Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Operations Research or Economics; Master’s degree, preferred
QUALIFICATIONS:
Two to five years of job related experience preferred
Technical expertise with proven predictive modeling and machine learning skills
Knowledge of advanced statistical learning techniques and experience with applications
Experience working with complex data using advanced analytics techniques and software technologies to deliver and interpret valuable insights
Combination of deep technical skills along with business knowledge enough to interface with all domains and levels of the PathGroup organization
Experience using Python, R and Databricks
Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib
Experience with cloud technologies including AWS and Azure
Strong SQL coding skills and the ability to manipulate data and draw insights from large datasets
Experience working effectively in a team-based environment
Solid analytical approach to problem solving
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven track record of delivery and execution

Apply
Not ready to Apply?
