Rubius Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a new class of medicines called Red Cell Therapeutics™. Our proprietary RED PLATFORM® was designed to genetically engineer and culture Red Cell Therapeutics™ that are selective, potent and off-the-shelf allogeneic cellular therapies for the potential treatment of several diseases across multiple therapeutic areas. Our therapies can potentially be used to kill tumors in cancer and to regulate the immune system for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. Our IND for RTX-240, our first oncology candidate for the treatment of solid tumors, has been cleared by the FDA. Additionally, we plan to file an IND for RTX-321 for the treatment of HPV-positive tumors by year-end.
We are proud of our passionate, high-performance culture – one based on a set of values that are the cornerstone of who we are and how we hold ourselves accountable. Founded in 2013, we are based in Cambridge, MA and currently expanding across all functions within the organization. Red blood cells are no longer just for carrying oxygen. Check us out at www.rubiustx.com, or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn or like us on Facebook.

Summary
We are looking for a Principal/Senior Scientist to lead our Protein Science group to help drive key pipeline programs. The candidate must be independent, goal oriented, technically competent and able to efficiently work across multiple projects. The candidate will be responsible for leading the design, expression, purification, and characterization of proteins used in the creation of prototypes. The candidate will mentor and manage the Protein Science team, in addition to working closely with biologists, immunologists, and other Discovery team members to evaluate prototypes. We are searching for enthusiastic, innovative, and highly motivated individuals, with deep scientific background in protein expression, purification and analytical techniques, who are comfortable working in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment.
Responsibilities
Lead members of the Protein Science team and build strategy for project organization & priorities
Work closely with a scientists in the Discovery teams to design, express, purify, and characterize diverse proteins used in the creation of new prototypes
Drives development of efficient and robust processes for the scale up of protein expression and purification methods
Guides team in design and execution of innovative protein conjugation approaches, as well as bioanalytical and purification methods.
Build strategy of group organization to enhance productivity and expertise through collaboration and idea exchange.
Manage external vendors who produce recombinant proteins to be used in the development of new prototypes.
Keeps current with emerging technologies with an emphasis towards the implementation of new processes enabling drug discovery.
Build organization & execute maintenance of infrastructure/equipment.
Ensure team meets quality, quantity and timelines in all assigned projects including data analysis and proper electronic notebook record keeping.
Guide team in communication of experimental plans and data to multiple cross-functional scientific teams
Support the continued protection, creation, and expansion of company’s intellectual property.
Will be part of cross-functional teams including biologists, immunologists, and pharmacologists to contribute to the strategic direction of research programs across multiple therapeutic modalities.
Assist in maintaining a strong, entrepreneurial and creative culture with a clear sense of urgency and focus on providing transformational therapies to patients.
Qualifications & Education
PhD degree with 5+ years of experience or BS/MS degree with 12+ years of experience in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industry with a background in biology, biochemistry, biophysics, chemistry, chemical engineering, bioengineering or related discipline.
Experience in leading and managing direct reports
Experience in recombinant protein design, expression, analytical and purification conditions yielding proteins suitable for in vitro and in vivo evaluation
Experience and understanding of multiple expression systems ranging from bacterial to mammalian.
Candidate must be comfortable with routine use of FPLC (affinity purification, size exclusion chromatography, hydrophobic interaction chromatography, ion exchange chromatography, etc.), HPLC, LC-MS/MS, SPR, SDS-PAGE and UV-VIS spectroscopy.
Candidate must possess a strong background in the theory and practice of bioorganic and protein chemistry, possess excellent problem-solving skills and demonstrate a thorough understanding of protein chemistry, protein handling, purification and characterization.
Familiar with novel site-specific conjugation technologies as well as advanced analytical and purification methods
Understanding of activity assays to evaluate quality and functionality of a diverse set of proteins
Passionate about working at the bench to independently contribute to research directions and solve challenging issues
Detail oriented, self-motivated, and comfortable working with highly technical projects and personnel
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and deliver conclusive results
Highly adaptable and responsive to delivering for challenging commitments
Effective written and oral communication skills
Team oriented with strong work ethic
EEO Statement: Rubius Therapeutics is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
Recruitment & staffing agencies: Rubius Therapeutics does not accept agency resumes unless contacted directly by internal Rubius Talent Acquisition. Please do not forward resumes to our careers@rubiustx.com account, Rubius employees or any other company location; Rubius Therapeutics is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
