Job Description
Point72 Asset Management is looking for a Quantitative Researcher or Senior Quantitative Researcher to contribute to its core business and to develop new areas of expertise. The candidate should possess outstanding empirical research skills, expert-level knowledge of statistical techniques, and competence in programming. The candidate is responsible for conducting quantitative finance research with a focus on alpha extraction from high volume and/or non-structured datasets. Handle all aspects of the research process including methodology selection, data collection and analysis, testing, prototyping, implementation, backtesting, and performance monitoring.
Job Responsibilities
Be a member of the research team and help drive and deliver on the team’s growing research agenda.
Alpha idea generation, backtesting and implementation
Improvement of existing strategies and portfolio optimization
Evaluating new datasets for alpha potential
Participation in maintenance and improvement of production and trading environment
Desirable Candidates
MS, PhD or PhD candidates in mathematics, statistics, quantitative finance, physics, computer science, or other quantitative discipline.
Academic and/or professional experiences in advanced machine learning and data mining strongly preferred.
For Senior Quantitative Researcher only: Minimum of 3 years of work experience as a quantitative researcher in a mid-frequency or high-frequency team (holding period below 1 month) trading equities, with hands on experience developing, researching or implementing quantitative equities models. Senior Quant Researcher candidate must have 5 years or more of experience. Fresh graduates will be considered for the junior quant researcher position; prior internship experience in this industry strongly preferred.
Demonstrated ability to conduct independent research utilizing large data sets, including, but not limited to, intraday tick data.
Hands on experiences applying advanced machine learning methods to quantitative equities research highly preferred.
Experience with natural language processing techniques a plus.
Possesses good intuition for conducting empirical financial research and strong analytical, econometrics and quantitative skills.
Experience in intraday alpha signal research a strong plus.
Experience with large-scale portfolio optimization and multi-period optimization a strong plus.
Must have strong programming skills in multiple languages such as Python, SQL, Matlab, Java,, C++, and R.
Detail-oriented
Highly motivated, willing to take ownership of his/her work.
Thrive working both independently and collaboratively within a small team.
Effective communicator of research ideas and willing to proactively engage other team members in fostering a strong collaborative team-oriented research environment.
