Work from Home (East Coast) or NYC

About us

Nasdaq (Nasdaq:NDAQ) is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 100 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to approximately 4,000 total listings with a market value of approximately $15 trillion. To learn more, visit: http://www.nasdaq.com

The Team

The financial risk management team utilizes automated processes to manage workflow, risk monitoring, risk evaluation, and risk alerting functions. You will be part of a small, multi-disciplinary team which is united by our goal to utilize the latest technology tools to help us assess financial risks across Nasdaq. We focus on clearing and trading operations, investments, and trade receivables counterparty risk.

Business Unit

The Risk Management group at Nasdaq is tasked with surveillance and risk controls across the company.

Your role and responsibilities

You will be managing the data management platform for counterparty risk, which consists of an automated system of data flows with external and internal data source transformations which occur on a daily basis, and form the backbone of the team. You will work with risk managers, quantitative analysts, data scientists, Finance, and full suite of IT support teams to maintain and develop new features and functionality to our risk management technologies.

You will need the following skills and experience
Data integration software experience such as Informatica, Talend, or Adeptia
Extensive database experience, especially MS SQL
Project management
Good communication skills and time management
And it would be great if you have experience with
Big data platforms such as Apache Spark
Unstructured and specialty databases such as MongoDB & InfluxDB.
AWS resources for data management such as Redshift & Glue.
Business intelligence software such as Tableau, Power BI, or Grafana.
Sounds like you? Please follow through by clicking the “Apply” link and submitting your application. If your skills and experience are a match, we will be in touch soon, and in the meantime please visit our website and social media channels to learn more about our innovative business, inclusive culture and where a career at Nasdaq can take you.

Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law.
