Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Consumer Banking is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers, in addition to operating one of the most extensive banking franchises in the country. We serve mass market, affluent, and small business customers; as well as provide home and personal lending. Our focus is on delivering an exceptional experience for our customers through financial advice and guidance coupled with providing the products and services that will help them realize their financial hopes and dreams. Weve built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed.

This Analytic Consultant 4 position resides within the Consumer Bank Strategy and Transformation group and specifically reports directly to the Branch Banking Reporting Leader. This specific position will be responsible for delivering Branch Banking ad-hoc and production reports. This position will server as an integral part of Branch Banking Reporting Team that is responsible for delivering reports that are distributed out to 70,000 team members, supporting all levels of Branch Banking from executive leadership to branch team members and support partners. This team also identifies opportunities to create automation and efficiencies within the data processing across the organization. The candidate will be responsible for reports covering various topics such as: customer experience, activity, growth, and performance which aligns and help drive business outcome. We are seeking creative candidates with the ability to craft and maintain reports, dashboards, and tools using an innovative and unique approach.

The Branch Banking Strategy & Performance Reporting / Analytic Consultant 4's overall responsibility and accountability includes the following:
Lead the design and implementation of reports and dashboards across various topics and define required supporting data architecture.
Support simple to complex ad-hoc reporting requests
Manipulate and process large datasets using analytical and reporting features of multiple tools.
Define requirements for and test data sources for reporting.
Participate in cross-functional project teams and provide guidance and training to teams in asking appropriate questions, interpreting data, and translating into action.
Location: Charlotte and Minneapolis are highly preferred. Will consider other locations that are listed in the job posting.

Please note: This is an office-based position, not a remote / telecommute position.

Required Qualifications
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
4+ years of SQL experience
4+ years of SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) experience
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Tableau experience
SAS experience
Agile experience
Experience in gathering, analyzing and interpreting large datasets
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to take initiative and work independently with minimal supervision in a structured environment
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment
Other Desired Qualifications
Experience with SQL Server Data Tools; SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Experience creating dashboards, analytics, and reports using advanced visualization tools
In depth knowledge of Wells Fargo database environments (CBDW, C2T/MDSS, BMG, EIW, and Hemisphere)
Strong presentation skills written and verbal, and the ability to adapt to multiple audiences
Strong critical thinking skills combined with strategic business focus and a passion for the customer experience and the team member experience
Ability to take apart existing processes to find the issue and build a new process to resolve it
Ability to create and execute on logical process flows
Highly organized and detail-oriented, with the ability to manage processes, handle multiple tasks simultaneously and prioritize effectively.
Proven success building and maintaining strong credible relationships with key stakeholder
Ability to partner closely with technology to drive the appropriate data solutions
Job Expectations
Ability to travel up to 5% of the time
Street Address

NC-Charlotte: 301 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC
MN-Minneapolis: 600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN
IA-Des Moines: 800 Walnut St - Des Moines, IA
MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO
TX-SA-North Central: 40 Ne Loop 410 - San Antonio, TX
AZ-PHX-Central Phoenix: 100 W Washington St - Phoenix, AZ
CO-Denver: 1740 Broadway - Denver, CO
TX-DAL-North Dallas: 14241 Dallas Parkway - Dallas, TX
NC-Raleigh: 1100 Corporate Center Dr - Raleigh, NC
OR-Portland: 1300 Sw 5th Ave - Portland, OR
GA-Atlanta: 171 17th St Nw - Atlanta, GA
UT-Salt Lake City: 260 Charles Lindbergh Dr - Salt Lake City, UT

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
