THE COMPANY

Fannie Mae provides reliable, large-scale access to affordable mortgage credit in communities across our nation. We are the leading source of funding for housing in America, which means more people can buy or rent a home. We are focused on sustaining the housing recovery, improving our company, and leading change to make housing better.

Join our diverse, high-performing team and make a difference as we work together to enable access to a good home.

JOB INFORMATION

Apply advanced financial or economic analytical methods and models to such processes as valuation of assets, projection of pricing or risk under varying economic scenarios. Use these tools to develop and quantify risk management strategies for mortgage-based assets or their derivatives. Assess prospective economic and regulatory capital requirements for portfolio assets under varying economic conditions. Develop, or provide guidance to the development of computer applications that perform or produce various pricing, capital requirements, risk management or hedging analyses.

KEY JOB FUNCTIONS
Examine data from segment of housing market in order to perform economic analysis of purchase rates, effects of interest rates, prepayment risk, default risk, or other trends that could affect the products or services of assigned business unit(s).
Examine particular products of assigned business unit and analyze using standard and some sophisticated econometric or quantitative models to assess risk, predict future trends, and determine the efficacy of current analytical standards or models.
Prepare or monitor periodic reports used to ensure accurate model fee reporting, compliance with the Credit Pricing Delegation and pricing model usage policies, and appropriate mapping of data for pricing purposes.
Facilitate model updates by writing technical requirements for new or revised pricing methodologies, assessing impact of changes, and reviewing results. Validate user-defined configuration files used to model unique credit enhancement structures.
Perform economic capital analysis, and other financial analysis when necessary, for review by business unit management, corporate risk management, or senior management in order to support strategic, regulatory, or risk management decisions.
Lead team responsible for development of models to predict changing rent or property values that serve as inputs into credit pricing, economic capital, and loss forecasting models.
Analyze empirical price, rental, fee and other financial data that are the basis for proprietary applications used by partners or counterparties in assessing risk, rating credit, or other functions.
EDUCATION

Education Level Required (if any)
Bachelor Degree or Equivalent
Education Level Preferred(if any)
Master, PhD or Other Advanced Degree
Area of Study Preferred(if any)
Economics
MINIMUM EXPERIENCE
6-8 years of related experience
SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS
Strong experience and understanding of modeling applications. Aware of model limitations, able to analyze and assess model assumptions, and able to apply complex models to a range of business applications.
Strong analytics skills, able to assess business need, define an analytic solution, and execute using analytics that range from excel tables - to small-scale statistical or machine learning analysis.
Experience working with large data sets
Programming experience with data gathering and analytics packages such as: SQL, Tableau, SAS, R or Python
Strong communication skills, both written and oral.
Experience with technical writing preferred and track-record for strong presentations skills a plus
Experience with consumer lending risk analytics and models a plus
EMPLOYMENT

As a condition of employment with Fannie Mae, any successful job applicant will be required to successfully complete a background investigation.

Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
