Learn and work on meaningful initiatives with some of the best and brightest in the market research industry. The NPD Group provides the world’s most successful brands with leading market research, combining consumer and retail point-of-sale data with analytic solutions to interpret today’s market trends while anticipating tomorrow’s. In addition, we offer a career filled with innovation and growth to the forward-thinking problem solvers who join our team. Position Overview NPD’s Innovation team develops new concepts in market research to help chart the future of NPD. As a data scientist with this groundbreaking team, you will identify, investigate and prototype diverse sets of data, creating and applying strategies for normalization, projection, and calibration. The role requires strong analytical and data processing aptitude, and an ability to quickly integrate new ideas into functional prototypes poised to scale. The successful candidate will be a highly motivated team player with wide-ranging curiosity and creativity, along with common sense and a demonstrated ability to produce high-quality outcomes from methodologies to models to processes. Key Responsibilities Partner with global stakeholders across business verticals to develop research data product specifications. Create and apply methodologies and strategies, driving data products through the product lifecycle from conception to prototype. Leverage big-data technology to design, prototype, develop and optimize data processing procedures and algorithms. Analyze alternative data sources and develop recommendations on which data sources are promising to solve specific business needs. Qualifications: A blend of education and professional experience demonstrating both business and data savvy is required for this role. 5+ years' experience in data-intensive role(s) that embedded or partnered with a business unit to drive tangible results. Demonstrated success in solving business problems using a diverse skill set in data management, processing, and modeling. Strong programming skills in R and SQL. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to tailor messaging based on the audience. An understanding and acceptance that preparatory data cleansing and processing is core to successful modeling. This role will be governed by this principle. Exposure to or experience modeling “alternative” data such as geolocation, financial transaction, passive metering, or clickstream to solve business problems is a plus. The NPD Group, Inc. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
