Groupons mission is to become the daily habit in local commerce and fulfill our purpose of building strong communities through thriving small businesses. We connect people to a vibrant, global marketplace for local services and experiences. In the process, were positively impacting the lives of millions of customers and merchants globally. Even with thousands of employees spread across multiple continents, we still maintain a culture that inspires innovation, rewards risk-taking and celebrates success. If you want to take more ownership of your career, then you're ready to be part of Groupon.

Groupon, Inc. is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team in Seattle, WA.

We're a "best of both worlds" kind of company. We're big enough to have resources and scale, but small enough that a single person has a surprising amount of autonomy and can make a meaningful impact. We're curious, fun, a little intense, and kind of obsessed with helping local businesses thrive. Does that sound like a compelling place to work?

How you'll spend your day:
You will design and build scalable computing systems for collecting, integrating, and processing large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources and feed the results of the computations to other downstream systems within established service level agreement timeframes;
Work closely with peers from the product, engineering, and data science teams to form good hypotheses on how to improve the business;
Design, execute and measure experiments to test these hypotheses;
Productionalize solutions that show lift;
Build cutting edge systems to analyze, clean, and derive insights from data;
Work with product management and engineering and operations teams to develop KPIs for new features and instrumentation to quantify the adoption of new product initiatives;
Create product scorecards for teams and managers to track product performance, business impact and discover opportunities;
Design both the business logic and the technical specifications to extract key data elements from a data warehouse;
Research and develop machine learning models for data analysis;
Utilize distributed system tools to manage and manipulate data from data warehouses;
Apply programming languages to develop and deploy models and software applications into production;
Quantify the value of existing product improvements or the potential value of new product hypotheses;
Up to 5% travel required.
Were excited about you if you have the following requirements:
Bachelors degree in Analytics, Engineering or related field plus 1 year related experience.
Any level of experience with researching and developing machine learning models for data analysis.
Any level of experience with utilizing distributed system tools to manage and manipulate data from data warehouses.
Any level of experience with applying programming languages to develop and deploy models and software applications into production.
Any level of experience with quantifying the value of existing product improvements or the potential value of new product hypotheses.


Groupon's purpose is to build strong communities through thriving small businesses.

To learn more about the world's largest local ecommerce marketplace,
click here for the latest Groupon news.
Plus, be sure to

check out the values

that shape our culture, guide our strategy and make our company a great place to work. And just don't take our word for it.

Hear from real Groupon team members

and learn more about our inclusive employee groups. If all of this sounds like something that's a great fit for you, then click apply and let's see where this takes us.

Groupon is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Qualifications for employment, promotion, and other terms and
conditions of employment are based upon the ability to perform the job.
Equal-employment opportunities are provided to all applicants and
employees without regard to race, creed, religion, color, age, national
origin, sex, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender
identity or expression, genetic information, ancestry, marital status,
military discharge status (excluding dishonorable discharge), veteran
status, citizenship status, or other legally protected status. We are
all responsible for maintaining this policy. Groupon is committed to
providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with
disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If
you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may
email us at hraccommodations at groupon.com. If you have concerns
related to Groupon’s equal employment opportunities, you may contact
Groupon's Ethics Reporting Service Ethicspoint.
