Decode_M

https://www.decode-m.com/

Data Science Manager : Job Description

We’re hiring a Data Science Manager in our New York office to lead Decode_M’s Data Science team in developing new solutions for our clients and advancing the science of momentum through our proprietary product.

This position, based in New York City, requires an interest in managing Decode_M’s data science team, workflow and offerings. It demands excellent organizational skills, a natural curiosity, an eagerness to dive into the deep end, and a hunger to learn and grow while having a blast. Expect to learn a lot about cool companies, new products, and the latest in analytics, research and strategy.

About You
You have an advanced degree in data science, mathematics, or another highly quantitative field, and are comfortable understanding and utilizing recent academic research in your work.
You have 3+ years of relevant work experience using applied statistics and/or machine learning. Bonus points if you’ve worked in a consulting, or other client-facing role before
You have 1+ years of management experience.
You are fluent in Python and R, as well as a robust numerical computing and data science stack in each language. Not only do you produce readable and well-documented code, but elevate your team’s work through thoughtful code review and mentorship
You are highly consultative, engaged, and detail-oriented. You see beyond the question you are asked to understand client objectives, and chart a course for long-term success in our relationships
You are an autodidact, who loves to figure out new solutions to problems by diving deep into StackOverflow, Arxiv.org, or your preferred destination.
You are curious, inquisitive, proactive, organized, and methodical. You like to use substantiated data to both identify and solve problems, rather than trust your gut alone


What You'll Do

Lead a team. Help to set the vision for the Data Science team and follow through on that vision. Be a mentor to a small, close-knit team of data scientists, helping them to develop professionally

Drive New Product Development: Decode_M has developed a proprietary algorithm to quantify the cultural momentum of brands, entities, people and movements. You will steward the development of the algorithm and be part of the product team to bring it to market with new customers

Manage Process. Work across teams and with Decode_M’s leadership to ensure that our work is top notch, deadlines are met, and projects are resourced appropriately. Foster an environment where the team is empowered to do its best work

Build Tools. Use data from social media, online reviews, mainstream media sites, search, web traffic, quantitative research, CRMs or other databases, etc. to uncover intelligence around growth opportunities and business challenges. Build software and/or repeatable processes to scale this work

Grow our Capabilities. Advance our expertise in applying statistics and machine learning to digital trends, CRM data, and quantitative research. Know the state of the field well enough to know when to reach for best-in-class tools and when to design your own solutions
