Job Description
Company Description

As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human.Job Description

Data scientists at Etsy use rigorous methods to generate insights that inform product, engineering, and business decisions across the company. We collaborate with partner teams through all stages of development: actively uncovering opportunity areas, crafting experiments to test hypotheses, analyzing the impact of our efforts, and highlighting takeaways.

Learning new skills and techniques is not only a requirement but a perk of the job! We are always looking for opportunities to grow. Our mission is to guide our partner teams with data and insights and tell the story of how we attract and retain our users — to teams, to senior management, and to the community.

We're hiring partners for a few key Product teams, including the search experience and fulfillment teams. These groups are focused are enhancing their areas of the core shopping experience to connect more buyers with sellers offering just the items they need.

This role is located in Brooklyn, NY and is part of our Analytics and Strategic Finance team.

About the Role
Transform raw data into impactful analysis characterized by strong data governance/documentation, rigorous techniques, and actionable recommendations.
Partner with product, engineering, design teams; use behavioral and transactional data to shed light on our users and our product experience, identify areas for improvement, and drive decision-making.
Identify actionable metrics to understand the performance of products, develop reporting dashboards to track progress, and ingrain these metrics into teams’ day-to-day decision-making.
Lead experimentation, help teams set strong hypotheses, and deliver robust analysis of experiment results.
Continually evaluate and refine your technical toolkit; teach what you learn to the team.
Qualifications

About You
2-3 years experience as an analyst or in a quantitative role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.
Understand the principles of A/B testing, and love crafting and analyzing experiments.
Proficient in SQL and have familiarity with either R or Python. Bonus points for experience with the Hadoop ecosystem or additional scripting languages (Scala, PHP, Ruby, etc.).
Experience with Looker, Tableau, or other data visualization software a plus.
You look for ways to advance your technical skill set and to apply new methods to impactful questions.
You can communicate your insights verbally, visually, and in writing and care deeply about the quality and integrity of your work.
You want to play a key role on a cross-functional team.
You are passionate about subjects such as experimental design, data visualization, and statistical analysis techniques.
Additional Information

At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
