We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the Marketplace Economics team within the Marketplace Business group. The mission of the Marketplace Economics team is to use the science of Economics in shaping efforts to improve Spotify's business while strengthening creator sustainability. The team accomplishes this mission by combining the marketplace incentive structure of creators & intermediate agents (labels, publishers, governmental organizations and regulatory bodies) with internal and external data to test empirical hypotheses and build algorithmic measurement of performance indicators to improve the Creator Marketplace tools/services.In this role, using our petabytes of data, you will help build data products and surface insights to understand connections between artists and listeners, track performance of our products and their impact on artists' careers. You will join a centralized Economics team of researchers and data scientists to build algorithmic insights and novel research.In addition to possessing a strong technical background, you will be a natural communicator who is equally comfortable explaining complex Economic frameworks to both business, science and engineering teams. You will also have a strong preference for learning and applying causal inference and other Econometric & Machine Learning statistical techniques. Accompanying this broad set of responsibilities is exposure to many functional areas, as well as senior management, across Spotify.What you'll do:* Own the building and reporting on Worldwide music industry Economic trends.* Design, build, maintain and iterate on a suite of data products to enable insights and track metrics measuring the health of our marketplace.* Work closely with PhD level researchers to identify content substitution patterns and build/transition them to internal self-serve data products.* Work on data projects that balance the needs of our two sided marketplace, considering the goals of artists' teams while maintaining listener satisfaction and discovery.* Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key partners through clear visualizations and presentations.Who you are:* Degree in Science/Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or a similar quantitative field.* Ability to communicate complex topics using plain (non-technical) language.* Prior proven experience analyzing and summarizing complex data via modern SQL dialects* Prior experience with a statistical scripting language (Python (preferred), STATA, or R)* Prior experience visualization and building dashboards (Tableau preferred)* You are comfortable working with distributed teams across multiple offices and timezones.* You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms.You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what's playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world's most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 271 million users.
