Job Title:

Data Scientist

Department:

Technology

Location:

Santa Monica, CA, US, 90404

Summary of Position:
STARZ is looking for a skilled Data Scientist to join their growing team Santa Monica, CA. This resource will have access to a variety of different data sources available to the Data Products and Engineering team, entailing clickstream, financial, marketing, event, and internal data. This individual will be responsible for exploring data sets as large as 1 petabyte (1PB) and driving business results with their data-based insights using predictive modeling. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and can use models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Other responsibilities will include (but are not limited to) data visualization, data- driven problem solving, They have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in data sets and can brainstorm ways to improve business outcomes/determine future project focus. They must also have experience and interest in content analysis.
Experience & Skills:
4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist within a large, consumer-facing analytics environment
Strong python/R programming experience to extract, clean, analyze, and visualize data
Exposure to cloud environments (preferably AWS)
Strong experience utilizing Spark for data processing
Automation experience using Amazon S3 or other comparable storage service
Machine Learning experience using Tensorflow, Scikit-learn, or Spark ML
Experience using Amazon SageMaker for cloud machine learning
At least a B.S. in Computer Science, EE or Mathematical Science. MS or PhD preferred
Starz (www.starz.com), a Lionsgate company (NYSE: LGF.A, LGF.B), is a leading global media and entertainment company that produces and distributes premium streaming content to worldwide audiences across subscription television platforms. Starz is home to the flagship domestic STARZ® brand, STARZ ENCORE, 17 premium pay TV channels and the associated on-demand and online services, including the highly rated STARZ app. With the launch of the STARZPLAY international premium streaming platform and STARZ PLAY Arabia, Starz is expanding its global footprint in a growing number of territories. Sold through multichannel video distributors, including cable operators, satellite television providers, telecommunications companies, and other online and digital platforms, Starz offers subscribers more than 7,500 distinct premium television episodes and feature films, including STARZ Original series, first-run movies and other popular programming.

STARZ is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This means that all applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of gender, age, race, national origin, disability, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, STARZ will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

Nearest Major Market: Los Angeles
