Description: Its a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nations premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, were pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, youll be at the center of it all.

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

The Clinical Products data science team helps supercharge CVS-Aetnas clinical programs to improve member health and lower costs. Given CVS-Aetnas size, scope, and deep set of capacities, CVS-Aetna is an unparalleled platform to make a difference in healthcare in the US and beyond. The Clinical Products team has three main goals. First, CVS-Aetna is launching a series of clinical programs that use the resources of the combined CVS-Aetna, and our team delivers the advanced analytics to support those initiatives. Second, the team develops data-driven clinical recommendations that are delivered to members, their providers, and their caregivers. Finally, we build condition-specific models that help other parts of the company (e.g. pricing) better predict member care journeys.

About the position. A Principal Data Scientist will join the Clinical Products team and will be responsible for leading and providing technical vision for one or (more likely) more projects. A Principal Data Scientist will build and lead a team that develops predictive models, works with clinical experts (e.g. doctors) to translate their subject matter expertise into machine learning models, sources data, and presents to technical and non-technical stakeholders. A Principal Data Scientist will also lead and mentor team members. Finally, Principal Data Scientist will need to help set the teams coherent, actionable, and inspiring technical visionand she will need to inspire the team to execute on that vision.

68574

Fundamental Components:
Lead team of 2-3 Data Scientists to develop and deliver models that inform CVS-Aetnas clinical programs.
Consults with business partners and clinical leaders to understand problems and goals, understand business value, and translate into business opportunities to be captured through predictive analytics solutions.
Develops and/or uses advanced algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes
Demonstrates superior communication skills, and ability to develop and participate in presentations and consultations to business stakeholders on analytics results and solutions
Supports deployment of insights across multiple channels, i.e., web, mobile app, email, social, call center, Apple watch
Motivates team members and probes into technical detail
Contributes Subject Matter Expertise (SME) through interactions with team members, peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization
Mentors others, and champions 360-feedback across team
Background Experience:
7-10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.
Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas.
Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems.
Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.
Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment
Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.
Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
Comprehensive knowledge of health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products
Clinically oriented background or professional experience is a plus.
Potential Telework Position: No Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
