Read what people are saying about working here. 

$126,148 - $189,600 a year

Part-time

Duties

Summary

GAO's Science, Technology Assessment, and Analytics (STAA) team is seeking a high-potential leader to join its executive leadership team!

As GAO’s Chief Data Scientist, you will head GAO’s Audit Innovation Lab and oversee the advanced analytics, decision-making affecting analytics, and advanced analytics capabilities and infrastructure employed by GAO to achieve its mission and goals.

Responsibilities

Develop advanced analytical techniques and innovate next generation audit methods and/or tools with emerging technologies in support of current and future audits and evaluations.

Develop, define, and drive GAO's strategy with regard to the exploration and deployment of advanced analytics and innovative software engineering techniques for improved or novel business outcomes.

Innovate and expand the agency's advanced analytics and computational research and offerings to support greater analytic capability.

Partner with the Chief Scientist and Managing Director, STAA, and Chief Statistician to plan, prioritize, fund, and execute on new and innovative analytics-based initiatives and processes based on merit and scientific principles.

Collaborate with key leadership, such as the Chief Statistician, Managing Director for Applied Research and Methods, Chief Information Officer, Chief Quality Officer, to set policy for using advanced analytics and emerging technologies at GAO.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - Occasional

Supervisory status

Yes

Promotion Potential

00

Job family (Series)

1501 General Mathematics And Statistics

0854 Computer Engineering

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

You must be a U.S. citizen.

A one-year probationary period is required for initial SES appointments.

You may be required to undergo a background investigation.

You may be required to submit a financial disclosure report.

Requirements met by 11:59 pm Eastern Time on the closing date.

Complete application package must be received by 11:59 pm Eastern Time on the closing date.

If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to register.

Qualifications

PROFESSIONAL/TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS (PTQs)

The PTQs describe the necessary professional and technical knowledge, skills, and competencies needed to successfully perform the duties of this position. If you're a federal employee, this level of experience is typically gained as a GS-14 or GS-15.

The PTQs for this position are:

Experience applying data science and advanced data analytics, including structured, unstructured, or relational and data mining and machine learning techniques.

Experience participating in and driving client engagements focused on big data and advanced business analytics in diverse domains such as product development, marketing research, public policy, optimization, and risk management; communicating results; and educate others through reports and presentations.

Experience evaluating options for data management infrastructure and tools, design comparison tests, prototype as needed, to steer build/buy decisions.

EXECUTIVE CORE QUALIFICATIONS (ECQs)

The ECQs were designed to assess executive experience and potential not technical expertise. They measure whether an individual has the broad executive skills needed to succeed in a variety of SES positions.

The ECQs for this position are:

Leading Change : experience bringing about strategic change, both within and outside the organization, to meet organizational goals, establishing an organizational vision, and implementing it in a continuously changing environment.

Leading People : experience leading people toward meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals, providing an inclusive workplace that fosters the development of others, facilitating cooperation and teamwork, and supporting constructive resolution of conflicts.

Results Driven : experience meeting organizational goals and customer expectations, making decisions that produce high-quality results by applying technical knowledge, analyzing problems, and calculating risks.

Business Acumen : experience managing human, financial, and information resources strategically.

Building Coalitions : experience building coalitions internally and with other federal agencies, state and local governments, nonprofit and private sector organizations, foreign governments, or international organizations to achieve common goals.

Other desirable qualifications for this position include experience:

1. Building complex data extraction, transformation, and loading, including Extract, Transform, and Load into structured databases, data warehouses, and data processing systems.

2. Developing, testing, and applying optimized algorithms and statistical models for discovering new intelligence data, minimizing false positives, and recommending courses of action for internal and external stakeholders.

3. Performing machine learning (ML), natural language (NLP), artificial intelligence (AI), text mining and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods.

Education

An interdisciplinary, professional position is a position involving duties and responsibilities closely related to more than one professional occupation. As a result, the nature of the work enables people with education and experience in either of two or more professions to be considered equally well qualified to do the work.

The final classification of the position is determined by the qualifications of the person selected to fill it.

You may qualify for this position based on one of the professional occupations below.

General Mathematics and Statistics, 1501

To qualify for this occupational series, you must possess one of the following:

Degree - at least a bachelor’s degree in a major that is appropriate for the position (e.g., mathematics, statistics, actuarial science, operations research, computer science).

Combination of education and experience - courses equivalent to a major that is appropriate for the position (e.g., mathematics, statistics, actuarial science, operations research, computer science) AND additional education or appropriate experience.

Substantial record of experience, achievement, and/or publications that demonstrates eminence in this professional/scientific field.

Computer Engineering, 0854

To qualify for this occupational series, you must posses one of the following:

Degree - bachelor’s degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology, Inc. (ABET).

Degree - included differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.

Professional registration or license - current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or license as a Professional Engineer (PE) in the United States, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico.

Written test - evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensing board in the United States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico.

Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.

Related curriculum - successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in a scientific field (e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology) AND at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance.

Substantial record of experience, achievement, and/or publications that demonstrates eminence in this professional/scientific field.

Additional information

ADDITIONAL SELECTIONS : We may use this announcement to make additional selections for similar positions.

CAREER SES APPOINTMENT: You will be eligible for reinstatement to the SES as a career appointee or eligible for noncompetitive transfer to a career SES appointment in the civil service SES under GAO’s interchange agreement with the Office of Personnel Management (OPM).

REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION : GAO provides reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. To request an accommodation, please email ReasonableAccommodations@gao.gov .

REPORTING STRUCTURE : You will report to GAO’s Chief Scientist and Managing Director of the Science, Technology Assessment, and Analytics team.

VETERANS' PREFERENCE : Does not apply to GAO's SES/SL positions.

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Your application will be screened to determine if you meet the requirements listed in the announcement.

A panel of SES members will evaluate your executive experience and potential demonstrated in your application.

To preview questions please click here .

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Secret

Drug test required

No

Required Documents

Required Documents

All applicants must submit :

Resume

Please limit to 5 pages or less.

The ECQs are listed in the Qualifications section.

Your resume must show evidence of progressively responsible leadership experience that is indicative of senior executive-level management capability and directly related to the ECQs. Your resume should emphasize your level of responsibility, scope and complexity of programs managed, program accomplishments, policy initiatives undertaken, and the results of your actions. Do not address the ECQs in separate narrative statements.

Refer to OPM’s Guide to Senior Executive Service Qualifications for background on the ECQs and examples of addressing ECQs in a resume.

PTQ narrative statements

Upload this document under the "Professional & Technical Quals (PTQs)" category.

The PTQs are listed in the Qualifications section.

Address each PTQ separately.

Your statement for each PTQ should be 2 pages or less.

Provide one or two examples of relevant experience per PTQ. For each example, describe your level of responsibility, scope and complexity of programs managed, program accomplishments, policy initiatives undertaken, and the results of your actions.

You should not enter "Refer to Resume" to describe your experiences. Applications directing the reviewer to search within the application or to see the resume are considered incomplete and may not receive further consideration.

Online questionnaire

Completed in Career Connector.

Registration, License, and/or Certification

Required if you identify that you’re qualified based on a registration, license, and/or certification.

You will be required to provide a copy if a tentative offer is made. You do not need to provide a copy with your application package.

Transcripts

Required if you identify that you’re qualified based on education.

You will be required to provide a copy if a tentative offer is made. You do not need to provide a copy with your application package.

I am applying as a current career Senior Executive Service (SES) member. I must submit:

SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action: please ensure the information below is complete and legible. Upload this document under the "SF-50" category.

Block 1 (Name)

Block 5-B (Nature of Action) - should mention SES career appointment;

Block 16 (Pay Plan);

Block 18 (Grade or Level);

Block 20 (Total Salary/Award);

Block 24 (Tenure); and

Block 34 (Position Occupied) - should list "3 - SES General" or "4 - SES Career Reserved"

I am applying as a former career Senior Executive Service (SES) member that is reinstatement eligible. I am eligible for reinstatement to the SES because (1) I successfully completed the 1-year SES probationary period or am exempt because I was converted to the SES as a career appointee when the SES was first established, and (2) left the SES for reasons other than misconduct, neglect of duty, malfeasance, or less than fully successful performance, or resignation after receipt of a notice proposing or directing removal under any of the aforementioned conditions. I must submit:

SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action: please ensure the information below is complete and legible. Upload this document under the "SF-50" category.

Block 1 (Name)

Block 5-B (Nature of Action) - should mention SES career appointment;

Block 16 (Pay Plan);

Block 18 (Grade or Level);

Block 20 (Total Salary/Award);

Block 24 (Tenure); and

Block 34 (Position Occupied) - should list "3 - SES General" or "4 - SES Career Reserved"

I am applying as an SES Candidate Development Program graduate. I must submit:

Certificate of Executive Qualifications: Upload this document under the "Certificate of Executive Qualifications" category.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Is a recruitment incentive available if I'm selected?

Yes, subject to approval.

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
