Our client is the leading freight marketplace that's transforming the $700 billion trucking industry, connecting shippers to a national network of reliable carriers. Fortune 500 companies such as Anheuser-Busch, Unilever, and Target rely on Our client to handle their most important FTL freight needs. With instant pricing tools, guaranteed capacity, data-driven insights, and reliable service, Our client is changing the world of transportation one load at a time. Come leave a positive impact on the environment as we help reduce the carbon footprint caused by the 65 billion wasted miles on the road.

Our client was named one of Forbes' "Next Billion-Dollar Company" in 2018.

Based in New York City, Our client is backed by top VC firms including New Enterprise Associates (NEA), Canvas Ventures, and Lerer Hippeau. The company has raised more than $78.5 million in funding.

The problems we solve everyday are real and require creativity, grit, and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth. We're hiring team members who are passionate and are energized by the vision to simplify and transform one of the largest and most complex industries through technology, data and a strong commitment to customers.

As a Data Scientist, you will implement machine learning models into critical business processes, forecast industry trends, and build data pipelines. The Data Science team works closely with engineers, pricing analysts, and the business intelligence team to complement qualitative knowledge of the freight industry with rigor and quantitative insights. We're currently living in AWS infrastructure including SageMaker and Redshift. You will be expected to autonomously run your own projects, drive business impact, and be a domain expert for teams across the company.

If you are excited about tackling challenges to improve the lives of truckers and shippers across the country and reinventing an industry from the inside out, send us your resume.

What you'll do:
Develop and implement pricing strategies into our automated bidding processes
Build forecasting models for freight market pricing changes using industry indicators
Collaborate with our Sales, Operations, and Tech teams to provide analytic and machine learning support
Execute long-term modeling initiatives
Drive adoption of improved, innovative technologies and tools
Act as a mentor for the data science teamHelp drive strategic data-driven analyses, insights, and report on KPIs
Partner with data engineering for system design and infrastructure
About you:
You have a Bachelor's degree in a STEM or quantitative field
You love data and have at least 2+ years experience with conducting in-depth data analyses, building machine learning models, and presenting results to business stakeholders
You have a solid grasp on both theory and application, and you know how to balance methodological purity with practical implementation
You are fluent with programming languages (Python, R)
You are comfortable working in high-paced, impact-driven environments
Price optimization and financial forecasting knowledge is a plus
Andiamo is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Andiamo provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Andiamo complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply by submitting their resume as an MS word document including a cover letter with a summary of relevant qualifications, highlighting clearly any special or relevant experience.
