Passionate to eat better, Infarm was founded in Berlin in 2013 by Osnat Michaeli and the brothers Erez and Guy Galonska. With the aim to share the goodness of own-grown produce with everyone, they developed a smart modular farming system, that allows distribution of farms throughout the urban environment, growing fresh produce in any available space and fulfilling any market demand.

Today, with cutting edge R&D, patented technologies, and a leading multi-disciplinary team, Infarm is growing a global farming network helping cities become self-sufficient in their food production while significantly improving the safety, quality, and environmental footprint of our food.

Be part of the Infarm (r)evolution and help people to take back ownership of their food.

Who you are


At Infarm we grow a smart worldwide Infarm network that brings farming to the people. As the Data Scientist, you contribute to that mission by searching for patterns in financial data that can provide solutions to business problems or create new business opportunities. In this role, you will communicate clearly and effectively with both clients and multi-disciplinary teams and use advanced mathematical and computer science skills to analyze vast pools of data.

You appreciate diversity. You love to be challenged. You are passionate.

Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company, customer, and market data to drive business solutions
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques, and business strategies
Analyze customer store data to evaluate key KPIs, understand trends, risks and opportunities; Propose solutions for identified risks/opportunities
Assist the management team with the development of expansion strategies including product offerings and regional market analysis
Gather and analyze market research data for various growth initiatives
Assist teams in analyzing data for efficiency/cost saving projects
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting, and other business outcomes
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Requirements
3+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models along with a Bachelor's degree (B. A. / B. S.) from four-year college or university in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets preferred
Strong MS Excel skills (data analysis, modeling, and functions) with SQL querying experience preferred
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, regression, simulations, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, statistical tests, and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers as needed and visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams
What we offer
The opportunity to join Infarm as we expand across the globe and help change the future of farming
The ability to drive impact and be a true partner to the business, working closely with top-level managers
A friendly work environment with a diverse group of motivated, talented, and visionary colleagues
Comprehensive healthcare benefits
19 days of vacation plus an extra day off on your birthday
Infarm is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to grow an inclusive environment, where everyone can thrive, regardless of your background and circumstances. We nurture diversity because we appreciate the uniqueness and differences between people. Each employee's distinctive experiences, perspectives, and viewpoints helps us build a resilient environment, where we can all learn, grow, and create great things together. All applicants are given equal opportunity regardless of age, gender identity or expression, language, disability, ethnic origin, national origin, religion, belief, culture, socio-economic status, or sexual orientation.
