Our entertainment company is seeking a Data Scientist to join our team! This is a critical role specializing in the application of machine learning methods to meet optimization and efficiency. The Data Scientist will work closely with engineering and business partners and collaborate across teams to resolve issues and provide automated solutions for our products.

We utilize and develop cutting-edge technology to deliver high-end and creative content on a global scale. We work across multiple platforms to transform how we see media. The ideal candidate will possess all of the required skills listed below and more! They will demonstrate excellent interpersonal and communication skills and adhere to the standards of quality and excellence at our company's core.

Please, only apply if you are able to work directly for a U.S. company for the next three years. We are not currently able to work with C2C, H1, or OPT for this position.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Reframe objectives as machine learning tasks.
Productively implement and execute machine learning.
Demonstrate how models and systems work for stakeholders.
Collaborate with other teams to create data-based products.
Process and verify data used for analysis.
Improve data collection procedures to develop better ML models.
Create automated anomaly detection systems and track performance.
Develop prototype solutions, mathematical models, algorithms, machine learning techniques, and analytics to support analytic visualization of complex data sets.
Provide recommendations to drive KPIs established by product, marketing, operations, PR teams, etc.
Explore new experimental methods and statistical techniques that will sharpen the product decision-making process.
Develop and deploy testing hypotheses and analyze test results.
Provide necessary analytical rigor to ensure date quality, consistency, and accuracy of insights.
Participate in an Open Source learning environment.
Qualifications:
5+ years of experience in Data Science.
Bachelors degree in Computer or Data Science.
Experience with ML frameworks (TensorFlow, SparkMLlib, Apache Mahout, PySpark, Torch, Caffe, H2o, etc.).
Ability to deliver machine learning techniques in real-time applications.
Expertise in modern statistics, data science, and machine learning.
Expertise in a statistical programming language (Python and R) and data access tools (SQL).
Knowledge and experience with classic statistical modeling techniques (ogistic regression, CART, K-means clustering) and machine learning algorithms (gradient boosting, neural networks, random forest).
Able to handle large, ambiguous streams of data across different formats and entry points.
Experience processing large datasets and cloud environments (AWS, Snowflake and Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Spark).
Ability to develop high value features.
Experience deploying models in real-time environments.
Able to present data science results to clients.
Experience with Apache Spark MLlib, Apache Spark GraphX, and Scala/Java, preferred.
Powered by JazzHR
