WHO WE ARE

Braze delivers customer experiences across email, mobile, SMS, and web. Customers, including Seamless, HBO, Disney, Urban Outfitters, and Venmo, use the Braze platform to facilitate real-time experiences between brands and consumers in a more authentic and human way. And we do it at scale – each month, tens of billions of messages are sent to a network of over 2 billion active users through Braze.

Need more proof? Braze was named a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Mobile Marketing Platforms in 2019. The company has also been named on the Forbes Cloud 100, Inc. Magazine's 2019 Best Places to Work, and Crain's 2019 Best Places to Work in NYC lists.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

We're looking for a talented Technical Data Consultant to join our Data Services Team. We work closely with our customers during onboarding to integrate the Braze into their products and with existing customers to improve their use of Braze. You'll be side-by-side with the product and engineering teams at some of the fastest growing and most innovative brands, like Postmates, Microsoft, ibotta, Domino's, and OkCupid. For many of these companies, the mobile app is their flagship product and the face of their brand. You'll work with brands like these as an extension of their team to help solve their challenges with customer engagement.

The ideal candidate will have experience developing working with databases, scripting with APIs, project management, delivering professional services, and have top-of-the-line people skills. You should have examples of projects that you've managed end-to-end from design to finished product. You should be great at managing your own time, breaking down complicated problems, troubleshooting, and rapidly iterating on a product.
Work with Integration & Onboarding, Product and Customer Success teams to help customers integrate Braze data products.
Collaborate with the Onboarding team to understand customer requirements and goals.
Work directly with Customer's data, marketing, and BI teams to understand their data needs.
Deliver trainings to Customer's teams to achieve their analytics reporting requirements.
Optimize internal processes to shorten customer time to value and other internal KPIs.
Travel to Braze's global customer base to deliver presentations and provide data expertise on-site (up to 40% travel time).
Improve our documentation to make it easier for all of our customers to use Braze's Data Suite.
WHO YOU ARE
Degree in computer science, mathematics or equivalent experience.
2+ years of experience with Cloud Databases/Data Warehouses (Snowflake/Redshift/BigQuery, etc).
2+ years of experience in a customer-facing capacity (consultant or in a professional services team).
Experience working with various data structures (JSON/AVRO/Parquet, etc).
Experience with web-services like APIs.
Excellent interpersonal skills and a user-centric attitude.
High level of intellectual curiosity. You see opportunity and growth in learning more about what you do and how it impacts others
Nice to Have
Python or Go knowledge.
Atlassian (Confluence, JIRA) or Mavenlink experience.
Marketing Analytics background.
WHAT WE OFFER
Competitive compensation that includes equity
Flexible time off policy to balance your work and life, including paid parental leave
Free daily lunch, including snacks and beverages
Competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents
Collaborative, transparent, and fun loving office culture
In addition, this position is exempt under the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act.

If you are a California resident subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, click here to understand how Braze processes your personal information and how you can exercise your rights.
