AccessHope is seeking a Data Scientist responsible for advising the business on the potential of data, to provide new insights into the business's mission, and through the use of advanced statistical analysis, data mining, and data visualization techniques, to create solutions that enable enhanced business performance.

Join a thriving company that is changing the way cancer care is delivered for millions of patients around the country. Recently spun off from an internationally renowned research and treatment hospital, AccessHope understands that cancer doesnt play by the rules, so we dont either. We are an agile, disruptive brand thats backed by a founding member of the National Cancer Center Network. Now, were joining forces with employers to bring state-of-the-art cancer expertise to their employees and give patients access to the latest developments in precision medicine, genetic risk assessment and clinical trials, regardless of where they live. The goal? To dramatically improve care, outcomes and value during cancer treatment.

Its a revolutionary new model and were looking for revolutionary thinkers to join us.

Role
Undertaking data collection, preprocessing and analysis
Building models to address business problems
Presenting information using data visualization techniques
Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns
Follows established AccessHope and department policies, procedures, objectives, performance improvement, attendance, safety, environmental, and infection control guidelines, including adherence to the workplace Code of Conduct and Compliance Plan. Practices a high level of integrity and honesty in maintaining confidentiality.

Performs other related duties as assigned or requested.

Qualifications
Your background
Masters degree with 0+ years of experience; or
Bachelors degree with 3+ years of experience
BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field
Preferred
Healthcare experience a plus, but not required.
Additional skills
Understanding of machine-learning and operations research
Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset
Experience with in-depth rate development templates, risk score analyses, trend analyses, cost management/financial initiatives, back-end technical development and programming
Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)
Analytical mind and business acumen
Problem-solving aptitude
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Experience in data mining
Programming
Statistics
Data Wrangling
Data Visualization & Communication
Data Intuition
Machine Learning (algorithms)
AccessHope is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.

#LI-TT
