Req ID: 177448
The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Data Scientist for the Digital Product, Platform & Strategy: Data Intelligence Operations department. We are looking for a talented data scientist to join our Data Intelligence Team. The data scientist will be responsible for predictive modeling and analysis of customer data, as well as researching best practices in analytics and data science, and sharing them across the company to improve analytic capabilities at Warner Bros.

The Daily
Analyze and model internal customer data.
Build relationships and collaborate with analysts and researchers across WB.
Produce statistical and machine learning models that inform how we communicate with our customers.
Drive improvement in our methodologies, systems and processes.
Provide analysis, reporting, and modeling to internal organizations based on customer data.
Prepare and present results of analyses to leadership.
The Essentials
B.A./B.S. degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, Political Science, or similar quantitative field.
Quantitative oriented Masters Degree or Ph.D preferred.
Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in analytics and data science.
1+ years of experience with conducting analysis in R, Python, SAS, or similar analytical languages.
Experience with relational databases and SQL.
Experience with working in cloud based environments like AWS a plus.
Expertise in machine learning and predictive modeling approaches such as Random Forest, GBM, xgBoost, neural networks/deep learning, etc.
Skilled researcher, able to distill large bodies of research to key findings and explain them to varied audiences.
Experience developing testing plans for evaluating campaigns or changes to products
Knowledge of basic survey design and analysis.
Strong history of identifying opportunities for developing predictive models to meet business needs.
Love of TV, Movies, Games, and Comics is a Plus!
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to pay close attention to complex detail and understand written and oral instructions.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work well under time constraints.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities, communicating changes in scope and schedule to all parties concerned.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality.
177448
