Job Description
Gurucul is seeking an innovative analytics thinker for the role of senior level Data Scientist, to be part of Gurucul’s Data Science team. The candidate will be a key individual contributor responsible for the design and development of predictive models using latest technologies in machine learning. The ideal candidate will have previous experience in the Cyber Security domain analyzing large data sets to develop actionable analytics solution. The candidate must also have experience in developing business intelligence solutions to improve operational efficiency, and in using data visualization tools to help in building visualization ideas to present the results to management teams.

The individual will be responsible for the creation of data models that can be applied for variety of Cyber security and Fraud use cases. He/she must be able to pick suitable analytic techniques to address the problem and demonstrate expertise in using various algorithms and other modeling techniques.

The individual will report directly to CTO. This position will also provide candidates the opportunity to interact with some of the best brains in information security space and Fortune 500 C-level executives and showcase their skills and passion as a Data Scientist in the Cyber Security Analytics field.

Responsibilities
Development of state-of-the-art algorithms and models for Cybersecurity and Fraud use case
Work with large (terabytes of data, billions of daily transactions) structured and unstructured data sets.
Design and analysis of new algorithms for real time data analytics
Should coordinate with offshore development team to provide guidance on models and algorithms developed
Work closely and iterate quickly with product teams throughout the organization showing demos and prototypes of the models created.
Education & Experience
Prior experience in Cyber Security domain applied analytics, statistics, business intelligence, or predictive modeling
MS/PhD Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or Engineering
Thorough knowledge and experience in supervised and unsupervised learning methods such as SVMs, linear classifiers, Bayesian networks and clustering techniques.
Possesses strong combination of theoretical knowledge and hands-on experience in statistical techniques, regression analysis and machine learning algorithms
Familiarity with reinforcement learning methods.
Comfortable with multiple databases and large data sets
Strong initiative and ability to manage multiple projects as well as ability to work well with others in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Strong skills in scripting languages such as Python, Perl or Bash;
Proficient in core Java development and Java EE technologies
Excellent oral and written communication
