Additional Locations:
Job Description
Responsible for leading the architecting and engineering of various and complex aspects of platform architecture and services in cloud hosted infrastructures which might include network, compute, storage, application servers, middleware, and database. Lead the analysis of current and future requirements to effectively design analytics platform solutions while determining design feasibility from both technical and economic perspectives. Develop and maintain technical standards, procedures and documentation in partnership with service partners as needed. Coordinate the compilation and analysis of operational data and direct proofs of concept to establish standard for new designs and modifications to existing platform processes. Independently partner and consult with varied technical, business, project and management staff to identify and plan, assess platform designs and impacts, while developing solutions to any resolve design problems.
Coordinate the planning and development of highly complex engineering designs in support of the implementation of platform for integrated software, database, and analytics solutions.
Lead the development of an analytic technology ecosystem so that the tools work seamlessly together
Ensure data scientists, data engineers, and analysts have the tools needed on the analytics platform
Lead the definition and development of the analytics platform fit the needs of Data and Analytics and support advanced analytics
Provide thought leadership and expertise in emerging technologies with strategic technology vendors
Provide leadership in software and hardware licensing, financial and capacity activities within the environment
Proactively provide information and ongoing consultation for DnA and business
Lead the detailed design of larger and/or more complex internal projects collaborating with IT stakeholders, service owners and partners.
Provide operational readiness through the engineering, planning, coordination, and execution of performance and tuning analysis, systems support, incident and problem resolution, software installation, and upgrades.
Provide detailed guidance and consultation in solutioning production incidents when required.
Maintain appropriate standardized guidelines, work procedures and schedules to expedite workflow and ultimately improve efficiencies.
Build collaborative relationships with the broader architecture community to effectively maintain technical roadmaps and provide input into strategies and standards related to area of specialization.
Lead collaboration with vendors on infrastructure/technology designs to ensure the final product is what was architected or designed and supports DnA needs
Provide direction and assistance to less experienced team members as needed.
Hiring Requirements
Bachelors degree and 7 years of cloud engineering/architecture experience is required.
In lieu of degree, 9 years of cloud engineering/architecture experience.
Significant experience and expertise in one or more of the following technical specialties: software development, cloud deployments, network, compute, storage, analytics, and database.
Experience in data science, data engineering and analytical development projects.
Experience integrating analytics technology with cloud-based platforms.
Experience successfully leading cloud platform projects and initiatives, specifically projects/initiatives that support advanced analytics
Hiring Preferences
Experience in multiple technical specialties preferred.
Experience in one or more of the following technologies (aligning with relevant technical specialties):
Compute virtualization
Python, Scala, and advanced SQL
Spark
Big Data Technologies (Hive, HBase, HDFS)
Linux containers (Docker, K8)
Experience engineering technologies to be delivered as a service and an understanding of concepts of multi-tenancy.
Strong technical aptitude in varied areas.
Must be able to work independently and be self sufficient in defining and realizing infrastructure designs.
Team and customer service oriented, flexible and adaptable with proven ability to solve problems in a collaborative and timely manner.
Solid background in data collection, analysis, and reporting.
Proven debugging skills
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills
Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities with strong organization and planning skillset.
Knowledge of Systems Development Life Cycle Methodologies and process flows.
Ability to correlate technical actions to business impact
Flexible and adaptable with focus on effectively managing change.
Relevant technical certification preferred.
Nice to have: AWS or Azure Certifications
