The Platform team creates the technology that enables Spotify to learn quickly and scale easily, enabling rapid growth in our users and our business around the globe. Spanning many disciplines, we work to make the business work; creating the frameworks, capabilities and tools needed to welcome a billion customers. Join us and help to amplify productivity, quality and innovation across Spotify.

We are looking for a Data Scientist / Analytics Engineer who will help us continue building out the Machine Learning Platform at Spotify.

Our mission is to speed up and democratize machine learning at Spotify and you will work together with our talented team of engineers and product managers to help us deeply understand the current usage and experiences of machine learning throughout our company.
What You'll Do
Work closely with our product and tech team to build a better understanding of the usage of machine learning and how our productivity tools affect teams at Spotify
Develop high-impact dashboards and analyses to build visibility into the usage of machine learning throughout Spotify and how the speed of iteration in building ML systems has progressed
Dig deep into diverse datasets ranging from source code check-ins, number of experiments and AB-tests, internal survey data, to usage of common tooling at Spotify to craft a comprehensive story around the state of machine learning
Work from our office in New York City
Who You Are
You have a track record of working in the analytics space and have experience with data analysis, visualization tools and an understanding of modeling
You value the use of data and visualizations to tell the story behind the data and level up the future development of our products through these insights
You have a keen understanding of SQL, some programming skills (e.g. Python), and exposure to data warehousing concepts – including the ability to productionize metrics
You have an ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity, with only high-level direction
You know how to understand and tackle loosely defined problems and come up with relevant answers and actionable insights
You have strong communication skills and experience working across multiple teams
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.

You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
