Job Description
We hiring a Data Analyst, for our client, an eCommerce company. The office is located in beautiful Hermosa Beach, California. Walk to the beach on your lunch!

In this role, you will help set the framework for the Digital Marketing and Data Science initiatives. We’re looking for a self-motivated critical thinker who loves the numbers! The ideal candidate will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. We want an individual with the highest work ethics, who takes pride in telling stories with data. A team player who is an excellent communicator and quick learner.
This is a high visibility position that reports to the Director of eCommerce and offers a lot of opportunity for a resourceful, motivated individual.

In this role you will:
Provide data-driven recommendations for the marketing strategy by analyzing customer metrics from email, advertising, and sampling initiatives.
Leverage historical data to build out targeted audiences for sampling, mailing, email and advertising campaigns.
Leverage the Marketing CRM to accelerate the business by providing deeper insights into prospect and customer behaviors.
Support customer lifecycle campaigns with data-driven insights for new customer acquisition, retention, and growth.
Increase the marketing team’s use of data and set a high bar for analytics across the department.
Create dashboards and automate reports to support the Marketing team with data-driven decisions.
Assist the marketing team in pulling reports and insights for various marketing campaigns and presentations.
Work closely with the Director of Ecommerce to support all digital marketing efforts.
To succeed in this role you will need:
BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
A proven track record of initiating and delivering actionable analyses/recommendations in order to drive business impact
Some experience building data science models to provide deeper insights
Excellent communication skills (technical and non-technical) and comfort working in a fast-paced environment
Excellent SQL skills, fluency with BI/visualization tools, deep knowledge of Excel.
Additional knowledge in R, Python, programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks) a plus
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Ability to work autonomously
If you are a California resident applying for a job, you consent to our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice. https://hirepeopletree.com/ccpa
