The successful candidate will apply data analytics techniques from traditional statistics to data engineering and some machine learning for banking applications including client relationship management and operations. Machine learning techniques will include familiarity or knowledge of at least one of the following areas: feed-forward, recurrent, recursive and convolutional neural networks, maximum entropy models, and other algorithms related to time series analysis and supervised learning.

Responsibilities:
Develop scalable tools leveraging machine learning and deep learning models to solve real-world problems in areas such as Speech Recognition, Natural Language Processing and Time Series predictions.
Collaborate with technology and business teams in WM Operations, Client Service and Performance, as well as more broadly across AWM and the firm.
Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements. Create an effective roadmap towards the deployment of a production-level machine learning application.
This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
Experience in Deep Learning: DNN, CNN, RNN/, GAN or other auto encoder (AE)
Experience developing statistics models and machine learning models
Ability to develop and debug in Python/Java/C++
Proficient in GIT version control. R and Matlab are also relevant
Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, SparkML, etc
Experience with machine learning APIs and computational packages (TensorFlow, Theano, PyTorch, Keras, Scikit-Learn, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, statsmodels)
Familiarity with basic data table operations (SQL, Hive, etc.)
Problem solving and collaboration skills:
Curious, hardworking and detail-oriented, and motivated by complex analytical problems
Ability to design or evaluate intrinsic and extrinsic metrics of your model's performance which are aligned with business goals
Able to research and propose alternatives with some guidance as to problem relevance.
Undertake basic EDA, may require some direction from more senior team; should be aware of limitation and implication of methodology choices
Share best practice within the WM Operations, Client Service and Performance Technology organization
Takes a structured, incremental approach to delivery, inclusive of stakeholders, with clear transparency of plan, and consistent track record of delivery
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
