Data Scientist Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team! Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fintech space for over 40 years and we pride ourselves on being a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. Job Description Interactive Brokers Group (IBG) is looking for a junior Data Scientist. We are looking for someone to execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients. For this position, the company is not sponsoring applicants for work visas You will be expected to Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data Produce daily metrics and reports Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and A.I. Assist with designing and running AB tests Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools You will need to have Bacheloraposs in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields 2+ yearsapos experience in a data science or data analysis role 2+ years of Java coding experience 2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets Technical proficiency with transforming structured and unstructured data sets Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy Expert problem-solving skills and creative thinking ability What weaposd also love to see Masteraposs degree in previously listed fields (strongly preferred) An ambitious and diligent individual An innovative mindset with a drive to improve upon existing systems A desire to solve challenging problems Company Perks Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonuses, and annual stock grants. Daily company paid lunch. 401k with company match. Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits. Newly renovated offices with sitstand desks and multi-monitor setups. Team outings and dinners. Education reimbursement and learning opportunities. Company Overview Interactive Brokers ("IBKR"), a subsidiary of publicly-traded Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., based in Greenwich, Connecticut (NASDAQ IBKR) is a low-cost provider of trade execution and clearing services for active traders, institutional investors, financial advisors and introducing brokers. IBKRaposs premier technology provides electronic access to stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, and funds worldwide from a single IBKR Integrated Investment account. IBKR is one of the largest online brokers by trade volume and is consistently ranked at the top of its field. Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. Our headquarters are in Greenwich, CT, USA. IBKR has offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Hungary, Estonia, Russia, India, Hong Kong, China, Japan and Australia. IBKR is a member of NYSE, FINRA, and SIPC. Interactive Brokers Group brokerage affiliates are regulated by securities and commodities agencies around the world. Click HERE to view a short video with a few words from current Interactive Brokers employees. For more information, please visit www.ibkr.cominfo
