We’re seeing a passionate Data Scientist to join the team at One Drop. Data Science is all about providing startlingly novel and refreshingly useful decision support directly to One Drop’s end users. For example, One Drop is the first company to make blood glucose prediction available to the majority of people with diabetes. Working with One Drop’s behavioral and health science, diabetes education, engineering, and product teams, we invent new ways to convert over 11 billion health data points into daily support and suggestions for over 2 million users through the One Drop app.

We look at a wide variety of health and lifestyle data provided by users both actively, through logging, and passively, from phones and wearables. Our job is to help inform the hundreds of decisions that people with chronic conditions have to make every day, to empower users to take the actions that will help them get healthier. There are a lot of directions to explore, and each team member is expected and encouraged to help set the development agenda.
You'll make an impact by
Developing machine learning, deep learning, or dynamic simulation models for forecasting and classification
Creating new model features by intelligently combining multiple data sources
Adding to One Drop’s inventory of tools and routines to accelerate experimentation
Creatively applying additional techniques to develop and test new data products
Envisioning new and useful data-driven applications to help people manage chronic conditions
You'll bring
Several years of experience in machine learning or simulation modeling
Strong skills with a scripting language such as Python, and data-related libraries
Expertise in any of deep learning, time series forecasting, pattern identification, recommendation systems, natural language processing, or other data science subdomains with application to helping transform the lives of people living with diabetes
Ability and motivation to absorb new, complex domain knowledge quickly
Evident verbal and written communication skills ranging from documentation of experiments and results to explaining project goals, plans, and progress
Demonstrated ability to set and follow a productive agenda independently, while keeping coordinated with the team
Bonus Points:
Experience with data related to diabetes or other chronic conditions
Experience with tracking data from mobiles and wearables
A personal connection to, or passion for empowering people living with chronic conditions
You'll get
Deeply impact the lives of people with chronic conditions
Work at an early stage startup and help develop the future of healthcare
Competitive salary and equity commensurate with experience and performance
Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance and 401k plan
Yearly Professional Development Budget
Unlimited Vacation Days
Weekly Catered Lunches, Company Swag, company outings, and other surprises when you start
One Drop is the future of healthcare. Our mission is to develop technology that ensures all people living with diabetes and other chronic conditions can thrive. We harness the power of data science and mobile computing to make healthcare more affordable, accessible, and effective.

Our clinically proven mobile platform combines AI-powered predictive insights, personalized health coaching, and FDA-approved connected devices to simplify self-care. And it works. People using the One Drop platform have seen significant improvements in their health in just a few weeks.

Today, the rate of people living with chronic conditions is increasing dramatically, and traditional approaches to healthcare cannot possibly scale to reach them all. We exist to serve those people and help them lead their best lives. www.onedrop.today

One Drop provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

To all recruitment agencies: One Drop does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias or One Drop employees. One Drop is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
