Medidata: Conquering Diseases Together

Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,400 customers and partners access the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com.

Acorn AI is one of the largest AI companies exclusively dedicated to life sciences. It’s built on Medidata’s platform that includes the industry’s largest structured, standardized and growing clinical trial data repository consisting of 17,000+ trials and 4.5M patients. Our team is composed of over 40 PhD/Masters statisticians, data scientists, analytical product leads, former FDA biostatisticians and computational genomicists.

Your Mission:
Power smarter treatments and healthier people with innovative analytic applications and advanced data systems
Create innovative applications and data flows for research and production settings with engineering best practices, transparency, and scalability.
Develop advanced data systems to extract, assess, integrate, transform, clean, analyze and visualize datasets for complex analytics and statistical modeling.
Solve complex business questions where situations or data require in-depth evaluation of variable factors.
Assess analytical data sources, conduct hands-on exploration to determine their value, and make them available enterprise-wide
Collaborate with data scientists, business leaders and cross-functional stakeholders to implement data science solutions based on business priorities and technology initiatives.
Your Competencies:
Advanced skills in data transformation, statistical processing, modeling dataset construction and manipulation of structured and unstructured data sources.
Deep experience in data engineering technologies including SAS, R, Python, SQL in a cloud setting. Familiarity in NLP and entity recognition are a plus.
Familiarity with statistical concepts and experience supporting complex predictive model builds and implementations.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with all levels of data science, technology personnel and senior leadership.
Clear, concise communication abilities – writing, verbal, presentation – to all levels of technical and non-technical audiences.
Entrepreneurial spirit and commitment to creating rigorous, high-quality insights from data, at scale.
Your Education & Experience:
Undergraduate degree in a technical or scientific field, such as Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science, or similar. Master’s degree or PhD preferred.
5+ years professional experience as a data scientist, data engineer, data analyst, or related role
Experience with clinical trial data is not required, but interest to learn and understand how these data drive medical research is paramount
Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.

Medidata’s solutions have powered over 20,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.

Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

#LI-AS1
