As a leading mobile games developer, Jam City is looking to “level up” our talent. We’re on the hunt for innovators who consider themselves dynamic, collaborative, and thrive in a fast-paced environment.

PERKS & BENEFITS
Unlimited Vacation, Paid Sick Days & Holidays
100% Employee Covered Medical, Dental, Vision Plan Base Plan
Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits & More
Catered Lunches & Well-stocked Kitchens
Yoga & Wellness Activities
Happy Hours
Company Events
Dog Friendly
RESPONSIBILITIES
Create and implement big data solutions including data collection, transformation and analysis on large database.
Work on data collection, transformation and analysis on large databases.
Analyze data using such technology platforms as Teradata and Databricks to visualize data into reports.
Create design solutions for data warehousing across various departments.
Assist with monitoring and maintaining the company’s data infrastructure.
Create, develop and maintain data warehouse, including warehouse elements such as data architectures, tools and databases.
Design warehouse database structures.
Review, test and verify structure and quality of warehouse data.
QUALIFICATIONS
Four (4) years of data warehouse consulting, data engineering, data analytics or related experience with: database administration; development, monitoring and maintenance of data warehouses; data analysis and visualization of findings; data collection, transformation and analysis on large databases; data warehousing.
ABOUT JAM CITY
Jam City is an award-winning mobile entertainment studio providing unique and deeply engaging games that appeal to a broad, global audience.

Led by CEO Chris DeWolfe, former MySpace co-founder and CEO, and COO Josh Yguado, former 20th Century Fox executive, Jam City is the creative powerhouse behind some of the highest-grossing and most enduring mobile games. Jam City’s global franchise Cookie Jam has generated more than half a billion dollars, and Panda Pop has more than 120 million downloads to date.

The company also is the go-to studio for Hollywood, having developed immersive, narrative-rich mobile games around iconic entertainment brands. The company’s popular RPG game Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery was the #1 game in more than 40 countries at its launch in April 2018.

Jam City has nine studios located in Los Angeles (HQ), Berlin, Buenos Aires, Bogotá, Burbank, Cedar Falls, San Diego, San Francisco, and Toronto.
