Data Analyst

Expertise.com connects over 8 million consumers annually to the best local experts in their area, whether they need a dog walker, financial advisor, or wedding photographer. With over 200,000 providers across more than 200 different industries, we dive deep into figuring out what makes a professional the best in their area of expertise and how to help the reader find the professional best for them.

We're looking for a Data Analyst based in the Los Angeles (Encino) area to join full-time. You will be joining Expertise.com at a formative time where there is large amounts of data being gathered (including site analytics, Google rankings, marketing operations, and more), but little of it exposed to the business. You will play a major role in tapping into this data to help shape & define the business strategy and execution plan going forward.

What Youll Do
Influence business strategy by discovering and exposing compelling data insights
Translate data insights into actionable recommendations, balancing strategic objectives and tactical optimization
Ensure data integrity by testing and comparing similar data sources
Build and refine models to support business growth, such as pricing and forecasting
Consult with business leaders in Sales, Marketing, Operations, Content and other team members, helping define the business strategy
What Itll Take
2 to 5 plus years of experience in a data-oriented role
Highly skilled in building queries using SQL & analysis in Excel
Experience building visualizations in tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or PowerBI
Experience with Salesforce SOQL (APEX is a plus)
Experience with Python and API creation a plus
Must be intellectually curious, extremely detail oriented and passionate about learning new technologies
A hands-on, team player with a positive outlook, an entrepreneurial spirit, the capacity to thrive in ambiguity, and the willingness to adapt to the needs of the business
Ability to work with diverse remote teams.
B.S. in engineering, economics, applied math, stats or any other quantitative field (preferred)
Who We Are
Were a small but rapidly growing team driven by a bias-to-action mentality, balanced with a sense of humor.
We love to problem-solve creatively while keeping a sharp focus on the important drivers of the business.
We prioritize relentlessly to ensure that whatever we're working on is vital to our business' growth
Were results-focused, but not afraid of failure as we lean into change and pursue our goals.
Were open to new ideas and not afraid to break the status quo
Powered by JazzHR
