Data Scientist needed for an AI technology company

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Nicole Cesa
Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button and sending us your resume.

A bit about us:

We are an Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning technology solutions company. We are seeking well-qualified candidates with experience designing and developing ML and AI-based algorithms. In this role you will work with a small team of highly dedicated computer scientists to use cutting-edge algorithms to solve real world problems.

Why join us?

We offer competitive salaries, great benefits including a top health insurance policy with employees premium 100% covered, generous PTO policy, and flexible work schedule.

Job Details

We are looking for candidates with more than just tool experience. We are looking for someone very strong with algorithm and making sense of data - if these tools can do the job, how do we best figure our the solution?

Conduct literature reviews to identify possible solutions to a selected problem, including identifying strengths and weaknesses of various approaches
Participate in creative brainstorming on how various methods may be applied to problems of interest
Design, implement, and test prototype algorithms
Support algorithm integration into applications and software services
Evaluate performance of algorithms on selected problems / data sets
Communicate work in both written and verbal forms
Provide guidance on integrating mature algorithmic capabilities into software systems

Qualifications
MS or PhD (preferred) in Computer Science or related field
2-3 years of Experience with ML or experience with AI planning or multi-agent algorithms
Experience with ML frameworks such as SciKit-Learn, TensorFlow, Spark, Keras, etc.
Strong programming experience in Python, Java, C++, etc.,
Experience in developing and operationalizing systems that include advanced algorithmic components
US Citizen and ability to obtain a security clearance required.

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button.
