As a data scientist at TBWA\Chiat\Day New York, you will join a close-knit and innovative data science team that is pioneering the use of data as a core component of creative storytelling.

This is not just another data wrangling job. As part of one of the world's leading creative agencies, the TBWA Data Team works closely with strategy across global clients and new business. Every day is a little bit different and you will be challenged to evolve the role of data in the creative process.

The ideal candidate believes in the creativity of data. Having a curious-minded approach to research, problem solving and supporting multiple client work streams will lead to success on this team and in this agency.

On a day to day level, the Data Scientist is responsible for collecting data from disparate sources, merging datasets, performing exploratory analyses, and extracting key insights. We often develop custom approaches and tools, so expertise with R or Python and ownership of a project will be essential

Impact will be your goal.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Big picture thinking and attention to detail to solve problems/help teams make decisions/find insights
Perform extraction and interrogation of data sets from multiple platforms and perform hygiene and quality control steps. Data sources will include: web analytic tools, media analytics, customer databases, social listening tools, search tools, syndicated data, research & survey tools, etc.
Derive key findings and observations from analyzing various data sources, and together with more senior analytics staff, communicate those findings orally or in writing, primarily to internal agency team.
Develop a picture of the customer leveraging data from 3rd party data sources.
Stay abreast of industry trends, best practices, and the evolving analytics landscape.
Put together slides with findings and insights that are communicated to cross functional teams.
REQUIREMENTS
3-5 years experience with programming languages such as R, Python, SQL, etc.
Advanced skills in Excel functions: Pivots, advanced formulas/macros, multi-spreadsheet links.
Competency in analytic techniques such as: time series data analysis, segmentation, univariate & multivariate statistical analysis, various metrics and key performance indicators, research & test design, significance testing, variance and growth calculations, forecasting, return on investment.
Working knowledge of data visualization tools, such as Shiny, Tableau or Power BI.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Preferred:
2-4 years of work experience in marketing analytics or related fields such as advertising, direct marketing, online marketing, loyalty marketing, using data to solve complex Marketing problems.
Basic knowledge of marketing/advertising/research principles.\
Alignment with TBWA\Chiat\Day Values

Our ambition is to create ideas for our clients that lift their businesses and brands. Ideas are our business. We believe that great ideas can come from anywhere.

Certain attitudes define how we work and are important in what we seek for our culture.

Key TBWA\Chiat\Day Attitudes

Curiosity: Be open-minded to ideas wherever they come; curious people are often unafraid of change;

Collaboration: Self-confidence without a big ego; work with all types of people;

Integrity: What we say is what we do; it is honesty and respect in our dealings with people;

Resourcefulness: To find ways to do whatever we have to do for our clients, and our people.
