DATA SCIENCE RESIDENT (DSR) - LOS ANGELES

THIS POSITION IS RESERVED FOR FORMER STUDENTS AND GRADUATES OF GALVANIZE IMMERSIVE PROGRAMS

Being a Resident (DSR) or gU Resident, you would be at Galvanize Full-Time (40 hours per week). The idea is to solidify your new skills by helping students in the classroom as well as going through the curriculum again. Your classroom responsibilities will mostly include ‘being on the floor,’ which means helping students through the daily exercises. Other classroom responsibilities include reviewing new student applications, interviewing prospective students, building new/iterating current curriculum, grading student tests, and reviewing student code.

As part of the Residency program, you will receive dedicated mentorship from our expert instructors and faculty to cultivate your development as a data scientist or data engineer. This is a 13-week appointment for DSI residents, and an 8-week appointment for gU residents, based on cohort schedules.

DSRs will work during Week 7 which is a Break Week and will be compensated for this week.

Los Angeles: For 40-hours of work/week, the stipend is approximately $1,500/ week for a 13-week appointment. **(Approximate because stipend depending on actual days worked.)

The Typical Week of classroom responsibilities include:
Helping students on the floor during the classroom exercises
Reviewing incoming student applications
Interviewing prospective students
Building new/iterating current curriculum
Reviewing current students code and grading tests
Attending weekly curriculum meeting
Presenting at Monthly Info Sessions for prospective students
Growing significantly as a data scientist through professional instruction and self-study in the concepts and tools you haven't yet mastered

Application Process for Data Science Residency
1st screen (passive): Peer nominations, final assessment, classroom experience, application
Interview: Brief conversation with an instructor on your goals in the Resident role, coding, statistics, and Machine Learning.

EEO
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
