Music for everyone, no credit card needed. It’s a promise our platform was built on. And here in the Free team, we’re still building on it. We work on a massive scale, bringing people from all kinds of disciplines and all parts of the business together to deliver an amazing freemium experience to more than 129 million users worldwide. Want to help shape the future of free? Here’s how.

In Spotify’s Ads research and development group we focus on the following:
-Designing and building new advertising and messaging formats to delight our users
-Revolutionizing the way that podcasts are monetized
-Providing self serve tools and interfaces for advertisers and operators to get their message out
-Optimizing and personalizing how ads and messages are served, to reach the right user with the right message at the right time
-Building out Spotify’s infrastructure for connecting fans with concerts of artists they love
-And more!

As a Data Scientist as part of our Product Insights group, your mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights, and get a deep understanding of the world of our listeners and our advertisers. Together with us you will study user behavior, evaluate strategic initiatives and experiment with new features.
What you'll do
Work closely with cross-functional teams of data scientists, user researchers, product owners, designers, engineers and machine learning experts who are passionate about Spotify’s success
Perform and present analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisions
Design and conduct A/B tests to drive iterative improvement to both user and advertiser metrics through efficient experimentation
Impact product strategy by leading foundational research & experimentation initiatives to develop a deeper understanding of how product, platforms & promotions influence user behavior
Build lasting solutions to surface critical data and performance metrics through visualizations and dashboardsMentor and coach other data scientists
Work from our offices in New York
Who you are
You know how to understand and solve loosely defined problems and come up with relevant answers and actionable insights to guide product development decisions
You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business senseYou have relevant experience, with a degree in economics, psychology, computer science, statistics, or mathematics or another quantitative discipline
You have the technical competence to perform advanced analytics: coding skills (such as Python, Java, or Scala), experience with analytics & visualization tools (Pandas, R, SPSS, SQL, Hadoop, Tableau), and experience performing analysis with large datasets
You possess statistical competence (such as regression modeling, A/B testing, significance testing etc)
Have demonstrated experience with hands-on statistical modeling and possess knowledge about machine learning (such as predictive modeling, decision trees, classification models, and especially clustering techniques)
Worked in an analytics role within an advertising function
You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
