Consultant, Data Science (GenPact/Morgan Stanley)
Function: Analytics, Data Engineering
New York, NY

With a startup spirit and 80,000+ curious and courageous minds, we have the expertise to go deep with the world’s biggest brands—and we have fun doing it. Now, we’re calling all you rule-breakers and risk-takers who see the world differently, and are bold enough to reinvent it. Come, transform with us.

Inviting applications for the role of Data Scientist (with Machine Learning and Python)

In this role, you will be responsible for analyzing data and developing predictive models for various use-cases within Equity Risk and MSIM.

You Must have strong experience employing different data mining / data analysis methods, data engineering/transformation using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models.

You should have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The ideal candidate is adept at discovering and using wide variety of data-sets together. It is critical that you are comfortable understanding the business domain and interpreting / explaining the findings of models as it applies to the business problem for people outside data-science domain.

Responsibilities
Work with partners, finding opportunities for demonstrating data to seek for business challenges.
Identify valuable data sources / data sets that can be used to improve results.
Analyze data to interpret against business opportunity and Client trends and patterns.
Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of structured / unstructured data used for analysis.
Research and implement custom statistical models and machine learning algorithms.
Execute analytical experiments methodically to evolve an idea into successful solution.
Coordinate with engineering and software development team to integrate model into continuous business / process /software cycle.
Present information using data visualization techniques.
Communicate results and ideas to key stakeholders / decision makers.
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications
Masters Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or relevant field
7+ years' practical experience as a Data Scientist with proven track record
Strong math skills (e.g. Statistics, algebra, multi-variable calculus)
Expertise with R, SQL and Python
Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis
Deep understanding of real-life applicability and limitations of machine-learning algorithms
Problem-solving aptitude
Analytical mind and business acumen
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Preferred qualifications
• Experience with B2B, Financial Industry, Asset Management, Financial Market Data, Sales & Marketing is helpful.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of sophisticated statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and accurate usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/ Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.
Expertise querying Relational / No-SQL databases and using statistical programming languages like R, Python, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for partners using: Business Objects, Tableau, D3.js, ggplot, etc.
Experience with data-science tools: Dataiku, Jupyter, etc.
Knowledge of opensource, 3rd party, cloud based data science / NLP / machine learning platforms (e.g. AWS or Azure offerings)
