Requisition Number
6027006

Department
Enterprise Reporting

Location
Melville
992 North Village Avenue Rockville Centre, NY 11570

Schedule
Full Time

Shift
Day shift

Hours
8:00am - 4:00pm

Job Details
POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist will be responsible for the creation of advanced static models, dynamic models and algorithms, through data science, numerical methods and statistics.

DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Perform Data discovery, profiling and analysis of real-time and historical clinical healthcare data
Drive Data management, classification and taxonomy development
Hypothesis development and testing
Data model and algorithm development and training
Collaborate with the multi-disciplined business analysts, technical analysts, data scientists and software engineers
Creation of support tools, documentation and designs of algorithms for implementation in healthcare big data ecosystem
Works collaboratively to design, implement and maintain data science models and applications.
Establish programs to apply data science methodologies, including predictive modeling and machine learning, data analytics and visualization, and usability and design, to departmental, service line, and enterprise applications and functions.
Synthesizes complex data-related problems into actionable business and/or clinical strategy, and communicate findings to appropriate end-users and stakeholders.
Assists with the development of specifications to support the design of new or modified data science projects, with a focus on data-driven optimization, enhancement, and development.
Assists in the evaluation of projects, systems, and initiatives at the department, service line, and enterprise level. Ensures projects and their outputs enhance clinical quality, patient safety, and institutional efficiency, focusing on all aspects of data science, including data gathering and wrangling, exploratory data analysis, data modeling and machine learning, and model implementation and evaluation. Ensures high quality execution of all proposed projects.
Knowledgeable in present and planned data science projects and maintains voice of the customer in all project initiatives.
Serves as the link between the clinical staff (customer) requirements and IS capabilities.
Assists in ensuring that systems are implemented to support Health System initiatives and goals to improve the quality of patient care, to maximize patient safety, and to provide operational efficiencies
POSITION REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

Education:
PhD in Computer Science, Biomedical Informatics or related field
Experience:
Experience with predictive modeling in healthcare, is preferred
Experience with healthcare data, including HL7, EMR and claims data, is preferred
Experience with natural language processing, is preferred
Experience with using languages like R, Scala and Java, is preferred
Understanding of Hadoop environment, is preferred
Experience with big data cluster computing tools like Spark, is highly-desirable
Experience with machine learning (supervised and unsupervised), is preferred
Experience with statistical analysis, is essential
Experience with hypothesis testing, is essential
Knowledge/Skills:
Proficient with statistical software packages (R, Python, MATLAB, SAS or related programs)
Highly proficient with Excel, Microsoft Office and using data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Qlik, PowerBI) to present data in clear, concise formats
Solid creative thinking, learning agility, decision making, problem solving, reasoning, and visualization skills and abilities.
Interest in becoming a content expert in healthcare reporting databases and warehouses.
Communicate effectively with excellent verbal/written communication skills.
Collaborating with developers for customized development.
Able to manage multiple tasks, often with competing deadlines.
Possess the ability to contribute to an environment that motivates individuals to work collaboratively as a team
Reasonable accommodation will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential physical demands.

Expectation for All Employees:
Demonstrate knowledge of and conduct himself/herself in conformity with the CHS Compliance Assurance Program and Standards of Conduct. Employee shall receive a copy of the CHS Compliance Program Handbook and be aware of the CHS Helpline. Employee will perform all work activities according to the highest ethical and legal standards.
Conduct himself/herself in conformity with the HIPAA Compliance Program and applicable institutional policies and procedures for patient privacy.
Play an active role in the CHS Information Security Awareness Program by following and supporting all CHS information security policies and procedures to the best of their ability. This will include reporting any suspected fraud, abuse, or violation of policy to the appropriate management or reporting mechanism.
Support the organizations mission, vision, and values by exhibiting the following behaviors: excellence and competence, collaboration, innovation, respect personalization, commitment to our community, and accountability and ownership.
