Tapcart makes launching a mobile shopping app easy, fun and attainable for every brand.
The world of shopping will one day be powered entirely by mobile, made possible by our products, team and vision.
We are inspired by the future of mobile. We work to inspire that future.

As the market leader in mobile Ecommerce, we focus on providing great experiences for our customers and for mobile shoppers worldwide. Our platform powers the mobile apps of some of the largest shopping brands, including Fashion Nova, Chubbies, The Hundreds and many more.

Tapcart is trusted by over 10,000 brands to launch and manage their mobile apps. We were recently featured at Google I/O, Shopify UNITE and in The Verge.

This role is perfect for an ambitious Data Engineer looking to grow and work with real-time data. Someone who is engineering-driven, can translate business and data requirements into production-ready stacks, and provide innovative systems with a focus on data resilience and accuracy for the e-commerce space.

We are looking for someone who shows passion and can champion data not only internally but to our customers. This person would help shape data collection, compliance, processes, and work cross-functionally with all Tapcart teams.
What you need to know
Be confident working within a real-time data collection system
Provide data-focused solutions and obtain buy-in from stakeholders
Experience working with stacks such as BigQuery, DataFlow, DataPrep, Data Studio, Pub/Sub, Kafka, Apache Airflow and the like
Experience defining schemas and growing a Data Warehouse
Experience with HBASE derived databases, especially BigTable
What you'll be doing
Creating data pipelines to handle batch and steaming ETLs
Create and implement efficient solutions to enrich existing data workflows
Create software/technology that will be the foundations for future machine learning engines such as personalization and recommendations
Identifying and report data resilience issues to key stakeholders
Bonus if you have
Experience at a B2B and/or SaaS startup
Experience creating data pipelines for SaaS dashboard products like Intercom, Canva, FreshBooks
Worked within highly functional engineering teams


Who we are.
We are a well funded, young and growing startup located in sunny Santa Monica, CA . Our employees and culture are very important to us and as such, we aim to make coming to work fun, challenging and rewarding for our team. We know that doing great work depends on showing up with creative solutions to face our many business challenges. It all starts with having good people, and helping them grow both personally and professionally. We can't wait to hear how your unique skills and personality will add to our company and culture.

Learn more about who we are and what we offer on our careers page, and check out some of our recent features on Google I/O, Shopify UNITE and in The Verge.
