This role is part of the Whisk team within the Samsung NEXT Product organization.

Whisk has built a multi-sided marketplace over the past 7 years that delivers value to each member of the network such as Publishers, Retailers, IOT & Health, and Brands. Whisk also has a consumer experience, my.whisk.com for shopping lists, saved recipes, and other potential experiences. Whisk joined Samsung NEXT in March and there are plans to invest more heavily in the platform, to scale the business and grow each aspect of the network (publisher, retailer, IoT, Health, Brands, & B2C). Each investment should not only add value to its own experience but also to the network of partners overall.

About NEXT Product


The NEXT Product organization is a hyper-growth startup within Samsung NEXT. We're a globally distributed product development team in search of builders and creators to help conceive, grow and scale new products and categories.

Successful candidates, at all levels within the organization, will: approach all things team-first, take ownership and "be the change you seek", have strong written and verbal communication skills, have high EQ, enjoy fast-paced, outcome-driven environments and be inspired to learn and explore daily both inside and outside of your field of expertise.

The Role


As a NLP Machine Learning Engineer, you will build ML-based systems, tools, and services to improve Whisk's Food Genome (https://whisk.com/cognitive-food-platform/) and to produce highly relevant and personalized recommendations. We are looking for a candidate that has industry experience with a range of Machine Learning disciplines (NLP) and has worked with large data sets, specifically understanding and representing semantics. Experience with the food industry is a plus. This position is located in our New York office.

Responsibilities
Work closely with our Data team to extend and improve our Food Genome by applying NLP based methods to this complex domain
Build models to generate food recommendations and personalized offering based on user behavior
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve ML models/infrastructure and software that uses these models
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables
Required Qualifications
MS degree in Computer Science or a related quantitative field
5+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning (NLP), recommendation systems
Experience with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or Keras
Experience working in an Agile environment and within a distributed team
Bonus Points
Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or a related quantitative field
Research experience in Natural Language Processing or Deep Learning
About Samsung NEXT


Samsung NEXT champions builders and founders inventing a more purposeful future. We attract, develop, and celebrate diverse talent with world-class capacity to transform ideas into realities at scale. We prioritize experiences over things and are dedicated to thoughtfully integrating the physical and digital worlds and we accelerate Samsung's vision to inspire the world.

Founded in 2012, Samsung NEXT has four key functions in the global software ecosystem:
Product: designs and builds software experiences to transform the way we work and live
M&A: acquires game-changing companies to bring their products and services to consumers worldwide
Ventures: invests in startups that have the potential to scale by leveraging the Samsung ecosystem
Partnerships: creates partnerships with innovative companies to enrich Samsung products and services
At Samsung NEXT, we hold the steadfast belief that diversity and inclusion is essential to realize our mission and is a must-have for us to do our best work. We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, ability, marital status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

#LI-EO1
