Data Scientist
If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on!

What You Will Be Doing
We're looking for a skilled Data Scientist to join our growing LA team. This resource will have access to a variety of different data sources available to the Data Products and Engineering team, entailing clickstream, financial, marketing, event, and internal data. This individual will be responsible for exploring data sets as large as 1 petabyte (1PB) and driving business results with their data-based insights using predictive modeling. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and can use models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Other responsibilities will include (but are not limited to) data visualization, data- driven problem solving, They have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in data sets and can brainstorm ways to improve business outcomes/determine future project focus. They must also have experience and interest in content analysis.

What You Need for this Position
" 4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist within a large, consumer-facing analytics environment
" Strong python/R programming experience to extract, clean, analyze, and visualize data
" Exposure to cloud environments (preferably AWS)
" Strong experience utilizing Spark for data processing
" Automation experience using Amazon S3 or other comparable storage service
" Machine Learning experience using Tensorflow, Scikit-learn, or Spark ML
" Experience using Amazon SageMaker for cloud machine learning
" At least a B.S. in Computer Science, EE or Mathematical Science. MS or PhD preferred

What's In It for You
Great Compensation and Benefits Package

So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
