About TutorMe

TutorMe is the premier online tutoring solution for millions of college students nationwide. Our mission is to level the academic playing field for students everywhere. We believe that every student should have access to incredible tutors regardless of where they go to school or who their parents are.

We do this by connecting students with the best online tutors in under 30 seconds using a matching system powered by AI. Students can receive help in over 300 subjects via our advanced lesson space, featuring video chat, screen-sharing, virtual whiteboards and much more. TutorMe's national network of online tutors gives students the help they need when they need it.

What you’ll do

Define and implement business metrics and KPIs and deliver actionable analyses
Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, dashboards, analyses, and roadmaps
Partner closely with the leadership, Product, and Tech teams to drive product decisions
Design and analyze A/B multivariate tests to drive KPI improvement
Build high-impact dashboards and analytic tools to increase visibility on our data
Work closely with the Product & BI teams to design, build & test end-to-end solutions.
And other duties as assigned

What’s required

Hunger for impact, drive to learn fast, be creative, and win as a team.
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field
3+ years of industry experience performing advanced signal processing, data analysis, and visualization.
Expert in Python or Scala, with related statistical and machine learning packages.
Experience with A/B testing methodologies and experiments.
Strong SQL abilities and experience with massive relational database systems.
Able to take a complex, ambiguous topic and turn it into a rigorously defined and well-formulated problem that answers the business question we are trying to solve.
Excellent communication skills to explain your results and solution to the stakeholders in a clear and compelling way.
Preferred: experience/interest in education

What you’ll get

Competitive salary
Top-notch health, dental and vision insurance
401k matching
Generous vacation and holidays
Swanky office in Century City with a great view of the city
Crazy comfortable chairs and all the tech you need to get the job done
Unlimited breakfast and beverages (including La Croix)
Opportunity to be a key player at a company that’s quickly redefining the boundaries of on-demand academic support

If you are not sure that you’re 100% qualified, but up for the challenge - we want you to apply.

We value diversity of all kinds, and are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other. We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives.
