As we continue to grow, Miro is expanding its Analytics team and is looking to hire a strong Business Analytics Manager. In this role you will work with Go to Market team leadership to help in defining their teams strategy and to assess the effectiveness of their key initiatives. You will also have an amazing opportunity to help Miro accelerate our existing momentum, scale our business initiatives, and maximize our full potential.

The Analytics team at Miro has a clear mission - use data to make better decisions. We are a small and highly leveraged team of folks who pride ourselves on finding ways to answer even the most challenging business questions.

What you'll do
Find the stories buried in data and build insightful dashboards that enable everyone at Miro to be an analyst
Be a vocal and proactive partner to your stakeholders. Guide their line of questioning rather than just fulfilling requests. Provide insights and conclusions rather than data outputs
Know where to find the right data to answer a question. Be persistent in ensuring data quality and resourceful in getting data that is not immediately available
Be comfortable outside of your comfort zone - understand always changing business needs, explore new tech and tools, trace data issues to the source, or find a new way to address an old problem
Coach, mentor, and help set strategy for Business Analysts to drive even more impact for the team
What you'll need
4+ years of Analytics/Data Science/BizOps experience in fast growing startup
You're comfortable working with ambiguity and forging your own path
You deliver results quickly with iteration, instead of waiting for perfection
You love telling stories with data - numbers are key, but a business is built with people. Cross functional relationships and effective communication are critical to make an impact
Data Visualization/Reporting: Tableau, Looker, or similar experience required
Salesforce.com: You can use it to quickly develop v.1 of an analysis
Complex SQL statements: You can write these in your sleep
What's in it for you
Excellent health benefits that includes medical, dental and vision.
Flexible time off.
Snack and drinks provided.
Brand new office coming in December.
Team outings and collaboration.
401k matching.
About Miro

Miro is an online collaborative whiteboard platform that enables distributed teams to work effectively together, from running brainstorming sessions and workshops to planning projects, from designing new products and services to facilitating agile ceremonies. With over 5 million users and 20,000 paying customers, Miro is trusted by Dell, Cisco, Salesforce, PWC, EA, and many more global companies of all sizes.
