Music for everyone, no credit card needed. It’s a promise our platform was built on. And here in the Free team, we’re still building on it. We work on a massive scale, bringing people from all kinds of disciplines and all parts of the business together to deliver an amazing freemium experience to more than 129 million users worldwide. Want to help shape the future of free? Here’s how.

We are looking for experienced data scientists to join a brand new team and help build our data science and analytics practice. We are developing a world-class advertising business at Spotify, and members of this team will develop insights and products that drive data informed decision making to help us meet our goals.

The data science and analytics team in this area will be helping to answer questions such as:
-How are trends in listener behavior changing and how might these changes inform our ad sales, B2B marketing and product strategies?
-How do we segment our audiences to provide maximum value to advertising partners?
-How well is our performance matching our goals and can we uncover specific areas to focus on improvement or double down on success?How well are we marketing our ad products to prospective clients?
-How can we best expand our client base?What new insights can we uncover that may be useful to our existing and potential clients?
-How can we optimize our pricing across regions, platforms and products?

As a Data Scientist or Senior Data Scientist in the Ads Business your mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights, and get a deep understanding of the world of our listeners and our advertisers. You’ll join a new team of data scientists and analysts that’s part of an existing insights organization and that offers plenty of opportunity for collaboration and learning.
What you'll do
Perform and present analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisions.
Work with colleagues across Ad Sales, Sales Operations, Partner Solutions and Revenue Partnerships to understand analytic needs and deliver impactful findings.
Collaborate with insight partners across the organization and contribute to the wider data science practice.
Team responsibilities include delivering the following:
Data infrastructure - Dashboards and key metrics, audience segmentation, exploratory analysis and forecasting of trends, marketing attribution, experimentation
Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholders.
Work closely with cross-functional teams.
Mentor and coach other data scientists.
Work from New York, leading research across our global markets.
Who you are
You know how to understand and solve loosely defined problems and come up with relevant answers and actionable insights to guide product development decisions.
You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense and demonstrated ability to work with other disciplines.
You have relevant experience, with a degree in economics, psychology, computer science, statistics, or mathematics or another quantitative discipline
You have the technical competence to perform advanced analytics: coding skills (such as Python, Java, or Scala), experience with analytics & visualization tools (Pandas, R, SPSS, SQL, Hadoop, Tableau), and experience performing analysis with large datasets.
You possess strong statistical competence (such as regression modeling, a/b testing, significance testing etc).
You have worked in an analytics role within a business or monetization focus or at an advertising, media or technology company (preferred, not necessary).
You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
