Vettery is changing the way people hire and get hired. We use machine learning and real-time data to match talented job-seekers with inspiring companies. Our goal is to enrich and automate the recruiting process, make hiring more rewarding for everyone, and create a happier and more accountable working world.

Since launching in 2015, we've made thousands of matches on our marketplace. We're currently working with over 80,000 job-seekers and 20,000 companies, from Fortune 500 giants to startups based out of co-working spaces. We've built powerful machine learning capabilities, and our matching algorithm is becoming more intelligent with each passing day. With an eye on the future, we're expanding our reach across major cities in the US, and around the globe.

As Vettery undergoes growth and changes, our Analytics team delivers the data and insights needed across all departments for a data-driven approach to scalability. As a Data Analyst at Vettery, you will work directly with our Director of Analytics to get the right data to the right people, and figure out what 'right' is.

Key responsibilities and expectations:
Collaborate with key stakeholders across the company to understand their needs and how we can leverage data to improve their processes
Create reports and dashboards that will give insight into areas previously unexplored, including Product Analytics, Finance Metrics, Marketing Attribution, and more
Support the Director of Analytics in developing data-driven strategic proposals that have far-reaching impacts on the company's growth
Learn! Quickly learn new skills, technologies, and business context. There's nothing you can't do… there's only what you can't do yet
Candidate Qualifications:
0-1+ years of experience in analytics (or related field)
Willingness to be hands-on with data and a capacity to build processes
Strong communication skills and a desire to collaborate with others
A passion for improving the recruiting experience
A growth mindset, willingness to learn as you go, and a strong tendency to Google stuff you don't already know!
Experience with Microsoft Excel, including data manipulation, charting, and advanced functions
Experience with SQL and relational database management
Experience working with data visualization is a plus
Knowledge of data analytics environments (python, R) is a plus
With the above said, we understand that no candidate is perfectly qualified for any job and believe that diversity of background and thought makes for better problem solving and creative thinking, which is why we're dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team. Even more important than your resume is a positive attitude, passion for the work, personal drive for growth, and the ability to thrive in a fluid and collaborative environment. We want you to learn new things in this role, and we encourage you to apply even if your experience doesn't align perfectly to what is listed here.

Vettery has five key values that are the foundation of our company culture, which every employee embodies:
Positivity - We're positive when things get difficult so we can stay motivated and lift each other up. We're very team focused in everything we do so contagious positive energy is extremely impactful.
Ownership - We take pride in our work and take on a lot of responsibility from day one. All of us have the ability to see how our work and performance impact the success of the business.
Grit - We love getting in the trenches and building from the ground up. Even though we've significantly grown since our tiny startup days, we still have that scrappy mentality and love that there's still a lot to accomplish.
Awareness - We're focused, strategic, and constantly learning from our experiences. Each of us knows what's expected of us as a corporate citizen and within our teams.
Collaboration - We learn from one another and are constantly working with each other, within and across teams. Every team has an impact on others and we take pride in clear lines of communication.
Why you'll love working at Vettery:

We love coming to work on Monday. It's easy to love the work you do when you see the positive impact it has, and helping someone find their dream job can change their life forever. We believe in our mission, love the work, and have fun doing it together. Plus, coming to work in our sunny Flatiron office is easy when there are so many things to look forward to: Flag Football games, Thursday Game Night, Cross-Team lunches, company happy hours, volunteer events, adorable pups, ping-pong, and your favorite snacks.

We know life is about more than just work. We have an open vacation policy so you can take the time you need to relax and rejuvenate, contribute to the cost of insurance coverage (health, vision, and dental), and offer a fully paid 12-week parental leave, 401k, commuter benefits, and gym membership discounts.

We invest in your development. A company is only as strong as its team, and we want to help strengthen every member of our team. We give everyone the opportunities and support they need to reach that next professional level through company-sponsored General Assembly classes and conferences, in-house training, a culture of continuous feedback, and the chance to run with projects.

We're consistently recognized for our culture. We're listed #5 on Fortune's 60 Best Companies to Work for in New York City, included in Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology for 2020, and have been previously honored at Crain's Best Places to Work Awards and included in Inc Best Workplaces.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Vettery values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.
