The Role

As a Data Scientist Product Manager you will be the bridge and connector of our Products and Data teams. You will use data to develop product roadmaps and drive business value projects with different business stakeholders. You will be able to effectively communicate product vision driven by data, and evangelize the vision and accomplishments of the Data Science Team across Thrasio. This job requires dealing with advanced statistical concepts on a daily basis. If that is exciting, this is the job for you.

You are a Product Manager who has always used data to drive decisions!

You will
Manage and own Data Science Team roadmap and help quantify business value of projects.
Gather stakeholder requirements for data science projects and help translate them into actionable steps for project members.
Set and communicate product vision across the organization.
Manage technical efforts and interface between Data Scientists, Software Engineers, and the Thrasio organization. You will help in supporting the productionization of data science projects.
Evangelize data science to the broader organization to ensure project buy-in. Bridge the gap between technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Work with assorted teams, including analytics to ensure data quality both going in and coming out of Data Science models and other products.
Push the Data Scientists to achieve higher quality results by keeping modelling efforts grounded in business needs and ensuring that mathematical modelling methods are appropriate for a given solution.
Develop appropriate training materials for data science tools and ensure that the tools are fully documented
Create and curate tasks for software engineers
What you bring to the party
4+ years of product management experience is an absolute requirement along with cross functional project management
Ability to translate between business and technical requirements
Experience building and evaluating data driven models
Proven ability to collaborate and work across an organization building high functioning partnerships that perpetuate a collaborative work environment
Familiarity with database, visualization, and data science tools e.g. SQL, Python, APIs
Must be able to garner and hold the respect of the Data Scientists Team
Conferred Bachelor of Science or Arts or equivalent work experience
Work onsite at Thrasio's NYC (Penn Station area) post pandemic
Ability to work independently and/or within a collaborative team structure
Affable and collaborative teammate who thrives within an inclusive team and company where individual choices are respected and supportive
Highly organized with critical attention to details, along with good time and priority task management
Strong communication skills in two parts: 1.) very strong writing skills utilizing the rules of English grammar; 2.) verbally clear, concise, and grammatically correct oral (speaking) communication skills in English
Plusses, not required
Conferred Master or Ph.D. degree
Proficient in one additional language other than English, such as (but not limited to), French, Spanish, Portuguese, German, Dutch, Italian, Russian, Korean, Japanese, Mandarin, Vietnamese, etc
