Description FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION email Valerie Nielsen at Valerie.Nielsenrht.com with your resume titled Data Analyst The Position Data Analyst Location El Segundo, CA Please note this is a direct hire (not contract) Target Salary 70,000 Data Analyst You didn't get to where you are by following an expected path. You follow your instincts, while everyone around you sits back and waits for life to happen. You are a catalyst, an agent of change. You're smart, energetic, and aggressive. You possess an entrepreneurial spirit. You are inquisitive, innovative, and resourceful. You have a fresh perspective. Our client is looking to build out their team from and bring on a Data Analyst! Requirements Top Requirements 1-MS Excel and VBA 2-1+ years of experience 3-Degree in IT, computer science, or other relevant field 3-Access -nice to have 4-MS Excel cert- nice to have and understanding of basic legal or bankruptcy concepts helpful FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION email Valerie Nielsen at Valerie.Nielsenrht.com with your resume titled Data Analyst Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
