About Us


Riskified is the AI platform powering the eCommerce revolution. We use cutting-edge technology, machine-learning algorithms, and behavioral analytics to identify legitimate customers and keep them moving toward checkout. Merchants use Riskified to increase revenue, prevent fraud, and eliminate customer friction. Riskified has reviewed hundreds of millions of transactions and approved billions of dollars of revenue for merchants across virtually all industries, including a number of Fortune 500 companies.

About the Role


The Market and Sales Analytics Data Scientist, is responsible for supporting the strategic analytical requirements for the global sales team. These requirements may include new market identification, market/account segmentation, new product opportunities and return on investment. This role reports into the Vice President, Revenue Operations, and will partner closely with the Sales Leadership team and cross functional stakeholders including marketing, finance, product management, and human resources. This role will require the candidate to have expertise in complex analytics, modeling, database creation/manipulation, and solid communication skills.

What You'll Be Doing
Support Riskified's data science/analytics requirements for the implementation of strategic growth initiatives in the areas of sales, business development, new market access and new product introduction.
Collaborate with cross-company partners and stakeholders in marketing, product management, and finance.
Create and analyze large market, competitive intelligence, commercial and e-commerce data sets to answer questions related to growth initiatives in the areas of go to market (GTM) strategy, market/account segmentation, territory creation, and capital/resource allocation.
Ability to manage large data sets from primary market research and secondary sources to mine additional insights with comprehensive skill in Python, R and SQL. Ability to combine/enhance data bases to conduct this analysis.
Prepare comprehensive analytical flows in support of critical business decisions.
Create clear and concise analytics/reports for the commercial team, utilizing storytelling techniques and a deep comfort with field sales concepts
Respond to ad hoc requests for key commercial and business insights
Ensure that appropriate analytical techniques and data sources are fully leveraged for incoming analytics requests
Evaluate, recommend and communicate appropriate models/techniques and industry knowledge to enable other team members to answer business questions
Support data infrastructure and process improvements
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in business, economics, statistics, mathematics, or another analytical field
4+ years of experience in quantitative analytical or forecasting experience
Strong analytical, planning and organizational skills are a must. You will be performing the tasks and managing your tasks.
Deep understanding of the types of analyses and insights that can be drawn from using data and the ability to act as an advisor and speak effectively to sales leaders about the meaning of analyses done
Complete understanding of data quality, validation and compliance processes ensuring accuracy in metrics and communicating discrepancies clearly, prior to being presented to stakeholders
Knowledge of coding techniques in R or Python, SQL and VBA, and advanced Excel skills; comfort with reporting production and automation techniques
Experience with Tableau and Salesforce
Proven track record of influencing project teams to execute plans and obtain results
Proven ability to make complex decisions when dealing with ambiguity.
Ability to link strategy to clearly actionable initiatives.
Sense of urgency to deliver both short-term and long-term results.
Team player with a proactive and collaborative approach.
Strong ability to work across functions.
Life at Riskified


We are a fast-growing and dynamic startup with 500+ team members between our offices in Tel Aviv and New York City. We value collaboration and innovative thinking. We're looking for bright, driven, and passionate people to grow with us.

Some NYC Benefits & Perks:
Fully-covered medical, dental, and vision insurance from your first day
Stock options for all employees, 401(k) + matching, commuter benefits
Catered lunch, team events, healthy snacks, yoga, pilates, soccer league, and more
In The News


Fortune Magazine: 25 Best Workplaces in New York

Announcing Riskified's $165M Funding Round

Inc Magazine: Best Workplaces

Built In NYC: 100 Best Workplaces

Crain's: Best Places to Work in New York City

TechCrunch: Riskified Prevents Fraud on Your Favorite eCommerce Site

Calcalist: Riskified is the Most Promising Startup in 2019

Riskified is deeply committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law.
