Job Description
Machine Learning Engineer - Aliso Viejo, CA

AWM Smart Shelf is reinventing retail and looking for smart, talented people to work on building exciting applications. The initial focus of this position is working on AWM Frictionless which is a cashierless-shopping solution for shoppers to be able to grab what they want from a store and simply walk out.

Our solution uses real-time computer vision and deep learning to determine what shoppers take. We're looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to run with the selection, training, and evaluation of our item and action recognition models.

If your ML background is not in image processing, but something like NLP or finance, you may still be a great fit! We’re looking for nimble, practical problem solvers and we value a diversity of perspectives.

We tinker, experiment, and hack on many different approaches and love people who aren't afraid to jump around. A successful Machine Learning Engineer will rapidly iterate – failing fast to identify the most promising paths forward.

If this sounds like fun, we'd love to hear from you!

THE JOB
Implement machine learning models for item classification and action recognition
Ability to evaluate model performance and monitor the training process
Adapt existing models to better handle problems specific to our domain
Integrate models into our production pipeline for real-time processing
Test cutting-edge models on our custom datasets
WHO YOU ARE
Someone who executes – a focus on action and results - can self-manage to timelines and deliver
Practical coding knowledge (Python preferred) to quickly iterate on training and testing models
Understanding of CNNs and the tradeoffs of different architectures
Knowledge of best practices in machine learning
NICE TO HAVE (but not mandatory)
Experience with video data
Experience with distributive training in the cloud
Experience with sequence modeling
Relevant education in an undergraduate or graduate program
WHAT WE OFFER
A dynamic environment where you can make an impact using the latest technologies
Paid vacation and sick time
Health benefits
Opportunity for growth
401k plan
Potential for employee stock option plan participation
**PLEASE APPLY TO BE CONSIDERED**
Company Description
Please visit www.smartshelf.com to learn more and watch videos of our solutions.
