About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary

ConcertAI is looking for a Strategic Data Scientist with real-world data (RWD) experience to oversee implementation of ConcertAI's leading Real-world data products and clinical cloud and AI solutions in a customer-facing role. In this role you will deliver training, consultation, and related analytics support services to client organizations within our strategic partnerships to ensure that the optimal value from ConcertAI products are realized. The successful candidate will have experience with real-world data study design, data analytic skills, and a deep understanding of all of ConcertAI's data products and technology platform functionality. This role reports to the Vice President, Data Products.
Responsibilities
Establish and maintain relationships with key partner stakeholders at strategic partner sites and serve as the liaison to provide expert support on all data and technology features and projects.
Lead training activities for strategic client partners, providing presentations and consultation to maximize the value obtained from data products and technology solutions.
Provide scientific and methodological direction for observational research on ConcertAI real-world data using eureka Health (technology).
Contribute to the development of study protocols, statistical analysis plans , programming specification and output documents
Access internal stakeholders as needed to support partner aims, including team members from Outcomes Services (OSS), Data Science, Patient Engagement, and other areas relevant to partner needs
Coordinate delivery schedules, manage client expectations, and assure successful integration of products and technology into partner workflows.
Identify barriers to partner implementation of ConcertAI products and technologies, and works with internal and client stakeholders to develop implementation strategies and deploy and solutions.
Own the client relationship and evangelize ConcertAI's capabilities in client and partner settings.
Manage eureka Health pre-sales and post-sales efforts in partnership with business development and product teams.
Engage with and present to executives, data science teams, and clinical teams.
Supervise execution of projects within a matrix environment, including coordinating project activities, participating in client-facing project meetings, providing guidance and leadership when analyzing research findings, developing results presentations and recommendations, and validating deliverables.
Requirements
PhD, MD or equivalent in AI/Machine Learning, Data Science, statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology or in a related discipline.
5+ years experience in life Science or biotech industry in a Data Science role.
2+ years of experience in a client-facing role supporting real-world data (RWD) client projects would be a plus.
2+ years of experience in (RWD) study design, data preparation, and data modeling.
Excellent time management skills, contributing to multiple projects with competing timelines.
Experience designing and executing prospective or retrospective database studies.
Publications in peer reviewed journals and/or abstracts in scientific conferences.
Proven experience working with large, individual-level data sets or in a (RWD) data analyst role.
Strong programming skills in Python, R and deep knowledge of (RWD) data sets and how best to select the right data sources given the study question at hand.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .
