The Personalization team makes deciding what to play next easier and more enjoyable for every listener. From Daily Mix to Discover Weekly, we’re behind some of Spotify’s most-loved features. We built them by understanding the world of music and podcasts better than anyone else. Join us and you’ll keep millions of users listening by making great recommendations to each and every one of them.

Spotify’s Personalization Mission is looking for an experienced statistically-minded data scientist to join our Product Insights team to work on some of our complex statistical modeling and causal attribution efforts.

This role sits within the central research team in our Product Insights group at Personalization responsible for developing our capabilities in measuring the performance and impact of our models and features, and developing foundational research knowledge, methods and tools.

Working with a team of data scientists, user researchers and data engineers you will make imaginative and creative contributions to our approaches in statistical modeling and attribution, introducing methods and setting the standards for our statistical work, supporting and developing a best-in-class approach.
What You'll Do:
Build lasting solutions to experimentation and attribution modeling
Commit to ensuring industry-leading best practices for experimental design and statistical analysis
Contribute to the development of the Product Insights function and the wider analytics community at Spotify
Work from our offices in New York
Who You Are:
You will have at least 5 years experience in applied research and statistical modeling with a degree or higher (MS/PhD) in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, or similar field
Significant expertise in experimentation methodologies
Significant breadth and depth of statistics/ML knowledge
High level of ability in R or Python
Competence with SQL and experience performing analysis on large datasets
You are capable of taking on loosely defined problems and translating complex thinking into practical application for diverse audiences
You are a communicative person who values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners and enjoys mentoring and teaching others
You bring passion and playfulness to your work and those around you
You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
,.
