At Northwestern Mutual, we are strong, innovative and growing. We invest in our people. We care and make a positive difference.

Responsibilities
Applies and integrates advanced statistical, mathematical, data mining, predictive modeling and business analysis skills and techniques to discover and identify new insights, predict and prescribe outcomes, advise on turning new insights into actionable opportunities and outcomes, and provide the tracking and measurement of results.
Develop solutions, mathematical models, algorithms, machine learning techniques, and robust analytics to support analytic insights and visualization of complex data sets for productization and monetization.
Models need constant refitting as data changes over time.Interprets available internal and external data resources to develop and deliver information solutions, including analytical information.
Applies creative problem solving and inter-departmental networking to address data and information needs across the enterprise.
Shares best practices with peers through coaching and mentoring around core methodologies, patterns, standards and processes.
Through a clear understanding of the assigned business area, utilizes technical skills to access and extract data from diverse sources residing on multiple platforms and implement large, complex data models and information solutions by combining, synthesizing and structuring data from various data sources.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Econometrics or related field 5+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics to drive significant business impact or to develop data/algorithm-based products
Statistical knowledge and intuition - ideally utilized in A/B testingExperience with distributed databases and query languages like Hive, Spark, Scala, or PigProgramming
Experience with a scripting language such as Python, Perl, Java, or RubyProficiency with a statistical analysis tool such as R or SASRelational, and/or columnar data experience requiredExperience with SQLMachine learning experience
Ability to tell a story with data - What does the analysis tell you? What do you think the business should do next? Why do you think what is happening, is happening?
Ability to influence others with the story of what you're seeing in the data to make business recommendations
Ability and desire to mentor other team members through projects independently from start to finish, working with internal and external teams to make decisions and maintain momentum
Excellent time and project management skills, with the ability to manage detail work and communicate project status effectively to all levels
Proven track record in meeting aggressive deadlines
Master's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Econometrics or related fieldPhD in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field.
This job is not covered by the existing Collective Bargaining Agreement.

Grow your career with a best-in-class company that puts our client’s interests at the center of all we do. Get started now!


We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age or status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.
