Job Title:

eCommerce Analytics Manager

About Bombas:


Bombas is a comfort focused apparel brand with a mission to help those in need. The company launched in 2013, after the founders learned that socks are the #1 most requested clothing item at homeless shelters. From there, they set out to solve that problem, donating a pair of socks for every pair they sell. How do you donate a lot of socks? You sell a lot. And how do you sell a lot? You make the most comfortable socks in the history of feet. Over twenty five million pairs sold and donated later, Bombas is continuing to innovate with new socks and apparel while creating a positive impact on the community where we all work and live.

At Bombas, comfort is heavily rooted in our DNA. While striving to provide comfort for all, we welcome and celebrate minds from all backgrounds regardless of age, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, religion and/or ethnicity. We highly encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply. Come as you are and we'll welcome you to the Hive.

Click here to see what it's like to work inside the Bombas Hive!

About the Job:


We are looking for a passionate, agile and highly motivated thought leader to join our Data & Analytics team as our eCommerce Analytics Manager, reporting directly to our Sr. Manager of Analytics. The ideal candidate has 3-5 years of experience in using analytics to fully understand how users engage with their product by analyzing users digital footprints step-by-step to see what leads them to engage, return, or churn. And enable product owners, designers, and developers use this data to guide their decisions.

What you'll be responsible for:
Analytics: Provide analytical support to the digital product teams.
Surface data driven insights and recommendations that address opportunities for product improvements.
Provide Funnel optimization, user segmentation, cohort analysis, etc.
Reporting & Dashboard: Visualize data with templated or custom reports. Create effective reporting and dashboards.
Measurement: Be a thought leader in defining, analyzing and validating key metrics and hypotheses to inform decision-making and measure the success of product teams
Data Tracking: Partner with product managers, developers, data architects, and vendors to implement & maintain analytics tags to capture customer digital footprints
Data Transfer: Be the liaison between business stakeholders and Analytics Engineering to define the ETL structure for consolidating data into consistent and reliable datasets for analysis and reporting
A/B Test: Be a thought leader in scoping, prioritizing and interpreting tests on messaging or features.
Stakeholder Management: Serve as the point of contact between the product and analytics. Establish and maintain periodic stakeholder meetings. Educate around BI tools and drive consistent usage
What we'll love about you:


Mastery of SQL and experience with BI reporting tools (i.e.Looker, Periscope, Google Analytics) and databases (dimensional and relational), including data ingestion
Experience partnering with individuals at all levels, in multiple departments
Proven track record of conducting technical, yet easily digestible (to a non-technical audience) analyses that drive strategic decisions & initiatives
Possess strong communication and presentation skills - passionate about storytelling via data
Strong project and process management with proven ability for planning, scheduling & coordinating
Belief in our mission and understand the importance of giving-back
Inquisitive, love to learn, embrace failure, and never give up
Comfortable working in an open office environment while staying focused
What you'll love about us:


We are a team of smart, interesting, diverse, funny, and loving people.
We offer competitive compensation, 100% paid health benefits, 401k with match, snacks, socks and a fun, relaxed office environment.
We take the responsibility to make sure you are excited, happy, and find fulfillment in your work very seriously.
We value fun. This is why we host office lunches, offsite team outings, and a bi-annual company retreat.
We believe in giving back to the community and helping those in need, which is why we volunteer as a team regularly.
We believe success comes from the collective effort of all, which is why all full-time employees receive equity in the business.
We offer flexible paid time off for all full-time employees. This includes unlimited vacation, sick days, and wellness days because we understand the value of health, relaxation, spending time with friends and family, and traveling the world.
We believe a healthy body equals a healthy mind, so we offer a $100 monthly health and wellness reimbursement.
What you'll bring:


5+ years in business intelligence/analytics field, specifically for digital products team (covering both exploratory phase and engagement/retention phase)
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field\
Extremely strong SQL skills
A self-starter: Can drive projects with minimal guidance.
Plethora of experience in project, process and stakeholder management
Extremely skilled at creating reports and dashboards in BI reporting tools (Looker, Google Analytics, Periscope, etc)
Solid understanding of ETL, data warehousing and data modeling concepts and practices
Basic R or Python skills (not required, but preferred)
If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any employment testing, or otherwise participating in this hiring process, please direct your inquiries to our Director of Talent Acquisition at nick.sottile@bombas.com. Requests only related to accommodations will be responded to.
