Job Description
The mission of the Public Health Laboratory is to safeguard the health of all New York City residents by providing quality laboratory testing services that address the needs of the NYC DOHMH and its community partners to prevent and respond to clinical and environmental public health concerns. This is an excellent opportunity to join our team and continue to make history at the world's first municipal public health laboratory. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH) Public Health Laboratory (PHL) is seeking to hire a City Research Scientist Level I for the role of Covid-19 Data Analyst position.
Run queries and reports to generate Covid-19 data outputs for subsequent analyses
Data cleaning, assembling datasets of laboratory testing results
Conduct data analyses on Covid-19 outbreak investigation data using Excel/SAS/SPSS/R
Participate in ongoing research Covid-19 investigations/grant projects at the NYC Public Health Laboratory
Assist in Covid-19 operations projects including but not limited to temperature monitoring, inventory reports, resource requests
Assist in liaising between PHL leadership, testing supervisors and other DOHMH bureaus requesting Covid-19 test results
Minimum Qual Requirements
1. For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological or environmental science or in public health.
To be appointed to Assignment Level II and above, candidates must have:
A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one year of full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or
A master's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and three years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or
Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least a master's degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in "2" above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level I can be substituted for the experience required in "1" and "2" above.
NOTE:
Probationary Period
Appointments to this position are subject to a minimum probationary period of one year.
Preferred Skills
*Candidates must have good data analysis, communication, organization and writing skills
ArcGis skills are preferred
Additional Information
Additional Information

*IMPORTANT NOTES TO ALL CANDIDATES:

Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as:
• A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver’s license.

• Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title.

• Current Resume

• Proof of Address/NYC Residency dated within the last 60 days, such as: Recent Utility Bill (i.e. Telephone, Cable, Mobile Phone)

Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting’s “Minimum Qualification Requirements” section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.

If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card.
*LOAN FORGIVENESS
The federal government provides student loan forgiveness through its Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) to all qualifying public service employees. Working with the DOHMH qualifies you as a public service employee and you may be able to take advantage of this program while working full-time and meeting the program’s other requirements.

Please visit the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program site to view the eligibility requirements:

https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/public-service

"FINAL APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET APPROVAL”
To Apply
Apply online with a cover letter to https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/. In the Job ID search bar, enter: job ID number # 441623.

We appreciate the interest and thank all applicants who apply, but only those candidates under consideration will be contacted.

The NYC Health Department is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and culturally responsive workforce. We strongly encourage people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and gender non-conforming persons to apply.

All applicants will be considered without regard to actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, age, prior record of arrest; or any other basis prohibited by law.
Residency Requirement
New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
