NYU Grossman School of Medicine is one of the nation's top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU Grossman School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the Grossman School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Position Summary:

We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst.

In this role, the successful candidate The Ophthalmic Imaging Research Laboratory in the Department of Ophthalmology is seeking a Data Analyst. Responsibilities will include management of all historical and on-going research data, including databases, images, patient health record information, etc. The individual will be responsible for all data collection and organization. The individual must have at least an undergraduate degree in data or computer science. A background in database programming, data cleaning and query creation is advantageous but not required. Must be able to work independently as well as with a group and have excellent interpersonal skills. Must be extremely organized and pay close attention to detail.

Job Responsibilities:
Image analysis including the processing of the images captured using state of the art prototype imaging software.
Export of clinical images and raw image data for further processing.
Production of new tools and methods to streamline laboratory productivity.
Creation of custom data sets for students and researchers on an ad hoc basis.
Aggregation of data from multiple sources.
Management, clean up, and optimization of a database containing large data sets.
Extraction of information from patient medical records. This will require discrete handling of sensitive patient related information including the de-identification of datasets.
Responsible for all research data collection and organization from historical and on-going studies. This responsibility will be done following a strict timeline.
Minimum Qualifications:

To qualify you must have a 2 years experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience with at least an undergraduate degree in physical sciences or computer science. A background in database programming, data cleaning and query creation is advantageous. The incumbent must be willing to work with minimal supervision or independently under a strict timeline. Some analytical skills will be required. The incumbent must proficient with regards to data collection and analysis. Will not involve any financial responsibility/accountability.

Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you'll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.

If you wish to view NYU Grossman School of Medicine's EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal "EEO is the law" poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here.
