Do you want to be part of a team that encourages your growth, supports your ambitions and makes it a priority for you to reach your goals? Is helping people part of who you are? At MassMutual, we help millions of people find financial freedom, offer financial protection and plan for the future. We do this by building trust with our customers by being knowledgeable problem solvers and prioritize their needs above all else. We Live Mutual.

Description




Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We’re people helping people.

A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other.

Position Summary:

MassMutual’s Advanced Analytics group is seeking an exceptional, highly motivated and self-directed cyber security lead data scientist. In this role, you will perform data-driven research, problem solving, and algorithm development through the systematic application of mathematics, statistics and computer science as well as cutting edge data technologies. Results of this work manifest themselves in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications, web applications, predictive algorithms, and APIs.

This is an opportunity to join a small but growing high performing team with diverse backgrounds in applied math, computer science and physics that have been tasked with developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from a strategic data asset. Our work revolves around studying fundamental and high impact business questions that directly impact the direction of the company and industry at large.

Overall Responsibility:
Set strategy and assume a leadership role in cyber security domain expertise
Develop roadmaps for projects and services, data, and technology
Oversee operations of algorithm and system deployments
Partner with executive leadership to ensure alignment of data science initiatives and company strategy
Lead projects and research initiatives
Develop algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications
Design and analyze experiments
Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems
Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations
Mentor junior team members
Candidate Requirements:
Industry recognized cyber security expertise
7+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems
7+ years developing of probabilistic models and machine learning algorithms
Proficient level of understanding in the following areas and an expert in at least one: machine learning, probability and statistics (esp. Bayesian methods), natural language processing, operations research
Exceptional problem solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies
Expert in data analysis using R or Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) programming languages
Knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript, d3.js and web application frameworks (Flask, Django, Play!, etc.)
Knowledge of NoSQL systems, Hadoop/map-reduce, Spark, Hbase, etc.
Experience in database design and SQL
Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment
Outstanding communication skills (publication history a plus)
Education - M.S. or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.) is required

CORE VALUES
Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy.
Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies.
Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential.
Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, and one brand.
Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day.
Why Join Us.

We’ve been around since 1851. During our history, we’ve learned a few things about making sure our customers are our top priority. In order to meet and exceed their expectations, we must have the best people providing the best thinking, products and services. To accomplish this, we celebrate an inclusive, vibrant and diverse culture that encourages growth, openness and opportunities for everyone. A career with MassMutual means you will be part of a strong, stable and ethical business with industry leading pay and benefits. And your voice will always be heard.

Recognized as a 2019 World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual.

MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply. Note: Veterans are welcome to apply, regardless of their discharge status.
