Requisition ID: 54021

All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?
Responsibilities
Participate as part of a high-performing team supporting critical work for U.S. National Security Space. Apply cutting-edge skills in data science, data analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI), and/or big data to address a wide range of technical questions associated with the analysis of international space programs. Actively collaborate with well-established subject matter experts, inside and outside of Aerospace. Expand your own areas of expertise to be synergistic with the International Space Systems group within Project West Wing (PWW). Coordinate closely with the Data Management group to help facilitate an ongoing modernization effort that is critical to maintain and expand the unique capabilities at PWW. In this role, you will be expected to use your expertise in data science to serve as a force multiplier, as well as becoming an independent subject matter expert on international space systems.

Key Functions
Learn the existing methods of data analysis, data management, and technical reporting that are currently employed in Project West Wing.
Work under the guidance of existing subject matter experts in the International Space Systems group to develop new analytical, machine learning, and AI techniques and tools that will help improve the analytical throughput of the team.
Collaboratively interface with other experts in the community who are developing and applying modern data science techniques to enhance the ability to deal with large volumes of data that are complex and difficult to interpret.
Support and conduct detailed technical analyses of current and future space systems.
Identify short- and long-term technical challenges for a diverse customer base, including the USAF, the Intelligence Community, and other government and commercial customers.
Prepare technical reports, briefings, and other deliverable materials as required.
Critically review reports, briefings, and other materials produced by team members.
Support and develop customer relationships.
Occasional travel required (1-2x a year) for presentations and meetings with Aerospace/PWW personnel and U.S. Government agencies throughout the country. International travel to conferences or meetings is possible.
Qualifications
Required
Demonstrated expertise and experience in Data Science
Demonstrated experience with space systems and/or space operations
Highly motivated self-starter capable of both working independently and collaborating with teams
Flexibility to learn, build, and test new tools/capabilities
An affinity for challenging puzzles and problem solving is a plus
Superior written and oral communication skills; requires the ability to work well with other analysts and communicate to senior military and civilian customers
Strong interest and enthusiasm for understanding global space activities and operations
Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science/Engineering, Engineering, Mathematics, or Physical Sciences
Active TS/SCI clearance
A minimum of 8 years of progressively more responsible and related engineering/scientific experience
Preferred
Advanced degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science/Engineering, Engineering, Mathematics, or Physical Sciences
Background in space systems engineering, space domain awareness, space system data analysis, or related fields
Understanding of astrodynamics fundamentals and experience with related analysis tools such as STK (Systems [previously Satellite] Took Kit) or SOAP (Aerospace’s Satellite Orbit Analysis Program)
Proficiency with Linux, UNIX, Python, MATLAB, and/or other scripting/programming languages
Experience with fusing and analyzing information from multiple sources and extrapolating to answer questions
Prior experience and familiarity with USAF and IC agencies and organizations
Reading comprehension and translation skills in selected foreign languages is of interest
Transcript Requirement
Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

Clearance Requirement: Top Secret

Access: SCI

Polygraph: Counter Intelligence Polygraph

Relocation Available: Yes

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

All Aerospace employees working in organizations with technical responsibilities are required to apply for and maintain at least a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required for those positions.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, national origin, protected veteran status, physical disability, medical condition, mental disability, or disability status and any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. If you’re an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran who needs assistance using our online job search and application tools or need reasonable accommodation to complete the job application process, please contact us by phone at 310.336.5432 or by email at ieo.mailbox@aero.org. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
