Job Description
Company Mission and Highlights:

mPulse Mobile, the leader in Conversational AI solutions for the healthcare industry, drives improved health outcomes and business efficiencies by engaging individuals with tailored and meaningful dialogue. mPulse Mobile combines behavioral science, analytics and industry expertise that helps healthcare organizations activate their consumers to adopt healthy behaviors. With over a decade of experience, 70+ healthcare customers and more than 150 million conversations annually, mPulse Mobile has the data, the expertise and the solutions to drive healthy behavior change.

Our Core Values:
Model Integrity and Collaboration
Drive Innovation and Thought Leadership
Support Decision Making at All Levels
Create Value for Clients by Empowering Consumers
Improve Customer Experience Through Simple Design
Celebrate Success… Often
Purpose of the Role:

The mission of the Behavioral Data Science Team is to design and develop tailored content and algorithms driven by behavioral science and data analytics that drive better patient engagement and health outcomes. The Behavioral Data Science will assist with several projects relating to disease management and behavior change using mobile messaging.

We need someone who is comfortable with using data to track, understand and improve our programs. The Behavioral Data Science will also assist and manage the successful delivery of innovative solutions which includes troubleshooting the mobile solution, tracking user responses, collecting and summarizing data, writing new content and evaluating program needs. This requires a multidisciplinary blend of data handling, behavioral science and program coordination. The candidate should have experience working within behavioral science, have excellent organizational skills, be highly adaptable, be able to work independently and be able to work well as a member of a team.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Testing interactive text message workflows that engage users and drive them to be more activated about their health – whether making an appointment to see a doctor or taking on a health challenge to walk 10k steps every day for a week.
Gathering demographic data about different populations (age, income, ethnicity, zip code, etc.) to help the team build a model that uses the social determinants of health as a predictor of health and behavior change.
Analyzing patient responses to our messages to identify whether our message handling rules need to be changed or added.
Generate statistical reports to track performance using SQL, Excel, R and Tableau for data extraction, analysis, and visualization.
Helping generate new content to improve our behavior change programs.
Skills, Abilities, and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in cognitive psychology or cognitive science
Experience in healthcare industry preferred
1-2 years of experience with SQL, Excel and R or Python
3-5 years of non-academic experience working in health care or behavioral science with a substantial portion of that time related to understanding consumer engagement, using data analytics, and tracking outcomes of innovative programs and policies. Candidates do not need to have experience in all of these areas but should have solid experience in at least one of them.
Strong writing and content development skills
Experience in research methods in behavioral science and exploratory data analysis
Intense intellectual curiosity – strong desire to always be learning new technologies
Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving difficult problems
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively – verbally and in writing
Extensive experience working with messy and diverse data-sets to generate both qualitative and quantitative analyses. (Our data at mPulse comes from a range of sources and is mostly unstructured and qualitative data. As a result, extracting relevant features from this data requires experience working with complex behavioral and social sciences data rather than conventional “big” data).
Have extensive experience pulling data from RDBMS using SQL for data analysis, data modeling and feature engineering; ability to write scripts using Python or R for data manipulation
Hands-on knowledge and experience with ML algorithms such as Bayesian classifiers, clustering, neural networks (CNN, RNN, deep learning, etc.), SVM, and decision trees. Have used in at least one or more of the following frameworks: Tensorflow, SciKit-learn, NumPy, Pandas, Weka, etc.
Health care domain expertise (i.e., expertise in impact evaluation, data analysis and intervention design as it relates to health and healthcare)
Experience with authoring project reports, briefs, and webinar presentations
Experience working with Tableau
Minimum Experience:
Advanced degree (or Bachelor's degree with relevant experience) in economics, psychology, sociology or statistics.
Thorough understanding and hands on experience with implementing behavioral science and/or behavioral economics theories within patient engagement programs
Behavioral Competencies:
Results oriented with a strong sense of urgency, and able to pivot as requirements change
Strong verbal and written skills for communicating with fellow team members and clients
Able to take charge and thrive in uncharted territory and with complex and ambiguous problems
Highly curious and able to independently learn new methodologies, tools, and processes as needed
Strong aptitude and passion for healthcare, technology and technology related innovation
Values accuracy and quality, is very detail oriented, and is highly organized
The Perks:
Enjoy flexible PTO and work hours
Full Vision, Dental and Healthcare - all individual premiums paid by mPulse!
401K Program with a 100% match of first 4%
3 Weeks Paid Maternity/Paternity Leave
Weekly team lunches to celebrate victories
Paid Parking as well as Car Pooling incentives
Laptop fitness stations
Ping pong conference table and Foosball
Free snacks and drinks
Contact Information:

mPulse Mobile, Inc.

Attn: HR Dept.

16530 Ventura Blvd, Suite #500

Encino, CA 91436

careers@mpulsemobile.com

(mPulse is an Equal Opportunity Employer)

Powered by JazzHR

FF5PoEzbdl
