Data Analysis ? Performs complex research, analysis, and reporting to support business operations.Data Analyst ? Health: Collects, analyzes and synthesizes data; develops information to guide business decision making for Blue Shield CA populations' health management, cost of health care management, quality of care, and network design and strategies.Essential Responsibilities:Mastery of P1 and P2 responsibilities.Interacts with internal and external customers to define complex reporting needs and specifications. Designs and implements complex report programming according to specifications.Presents effectively to internal and external customers on analytics/reports/presentationsthat are critical for their business continuity and decision making.Participates on internal and external task forces and committees to provide analytical insights and support for implementation of new programs, applications, products and services and enhancement of existing applications/systems.Other duties as assigned.? Requires an MPH, MBA, MS,MA in science, social science, public health, health svcs research or business, or BA/BS with demonstrated equivalent work experience. PhD preferred. Position also requires 3-5 years experience in Health Care (managed care, academic, or gov't payer), demonstrated ability to work with all clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD10, CPT, DRG, LOINC, RxHUB).? MS Office, esp. Excel and Access, Unix, SQL/PL-SQL,SAS.Must be able to develop new SAS programs and SQL scripts that improve the efficiency of the work of others. SAS Base and Adv. Certification preferred. Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau.? Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong presentation skills.? Typically, requires advanced knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. May have practical knowledge of project management.? Typically, requires a college degree or equivalent experience and minimum 5 years of prior relevant experience.
