The MIS Data Scientist documents, reviews, analyzes and evaluates business processes, systems and user needs; formulates requirements to parallel overall business strategies. Types of analysis and reporting may include: Senior management, operations, capacity and turn time modeling, workflow analysis, process improvement, compliance, financial and/or a variety of other function specific purposes. Identify process improvements, effects of change implementation and financial impact on the business. Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude. Ability to develop Qlik Reporting and/or.NET or REACT Applications will also be a plus.

Primary Responsibilities
Able to communicate at a very effective and high-level with managers, Sr managers, and executives
Be the SME for various Reporting implementations especially, Data Science/Analytics related
Work with various Stakeholder groups to develop forecasts and capacity models.
Work with the other Project Managers to ensure assigned milestones are delivered on time, within budget, and it meets or exceeds expectations.
Follow all quality assurance processes, including periodic reviews and transitions and ensures the end product fulfills the project objectives.
Prepare Training Material and User Manuals in cooperation with the Business Unit SME
Assist on other projects as needed, perform other related duties and special projects as required
Demonstrate professional behavior and teamwork, is punctual, dependable and adheres to company policies and procedures
Efficient work style with attention to detail and a strong sense of urgency.
Evidence the ability to work with all levels of management.
Monitor and report any gaps or risks to decrease or avoid any potential losses
Accepts other duties as assigned by MIS Manager
Ability to multi-task more than one assigned project at a time
Collaborate with management and staff in the development and implementation of all projects and/or initiatives related to operational goals and/or process improvement directives.
Qualifications
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
Strong data analysis/quantitative/technical aptitude with ability to quickly learn new metrics, processes, and dataset.
Expert++ level in analyzing data and be able to classify groups, predict trends and get meaning out of data.
Hands-on experience with one or more statistical analysis tools like R, Python, MATLAB, etc (must have)
3-5 years of experience, preferably across diverse Finance/MIS/Analytical and Operations roles. Proven history of delivering timely, high quality, senior manager-level reporting and analysis from diverse, complex data sources
Ideal candidate will have strong R/Python/Statistic experience (must have) along with Qlik experience (plus) along with statistical education/experience.Experience with other various Business Intelligence toolsets: Qlik(ideal), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau, Cognos, , Business Objects, SAS, etc (will be a plus)
Some application development exposure such as REACT, JAVA (a plus)
Strong data analysis/quantitative/technical aptitude with ability to quickly learn new metrics, processes, and datasets
Excellent communication ability with strong attention to detail
Ability to gather requirement and be a self starter
BS/MS in MIS or a quantitative discipline preferred
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
