The AI in Education at Expatiate Communications, aims to develop algorithms for the prediction of educational outcomes from attendance records, graduation rates , suspension and k-12 tst data. In order to achieve this goal, novel and creative machine learning and statistical analysis is needed. The candidates will be in charge of developing and implementing such algorithms on a variety of data sources and on a variety of educational outcomes. As an Educational Data Scientist , you will research and implement state-of-the-art AI algorithms, apply off-the-shelf AI and data-centric tools, collect, maintain and store user data. You have demonstrated competence in developing highly scalable artificial intelligence systems and ship projects with multiple dependencies across teams to achieve brilliant outcomes for customers.

The EDS shall focus on:
Designing, developing and implementing artificial intelligence algorithms and build scalable production systems focused on student achievement and educational options
Identifying creative uses of artificial intelligence and potential artificial intelligence innovations in k-12 education sector
Collaborate with a team of database experts and educational experts to address emerging client needs
Work environment: Our projects involve the collaboration with educational program and student data IT teams. The candidates will be expected to be good communicators, particularly with the ability to communicate in an interdisciplinary environment, where different individuals have different expertise. The work is highly practical and translational – the output of the work is improved computational tools using existing data that can be incorporated in Expatiate’s iTAAP and beyond. Experience testing various hypotheses using Bonferroni correction his highly desirable.

Job requirements:
The candidate needs to have at least an undergraduate degree in either computer science, engineering, informatics, or a related field.
A PhD degree in a related field is an advantage (but is not necessary).
Programming competence demonstrated in at least one or more of these programming languages: Python, R, Java, C++, Matlab.
Knowledge and deployment of advanced statistical and machine learning concepts used in big data analysis including nonparametric tests, ANOVA, mixed models, modern supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms such as SVM, Random Forest, PCA, Clustering, and Neural Networks.
Recognized expertise in at least 1-2 AI specialties (e.g., NLP, computer vision, Bayesian networks). Excellence as evidenced by publications in relevant journals, awards and accolades, or major commercial breakthroughs
Experience with architectural patterns of large, high-scale software applications, including the management of upstream and downstream dependencies and an ability to understand technical designs, challenges, trade offs, and risks
Ability to communicate clearly in an interdisciplinary environment.
Knowledge and experience working with genomic data or with educational records data is an advantage but it is not necessary.
Ability to work in a Linux environment – advantage
Software tool development experience: source control (git), packaging, documentation – advantage.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year

Experience:
Artificial Intelligence/ML: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Work from home
Flexible schedule
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
