Wellth is a fast-growing digital health startup with offices in Los Angeles and New York City. Our mission is to help people living with chronic conditions make healthier choices every day. Chronic disease is one of the largest challenges facing our nation. This challenge is largely created due to patient non-adherence to medications and care plans. Only about 50% of people with chronic conditions follow their care plan as prescribed. This creates enormous health and economic burdens on individuals, families, and communities that are largely preventable. Our platform deploys evidence-based interventions from behavioral economics through a mobile app to dramatically improve patient adherence, health outcomes, and costs of care. Wellth is at the forefront of designing powerful new tools rooted in behavioral science to deliver value to our customers: healthcare providers and insurers.

Behavioral Economics is at the heart of what we do. If you are a fan of books like Nudge, Freakonomics, and Predictably Irrational and were as excited as us that a Nobel Prize went to a professor of behavioral economics in 2017, then this is the place for you. Help us build and scale a platform that is helping hundreds of patients manage their care plan and improve their health. Visit us at www.wellthapp.com for more information.

We have created a smartphone app that uses the power of financial incentives to improve patient adherence. Our technology also provides valuable information to nurses and other healthcare professionals in the form of weekly adherence report cards and real-time alerts to help provide high-touch care to their patients. Patients check in every day by taking a photo of their medications in their hand.

Job Description

We are looking for a data geek that will turn our growing data into understandable information. This new role will provide data-driven insight across Wellth functions to help answer key questions, improving revenue, margins and users experiences and operational workflow. You will work with multiple systems and have exposure across the business. You speak SQL and love to go digging for answers and clues. Come help us grow Wellth leveraging the power of data!

Key Qualifications
2+ years using SQL and other data extraction methods to produce data that leads to answers, insight and supports decisions
A passion for providing data-driven insight that answers key questions, helping improve revenue, margins, users experiences and operational workflow
Extensive investigative skills - an ability to dive deep into the data and figure out whats really going on
Ability to walk someone through what data is being presented, where it comes from, and what it is telling us
Hands on experience creating polished, crisp reports or dashboards when appropriate for ongoing use
Get the right information to the right teams at the right time
Ability to work with multiple teams, set priorities, stay organized and work on multiple projects simultaneously
Regularly report key findings for strategic initiatives
Motivated by a fast-paced environment!
Key skills
Expert experience pulling large and complex data using SQL
Experience with different visualization approaches and when each are appropriate
Comfort with common statistical methods & analysis
Methodical, logical approach with excellent attention to detail
Experience with data visualization tools ( e.g. Periscope, Looker, Mode, Chartio, Tableau)
Strong proficiency in SQL (multiple years of experience)
Proficiency in statistical modeling working with Python/R
BONUS - Familiarity with AWS
BONUS - Familiarity with web analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics) and/or product analytics (e.g. Mixpanel, Amplitude)
We are open to individuals interested in Part-time/Full Time opportunities
