Req ID: 30202
Experience Level: Manager
Other Location(s): N/A
Relocation offered: [[req_relocation]]
Travel required: [[requiredTravel]]

Come grow with us

At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But it’s more than that. It’s smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another.

Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. You’ll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. You’ll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, you’ll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous.

COVID-19 Hiring: We recognize how challenging it is to start a new role with a new company during this uncertain time. Our HR team and hiring managers are here to support you every step of the way. During the pandemic, we’ve transitioned to a work-from-home environment until further notice. All of our recruiting and onboarding activities are virtual. We encourage you to discuss Capital Group’s response to COVID-19 throughout your recruiting process.

Role Summary

Demonstrates deep knowledge of and, direct experience in quantitative analysis applied to, global equity markets including in the domain of market microstructure, global markets and currencies, and drivers of risk and return. Connects quantitative theoretical frameworks to Capital Group’s fundamental-research driven investment process. Demonstrates a strong understanding of quantitative research and quantitative methods including non-stationary statistics, time series analysis, factor models, dimension reduction, discrete and continuous optimization, and machine learning techniques. Effectively communicates concepts and conclusions from quantitative analysis to the investment group. Writes compelling and consumable notes and presentations joining quantitative and market concepts. Develops and communicates investment insights and recommendations. Understands and communicates the factors driving returns and is able to contribute specific investment ideas. Acts as leader a within the QRA team and shares in the responsibility for developing the QRA organization and guiding others within the team. Demonstrates a strong commitment to collaborative problem-solving, as a participant and a leader.

Responsibilities
Drives and delivers high-impact research on equity portfolios and markets.
Partners with QRA leadership and investment group associates to identify quantitative research and analytical priorities.
Develops and maintains relevant quantitative models and frameworks.
Translates priorities into coherent approaches to resolve problems and manage problem statements from inception to completion.
Works collaboratively with members of the QRA team in a rigorous peer-reviewed approach to quantitative research.
Communicates results and recommendations in a form that meets the needs of the listener.
Brings domain expertise to the broad QRA research agenda
Participates in evolving computing/analytical environments to support research and research-driven processes in a collaborative research environment.
Performs additional responsibilities as assigned


Skills/Qualifications
Detailed knowledge of equity financial markets and analytics with a minimum of 5-10 years of relevant experience.
Strong knowledge of fundamental equity research, econometrics, modern financial economic theory: e.g. asset pricing, portfolio theory, factor risk models.
Advanced writing ability – the ability to write in both short and compelling and longer, more detailed, styles
Strong academic credentials, with an advanced degree in mathematical finance, economics or a related quantitative field; a record of written research is strongly preferred
Advanced communication skills – the ability to synthesize issues into solutions, translate complex concepts into simple language, listen actively and reflect.
Strong consulting and relationship building skill set; the ability to engage with investment professionals, communicate in multiple formats/forums, and deliver solutions that address business needs.
Command of the strengths, weaknesses and implementation issues related to standard investment management analytical measures and techniques.
Expertise in mathematical finance and statistical analysis of time series and panel data.
Self-motivated with the ability to work independently, as well as collaboratively with others and the ability to foster a teamwork-oriented environment.
Experience modeling using Python, R, Matlab, SQL or comparable languages to explore areas of financial theory and practice.
Company Overview:
Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the world’s largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1.9 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers.

We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

#GD-Quant
