Anchor Loans is the nation’s leading provider of quick bridge funding to fix-and-flip investors—originating more than 16,000 loans totaling over $7.25 billion since its founding in 1998. Anchor’s experience, relationships and proprietary Fintech technology platform set it apart from other lenders.

At the core of our company is our proprietary technology. We are seeking a Data Scientist to join the quickly expanding Technology Operations team. The goal of the department is to solve business needs through our proprietary technology solutions.

We are constantly improving processes and efficiencies for our operations staff. The primary focus of this position is to be an integrated quality resource for project teams on our biggest products. Anchor is an entrepreneurial company and this position will have significant impact on the future of the business and its technology solutions as we grow and expand our operations nationwide.

Responsibilities

Duties include but are not limited to:
Understand business stakeholders' needs and translate those into a data insights program with solutions for each stakeholder
Deliver on data analytics and insights by planning and performing end-to-end analysis: including aggregating and processing data, exploring data, building and validating predictive models, and presenting to business
Analyze our existing data model/structure and provide recommendations to the Tech team for optimization to support our data strategy
Design and implement statistical algorithms and predictive analysis
Explain data analytics and data science findings and machine learning models to internal and external stakeholders
Work with Data Analysts, Product Managers and Software Engineers to gather data insight requirements, set goals and influence the product roadmap
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. or M.S. in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics or equivalent experience
4+ years of industry experience in predictive analysis and modeling, data analysis and science
3+ years of industry experience in data analytics
Knowledge of data engineering, database architecture and ETL process
Experience building ML models
Proficient in either Python and R
Experience using ML libraries
Knowledge of machine learning frameworks and toolsets
Experience writing and optimizing SQL
Experience using data visualization tools
Experience presenting data findings
Preferred Qualifications
PhD in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Bio-Engineering/Science field
6+ years of industry experience in predictive analysis and modeling, data analysis and science
4+ years of industry experience in data analytics
Proven ability to tackle business problems with data science solutions
Expert level SQL experience; deep experience with statistical packages such as Python and R.
Ability to develop analytic plans for data modeling process
Ability to accurately determine correlations
Experience with AWS data technologies such as Redshift, S3, Data Pipeline
Experience with MS PowerBI
Skills and Competencies
Ability to think critically
Ability to translate business problems into data questions, create solutions and drive results
Ability to aggregate and analyze data from multiple data sources and build a holistic view
Ability to build clear visualizations to explain complex ideas and analysis result to executives and business unit leaders
Ability to provide guidance to other program and project managers
Ability to resolve conflicts and negotiate agreement
Ability to proactively identify impediments in project/program delivery and craft solutions
Anchor Loans, LP is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). A copy of Anchor’s California Privacy Policy can be found at www.anchorloans.com/privacy.
