Req ID: 178115
HBO Max is the future of entertainment and storytelling.
WarnerMedias new streaming entertainment offering, HBO Maxis the culmination of some of the most innovative new technology and greatest creative talent in the industry. Anchored bythe entire HBO service, arguablythe greatest brand in television, HBO Maxalsofeaturesfan favoritesfrom the WarnerMedia library includingWarner Bros., New Line, DC, CNN, TNT, TBS, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Crunchyroll, Rooster Teeth, Looney Tunes, and more. HBO Max will also be home to key third-party library acquisitions, such as Friends, South Park and Doctor Who,andmore than50 exclusiveOriginals in its first year, from the likes of groundbreaking creative talent such as J.J. Abrams, Ridley Scott, Jordan Peele, Steven Soderbergh, Michael Mann, Mindy Kaling, Reese Witherspoon, Anna Kendrick, Greg Berlanti, Melissa McCarthy, Robert Zemeckis, Ellen DeGeneres, and other visionaries.

The Job
As the Senior Data Engineer on the HBO Max Data Insights & Operations team, you will be responsible for developing, constructing, test existing and new architectures. You will play an integral role in identifying ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality. This position will work closely with various divisions including Product, Content and Marketing.

The Daily
Strong experience in developing, constructing, testing, and maintaining existing and new architectures.
Responsible for aligning architecture with business requirements.
Ability to identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality.
Responsible for preparing data for predictive and prescriptive modeling.
Ability to deploy sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning and statistical methods.
Conduct research for industry and business questions that come up.
The Essentials
BS or MS degree in computer science or related field and direct experience in Data / Engineering / Application lifecycle.
Minimum of 4-5 years of experience in data science engineering, with big data tools like Hadoop and Spark.
Robust experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MongoDB, DynamoDB, Redshift/PostGRE, mariaDB, etc.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools like airflow or alternatives.
In depth experience and knowledge with AWS cloud services: S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Lambda, API-Gateway, AWS GLUE, etc.
Experience with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, AWS Kinesis, Kinesis Firehose etc.
Must be experienced with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, Scala, etc.
Preferred experience of 3+ years of minimum experience with Python, Data Warehouse, Linux/Bash scripting development, Software Development Cycle and Data Modeling a must.
The Perks
Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings
Paid time off every year to volunteer
Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies
Access to in-house learning and development resources
Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands
[#video#https://youtu.be/CC-seRMEo8s{#400,300#}#/video#] 178115
