For more than 75 years, Grifols has worked to improve the health and well-being of people around the world. We are a global healthcare company that produces essential plasma-derived medicines for patients and provides hospitals, pharmacies, and healthcare professionals with the tools, information and services they need to deliver expert medical care. Grifols’ three main divisions – Bioscience, Diagnostic & Hospital – develop, manufacture, and market innovative products and services available in more than 100 countries. At Grifols we are united around a strong sense of pride, operating under the highest standards for quality and safety.

We are committed to fostering an environment that creates continuous learning opportunities and encourages professional development and growth. We would love for you to consider growing your career with us. If challenging and meaningful work excites you, make a difference and join us in this rewarding enterprise!

Job Summary:

The incumbent will work in a supporting function to provide scientific and technical assistance in the research and development of plasma derived or recombinant proteins or in support of the manufacture of plasma derived or recombinant proteins.

Essential Job Duties:
Executes action plans in support of departmental objectives independently or as part of a team.
Provides technical reports to immediate supervisor and within group meetings.
With supervision, writes procedures or technical reports.
Communicates technical data to immediate supervisor and capable of communicating technical results in team settings.
With minimal supervision, develops solutions to technical problems within area of expertise.
Applies professional principles, established techniques, and company’s policies and procedures in completion of job tasks.
Assists in study design.
Executes experiments with minimal supervision.
Job Requirements:
Master’s degree in Biology, Chemistry, Biochemistry, Engineering or closely related scientific/technical discipline. Thorough knowledge of USA FDA, EU and international cGMP’s.
Experience in quality assurance/ validation in the pharmaceutical industry - preferably in an FDA regulated environment and project management preferred.
Maintains laboratory facilities in accordance with company policies and industrial best practices.
Provides support for research and developmental studies, clinical or commercial manufacturing as needed.
Must have organizational skills and ability to prioritize personal tasks to meet deadlines.
Must have strong written and oral communication skills.
Demonstrates knowledge in area of specialization.
Proficient with the use of MS Office software.
Must have effective written and oral communication skills.
*This job description is accurate at the date of publication. It is intended to provide information essential to understanding the scope and general nature of the work performed by job holders within this position. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. Other duties may be assigned and qualifications required may change over time.

EEO Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans

Grifols is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all Federal, State and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, national origin, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship, genetic disposition or characteristics, disability or veteran's status or any other classification protected by applicable State/Federal laws. We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with Criminal Histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
