LGC Labs is the trusted partner in laboratory testing for LetsGetChecked. With a shared vision for the future of healthcare, together, our experts are constantly innovating and refining to help people live longer, happier lives. Our labs are take pride in maintaining a scientific rigour, accountability and standards that go above and beyond requirements of regulatory governance.

LetsGetChecked is a global leader in personal health testing. We offer over a hundred types of at-home tests in cancer screening, fertility, sexual health, drug genetic compatibility, hormonal health and general wellness.

We are on a mission to empower, by making the health screening process patient-led. By combining health data and diagnostic results, our team of nurses deliver accurate insights for patients, enabling them to make better decisions about their health.

Our continued growth and success means we are seeking a number of qualified nurses to join on our exciting journey in shaping the future of healthcare.

Job Description

Testing Personnel are responsible for specimen processing, test performance, and reporting test results.

The Clinical Lab Scientists must be licensed by the State of California as a generalist or have limited licensures in Chemistry or Toxicology and meets the qualifications in 42CFR Sec. 493.1489

Duties and Responsibilities

General Responsibilities: Clinical Lab Scientist High Complexity Laboratory

The Testing Personnel are responsible for performing those tests that are authorized by the Laboratory Director and that are within the individual’s skill level. Specific responsibilities include:
Following the laboratory’s procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting, and maintaining records of patient results.
Maintaining records which demonstrate that proficiency testing samples are tested in the same manner as patient specimens.
Adhering to the laboratory’s Quality Control policies and documenting all Quality Control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations, and instrument maintenance.
Following the laboratory’s policies, including taking and documenting corrective actions, whenever test systems are not within the laboratory’s established acceptable levels of performance.
Being able to identify problems that may adversely affect test performance or test result reporting and correcting the problem or notifying the appropriate supervisor.
Documenting all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory’s established performance specifications.
If required by route of qualification, performing high complexity testing only under the on-site direct supervision of a General Supervisor.
Benefits
Vision
Medical
Life Insurance
401k
Dental
