About Ipsos

Ipsos is the world’s third largest market research company, present in 90 markets and employing more than 18,000 people. Our passionately curious research professionals, analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions, opinions and motivations of citizens, consumers, patients, customers or employees. We serve more than 5000 clients across the world with 75 business solutions.

Founded in France in 1975, Ipsos is listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1st, 1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 index and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).

ISIN code FR0000073298, Reuters ISOS.PA, Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.com

Data Scientist

Location: Culver City, Los Angeles California

Division: Global Science Organization (GSO), Data Science & AI Lab

The Data Science & AI Lab of the Ipsos GSO is a uniquely positioned group within Ipsos. We serve as the global R&D capability bridging data science with market research offerings. The team develops analytic tools, builds data science models for pilot studies and internal stakeholder analytics innovations, and consults on a broad range of data and research best practices. Working in a collaborative and supportive environment, we seek to expand what is possible in market research with data science.

We’re looking for someone with a deep interest in data and analytics and the dedication to apply that passion. We need someone that possesses the technical ability to write production-level code and implement data science methods for a diverse set of applications, as well as uncover insights from the models and communicate them concisely and clearly to stakeholders at varying levels of technical sophistication. The role also requires an observant attention to detail, the ability to work well on a small team, and a self-starter approach to problem-solving and debugging.

As a Data Scientist, you will:
Work closely with team members on design and execution of large-scale modeling efforts, contributing to analytics libraries and integrating statistical theory
Collaborate on engineering new data science products by translating needs identified with stakeholders into analytic frameworks that can be built into polished user-facing tools
Build, maintain, and enhance existing codebases
Synthesize academic research, tech innovations, and cloud scalability, to elevate business value for clients, both current and prospective
Validate analytics innovations from marketing science and data science teams globally
Provide consulting for internal teams and clients on data engineering and hygiene, areas for improving process efficiency, and data science algorithms and results
Requirements:
High proficiency writing R and/or Python, including the ability to produce and maintain reusable and modular codebases
Bachelor’s degree
Desire to work in a highly collaborative, fun, consensus-oriented environment.
Experience in analytics, extracting and surfacing value from quantitative data
Attentive learner with excellent time-management skills
Ability to lucidly communicate data science concepts verbally and in written form


Pluses:
Professional or academic experience with modern techniques and algorithms in machine learning and statistical computing such as neural networks, genetic algorithms, Bayesian modeling, data fusion, drivers analysis, clustering, predictive analytics, network analysis, Monte Carlo, and agent-based models.
Experience developing data science models in cloud platforms (e.g. GCP, AWS)
Working knowledge of SQL and experience with database design and administration.
Experience with Linux server and system administration.
Experience with collaboration tools (e.g. Atlassian suite) and version control systems (e.g. Git).
Experience integrating R and/or Python with each other and C\C++.
Large dataset manipulation. Experience in distributed storage and computing.
Experience with ReactJS, TypeScript/JavaScript, visualization libraries (e.g. d3.js).
Experience creating and deploying web apps (e.g. Electron, web2py).
Advanced degree (M.S., Ph.D.), but not required.
Experience in the field of Market Research.
Ipsos is An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other protected class and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. For all future offer negotiations – please target April 6th or after for their start date.

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Culver City, US-CA
