Direct End Client: Medtronic
<strong>Job Title: NLP Engineer -Data Scientist
<strong>Start Date: ASAP
<strong>Location: Northridge, CA
<strong>Position Type: Full Time
<strong>Interview Type: In person or Telephonic or Webcam
<strong>Requirement ID: MED_NLP517_VV

Must Have: Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's with 4+ years of experience, Master's with 2+ years of experience or a Ph.D. with 0+ years of experience.Â
Degree must be in Statistics, Math, Computer Science or similar field.
Experience in Python, R or similar data-science scripting language
Experience with statistical modelling
Experience in using SQL for advanced data analysis and visualization
Nice to Have:
Strong track record in building NLP, NLU models using real-world large datasets, that work in production with positive outcomes
Prior experience with Spark and the AWS stack
Experience with Tensorflow, MXNet or Keras framework
Proficient in relational database management systems with knowledge of non-relational database systems
Background in healthcare & diabetes physiology
Understanding of FDA regulations including (ISO) 13485.
Project: Cross-Diabetes group

Department: Medtronic Diabetes

Responsibilities:
Identify novel ways to apply NLP and NLU technology and help drive our data science roadmap.
Create ontology and entity database to enable advanced information inquiry.
Apply machine learning and advanced statistical methods to improve NLP and NLU technology from vast amounts of medical related conversation.
Design, implement, test and deploy state-of-the-art NLP, NLU in a production environment.
Work closely with the engineering team to operationalize infrastructure for NLP, NLU algorithms.
Access the performance and analyze the risk of designed NLP, NLU algorithms.
Keep up-to-date with the latest techniques and approaches in machine learning and statistical analysis.
Ability to communicate analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner

<strong>Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned:
In new product design roles: develops and programs integrated software algorithms to structure, analyze and leverage data in product and systems applications in both structured and unstructured environments.
Develops and communicates descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive insights/algorithms.
In product/systems improvement projects: uses machine language and statistical modeling techniques such as decision trees, logistic regression, Bayesian analysis and others to develop and evaluate algorithms to improve product/system performance, quality, data management and accuracy.
In both theoretical development environments and specific product design, implementation and improvement environments, uses current programming language and technologies to translate algorithms and technical specifications into code.
Completes programming and implements efficiencies, performs testing and debugging.
Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
Applies deep learning technologies to give computers the capability to visualize, learn and respond to complex situations.
Adapts machine learning to areas such as virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, robotics and other products that allow users to have an interactive experience.
Can work with large scale computing frameworks, data analysis systems and modeling environments.

<strong>V Group Inc. is an IT Services company which supplies IT staffing, project management, and delivery services in software, network, help desk and all IT areas. Our primary focus is the public sector including state and federal contracts. We have multiple awards/contracts with the following states: AR, CA, DE, FL, GA, IL, KY, MD, ME, MI, NC, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TX, VA, and WA. If you are considering applying for a position with V Group, or in partnering with us on a position, please feel free to contact me for any questions you may have regarding our services and the advantages we can offer you as a consultant.Â

Please share my contact information with others working in Information Technology.

Â

Website: www.vgroupinc.com
<strong>Twitter: VGroupITServices@VGroupITService
<strong>Facebook: www.facebook.com/VGroupIT
