This is a 1 year fixed-term, grant funded position which may be renewable at the end of the first year.

The University of Southern California (USC), founded in 1880, is located in the heart of downtown Los Angeles and is the largest private employer in the city. As an employee of USC, you will be part of a world-class research university and a member of the Trojan Family, which is comprised of the faculty, students and staff that make the university what it is.

The Center for Craniofacial Molecular Biology (CCMB) at the Herman Ostrow School of Dentistry of USC invites applications to fill a Research Scientist position to conduct in vivo study of craniofacial development, manage research projects, and visualize and disseminate scientific data. The successful candidate will work closely with the FaceBase Consortium (facebase.org) to advance the mission of providing a comprehensive resource on craniofacial development for the scientific community. Communication with other investigators at a variety of institutions who are generating data for FaceBase will be required.

For a detailed list of CCMB operations, please see the CCMB website: http://ccmb.usc.edu

Job Accountabilities:
Serves as a key research scientist who is recognized as a national authority on topics in a specialized field.
Plans, designs, and conducts highly technical and complex research projects independently, working under consultative direction toward long-range goals and objectives.
May contribute to the development of advanced new concepts, techniques, and standards.
Analyzes research data and provides interpretations.
Contributes to the development of research documentation for publication and prepares technical reports, papers, and/or records.
Develops solutions to complex research problems.
Provides leadership and direction to staff and/or student workers as needed.
Serves as a liaison between USC faculty/staff and collaborators at other institutions.
Attends meetings, seminars, symposia and other events related to project efforts. Stays informed of developments in field.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. The University reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
Preferred Qualifications
Training and experience in bioinformatics and the visualization of genomic data obtained through microarray analyses, RNASeq and enhancer analyses.
Outstanding abilities in written and oral communication, including a record of successful publication in academic publications, are essential to this position.
Applicants should send a cover letter, CV, and sample of academic writing and arrange to have three letters of reference sent to:

Professor: Dr. Yang Chai

c/o Ms. Linda Hattemer

Center for Craniofacial Molecular Biology

lhatteme@usc.edu

Minimum Education: Ph.D. or equivalent doctorate
Minimum Experience: 5 years
Minimum Field of Expertise: Directly related education and experience in research specialization with highly advanced knowledge of equipment, procedures, analysis methods, principles, theories and concepts. Demonstrated leadership in developing new ideas and ability to publish in appropriate academic and practitioner outlets. Demonstrated independent thinking and leadership in scholarly writing according to such criteria as: first authored publications, conceptual leadership in the development of publications generated alone or with others, writing of first drafts of publications and/or single authored publications.
