Work for an Industry Leader
Challenging Projects & Dynamic Work Environment
Extensive Training Program
Community Service Opportunities

Langan is an award-winning ENR Top 500 Design Firm that offers integrated engineering and environmental services for both public and private sector clients at sites located throughout the United States and abroad. Langan receives numerous recognitions for its technical expertise as well as its work environment, including “Best Places to Work” by NJBIZ, Zweig Group’s “Hot Firm” and ranked “Best Firm to Work For” in four categories, “Best Places to Work in Pennsylvania” by Best Companies Group and Pittsburgh Business Times “Best Places to Work in Western PA”, “Top Engineering Firm” by both San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal. Visit our website for more information about our awards and recognitions.

Langan offers its employees opportunities that provide challenge and responsibility within an environment where they can grow and flourish! Join our team of industry leaders and make a difference on some of the most exciting and interesting projects in the field!

Langan has openings for Environmental Engineers, Scientists or Geologists with entry to 2 years of related environmental experience in our Los Angeles, CA office. As the successful candidate, your responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: providing field services for construction and site investigation projects, performing field tests and collecting field data, monitoring complex construction related projects, and compiling daily reports. Excellent communication skills, possession of a strong technical education, professional demeanor, and desire to learn is essential.

Job Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Geology, Environmental Science, or Environmental Engineering. Master’s degree preferred;
Minimum of a 3.0 cumulative GPA;
Entry to 2 years of related environmental experience. Experience in Southern California is preferred. For entry-level candidates, prior related internship experience is strongly desired;
Ability to interact well with clients and senior management;
Field experience including soil gas/soil/groundwater sampling strongly preferred;
Knowledge and understanding of California environmental regulations is preferred;
Must be willing to spend the majority of time working in the field;
40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER certification desired;
Attention to detail with excellent analytical and judgment capabilities;
Strong mathematics and computer skills;
Excellent communication and organization skills;
Possess a valid driver’s license in good standing and reliable transportation to job site and client locations;
Availability to travel and work Monday through Friday with evenings and weekends, when needed; and
Local candidates preferred.
We offer competitive compensation packages; full-time employment company paid medical, dental, and vision coverage; life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance; 401(k)/Roth with company match; extensive training; buddy and mentoring programs; employee referral and professional license bonuses; educational reimbursement; and much more!

Equal Opportunity Employer
