The Position


Position is based in South San Francisco. May consider remote

The Principal Data Scientist of the Technical Institute (TI) is a member of the US Medical Affairs Evidence for Access (E4A) Medical Unit. He/she serves as the TI point of contact for E4A health economics outcomes research (HEOR) and health policy and systems research (HPSR) members to design and execute observational research using in-house real-world data (RWD). As a subject matter expert, he/she may also review and design retrospective observational studies that are conducted by external vendors.

Candidates with additional experience in technical health economics (e.g. building cost-effectiveness models) or app/dashboard/website development are encouraged to apply.

Key responsibilities include:
Collaborate with E4A HEOR and HPSR project owners to identify the appropriate in-house databases (e.g., claims/survey/electronic medical record) and design appropriate methodology to answer specific research questions and to address business needs.
Participate in E4A strategic planning and lead the execution of in-house RWD studies.
Develop and/or oversee research protocol and statistical analysis plans. Recommend and implement appropriate analytical methodology (e.g., propensity score matching, regression analysis;etc) for RWD studies.
Mentor junior TI members to conduct the analyses, review the results, and communicate/publish findings. Lead and oversee the analytic execution to ensure the analyses are conducted with the highest accuracy and quality.
Develop knowledge in the covered disease area and identify new data sources, methods, and collaboration opportunities to address business needs.
Assist internal stakeholders to review protocol and to support the design of observational research from external vendors.
Establish a strong partnership with E4A and other stakeholders to ensure successful in-house collaboration.
Prioritize resource and support based on the business impact of deliverables.
When assigned, represent E4A in internal and/or external cross-functional, strategic planning and/or other programs on innovative methodology or technology.
Support the Head of E4A TI on operational excellence. Assist with recruitment, ongoing coaching/mentoring, and training of junior staff.
Participate in all required Genentech and E4A training and development programs. Comply with all internal policies and external regulations.
Requirements:
Masters Degree (health policy and management, economics, epidemiology, public policy, or health services research); Doctoral Degree in above or other related disciplines is preferred.
A minimum of four years (six years for masters degree) of prior work experience in academic/research institutes, consulting, managed care, government, and/or pharmaceutical industry.
Deep expertise in observational research methodology. Ability to recommend data sources and to design analyses that answer research questions.
Strong oral and writing communication skills to summarize and explain the findings to audiences who may not have technical background.
Strong hands-on research and programming (SAS, SQL, and/or R) experience of large claims databases.
Excellent knowledge in the US reimbursement coding system
A strong track record of publication in peer-reviewed journal
Experience in partnering with cross-functional stakeholders
Strong attention-to-detail
Ability to work collaboratively in a dynamic, team-based environment
Ability to prioritize and adjust project plans appropriately
Demonstrated ability to learn and embrace new technologies, applications and solutions
Ability to mentor intern, fellow, and/or junior staff.
Genentech Operating Principles:
I put the patient first, always.
I am obsessed with meeting customer needs.
I act on behalf of the whole company, not just my team.
I am inclusive.
I build a culture of trust.
I have a growth mindset.
I act with urgency.
I am accountable.
I radically simplify and prioritize for impact.
I follow the science.
I build our reputation.
#LI-GENEKC1

Who We Are


A member of the Roche Group, Genentech has been at the forefront of the biotechnology industry for more than 40 years, using human genetic information to develop novel medicines for serious and life-threatening diseases. Genentech has multiple therapies on the market for cancer & other serious illnesses. Please take this opportunity to learn about Genentech where we believe that our employees are our most important asset & are dedicated to remaining a great place to work.

The next step is yours. To apply today, click on the "Apply online" button.

Genentech is an equal opportunity employer & prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, disability, marital & veteran status. For more information about equal employment opportunity, visit our Genentech Careers page.

Job Facts
JOB FUNCTION
Modelling & Simulation COMPANY/DIVISION
Pharmaceuticals SCHEDULE
Full time JOB TYPE
Regular
