This position is available in Montréal, Canada: Visa sponsorship to Canada and assistance from Talent Acquisition Québec is included.

IC Montreal is an IBM Client Innovation Centre operated by LGS, a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM. The Centre provides services in application development and support to public and private Canadian organizations. Focussed on innovation, CIC Montreal employs a large number of young professionals who are supervised and mentored by more experienced employees. It is distinguished by a capacity to simultaneously offer large-scale projects, highly stimulating professional challenges, an environment favorable to continuous learning, professional mentoring and, lastly, opportunities for career advancement. CIC Montreal enables our clients to raise their productivity, reduce costs, improve their innovative capacity and accelerate their time-to-market.

Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things & Advanced Analytics

Interested in working on cutting edge technology such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT) or Advanced Analytics (AA)? Does an opportunity to create innovative digital solutions and transforming industries excite you? Are you a someone that is Curious & has passion for Leadership & Technology? Look no further!

As a data scientist, you will have the opportunity to work on projects in the following areas:
Internet of Things (IoT): IBM Watson IoT team is a global leader in helping clients re-invent their businesses with IoT by enhancing efficiencies in manufacturing, operations, asset optimization, financial services, and supply chain management. We use IoT in combination with Watson and use tools such as Machine Learning, Visual Recognition and Chatbots to create innovative solutions for our clients. Learn more at: https://www.ibm.com/internet-of-things/
Watson Artificial Intelligence (Watson AI): Businesses are using AI now more than ever before. From banks training AI to empower their digital workforce to telecommunication companies setting up smart chat bots to transform customer service, AI is being scaled across industries at an enterprise level. Learn more at: https://www.ibm.com/watson/
Advanced Analytics (AA): At IBM, we help our clients collect, store, organize, integrate and use their data that is more useful than ever before. We help clients Automate processes, visualize data to find valuable insights work on data modeling for machine learning and forecasting. Learn more at: https://www.ibm.com/analytics/
We are looking for candidate with technical Data Science and development experience. The candidate will work within a team and with our client to ensure the projects are delivered with the highest quality and meeting the requirements. Above all we are looking for someone with a great attitude, high energy, and focused on execution and accountability. Someone that will work with our clients and teams to deliver the best solution.

The position will be based in Montreal and the successful candidate will work on projects across North America. We are looking for the following skills and experiences:

Role:
Ability to work with the client directly to understand and meet their requirements
Ability to travel when needed for project team meetings or knowledge transfer. Expected: 30%.
Excellent verbal and written communication abilities: must effectively communicate with technical and non-technical teams
Participate in teams working in an Agile/Scrum or Waterfall process and ensure the stories/tasks are well defined and have all the information and tools to be successful
Work with the Project Manager and project stakeholders to ensure we meet our commitments
Ability to work independently on tasks and deliver with a high-level of quality
Ability to work in teams and be open to comments and feedback
Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to a fast-paced environment
Data processing, data design and modeling, deploying the model, visualization, and perform report and interpretation of the results
Experience in AI, Machine Learning, and Deep learning
Experience in how to treat and manipulate big data
Required Skills:
3+ years of experience in data modelling and Python libraries for data science, application development or application support in machine learning, visual recognition or forecasting
2+ years of experience with Big Data architectures including Spark, Hadoop HDFS, analytical processing
2+ years of expertise leveraging both NoSQL (MongoDB, Casandra, Redis, etc…)
2+ years of expertise with relational SQL databases (Oracle, Postgres, MySQL, etc…)
1+ R and its libraries
4+ years experience in Python libraries such as: Pandas, NumPy, SciKitLearn, MatPlotLib, Keras
3+ years of experience of REST. Application development delivering enterprise-class software products based on developing REST-based API's (json/yaml/OpenApi) using either (Python, Java, .Net, Node.js, etc…)
Experience in cloud technologies and architectures, including Virtualization, APIs, Micro-services and Containers
Nice to Have:
Understanding of Public and Private Cloud Provider services, usage and delivery paradigms
Experience with Cloud services, including VMWare, IBM Cloud, AWS, MS Azure, Google Cloud beyond computer instances and storage; that is leveraging advance services such as Athena from AWS and Serverless Architecture
Experience in leading or managing a team
Experience in AI/Machine Learning models training for pattern classification and computer vision applications (OpenCV, TensorFlow, Caffe, Chainer, Theano)
JIRA knowledge, Confluence, other collaboration tools
Education

Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Software Engineering (other backgrounds are considered combined with the right experience and personality to be a great technical leader!)

Job Type: Full-time

Work Remotely:
No
