The Department of Energy is seeking motivated and highly-qualified candidates for exciting positions available in multiple locations throughout the United States.

The mission of the Energy Department is to ensure America’s security and prosperity by addressing its energy, environmental and nuclear challenges through transformative science and technology solutions.

To learn more about the Department of Energy, please visit the website at www.energy.gov.

This position has a positive education requirement. Therefore, you MUST provide documentation supporting any education claims in your application. This documentation can include unofficial transcripts or any report listing institution, course title, credits earned and final grade. For specific education requirements, please see the Education Requirements. If selected, official transcripts may be requested.

Education must be obtained from an accredited institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Foreign education must be reviewed by an organization recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For special instructions pertaining to foreign education and a list of organizations that can evaluate foreign education, see the Department of Education website.

This series includes positions that involve professional work in the physical sciences and may include work in a combination of physical science fields.

As a Physical Scientist, at minimum you will:
Provide scientific advice and guidance to officials, managers, scientists, and engineer.
Serve as an expert for a significant segment of a specific area in one or more of the following: advanced scientific computing research; basic energy sciences; biological and environmental research; fusion energy sciences; high energy physics; nuclear physics; and workforce development.
Provide technical guidance on proposed research projects and programs of interest.
Coordinate, implement, and evaluate segments of research programs in the assigned area of responsibility.
Assemble essential information on topics of assigned segments of research through various source materials.
Basic Requirement:

A. Degree: physical science, engineering, or mathematics that included 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.

or

B. Combination of education and experience: education equivalent to one of the majors shown in A above that included at least 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science, plus appropriate experience or additional education.

You must meet the Basic Requirement and"Specialized Experience" to qualify for this series as described below.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

The specialized experience listed are the minimum requirements for the series, each particular vacancy may have additional experience necessary to meet the applicable grade level.

A qualified candidate's online application and resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for these positions are defined as:

GS-11: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-09 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes conducting site investigations and surveys to determine compliance requirements; participating in policy and guidance development to enable organizational implementation of policy or program initiatives; assisting in preparing technical reports, standard operating procedures, correspondence, and local guidance documents to achieve and support compliance with Federal and local guidelines; and providing research and science support information for program policy or program management.

OR

3 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. degree or Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree.

GS-12: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes communicating progress, status, and approval in order to evolve efficient and technically adequate responses; providing assistance in the planning, coordination, implementation, and evaluation of research programs; analyzing regulations to resolve environmental compliance issues during project execution; leading a research group and/or project; and/or assisting with monitoring program implementation and making recommendations on the allocation of resources.

NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-12 level.

GS-13: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes communicating progress, status, and approval in order to evolve efficient and technically adequate responses; preparing reports to recommend solutions to compliance issues; performing consulting or other professional, scientific, technical, administrative, fiscal, or other specialized work; and/or performing management planning duties such as concept development, master integration planning, and programming design for programs or projects, taking into account feasibility, costs, and economics.

NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-13 level.

GS-14: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes performing consulting or other professional, scientific, technical, administrative, fiscal, or other specialized work; reviewing and evaluating program priorities and conduct periodic scientific reviews to evaluate facility performance; preparing, justifying, and supporting the portions of the budget relating to the program; and/or analyzing regulations to resolve compliance issues during project execution.

NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-14 level.

GS-15: You must have one year of experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal service. Experience includes evaluating the effect of technical developments on fundamental policies, objectives and goals; developing new concepts, plan, and evaluate long-range programs and projects; planning and executing specialized programs on scientific, technical, administrative, and fiscal matters; and/or developing and managing funding for scientific research programs, determining funding levels, and recommending proposal, denials and program determinations for assigned programs.

NOTE: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-15 level.

"Experience" refers to paid and unpaid experience. Examples of qualifying unpaid experience may include: volunteer work done through National Service programs (such as Peace Corps and AmeriCorps); as well as work for other community-based philanthropic and social organizations. Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills; and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

CTAP/ICTAP candidates: To be considered"well qualified" you must meet all of the requirements as described in this section.

This public notice may be used to fill multiple positions as needed; therefore, applicants must meet the qualifications at the time the applications are reviewed.

OPM Qualification Standards for the GS-1301 series can be found at the following website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1300/general-physical-science-series-1301/
