Job Title:
Principal Data Scientist
Requisition ID:
R001629
Job Description:
Job Title: Principal Data Scientist

Reporting To: VP, Live Ops Analytics

Department: Live Ops Analytics

Location: Santa Monica, CA

Your Platform

Founded in 1979, Activision has continuously disrupted the world of entertainment as a leader in the videogame industry. With a history of delivering iconic game changers -- like Pitfall®, Tony Hawk®, Guitar Hero®, Crash Bandicoot, Skylanders and Call of Duty® -- our obsession is delighting our players around the globe. Focused and committed to innovation, we consistently deliver the most beloved, engaging and successful entertainment.

And while we have world-class franchises, infrastructure and resources, our success comes from a passionate, talented and diverse team of people producing greatness together. So, if youre interested in our biggest priority, its our people.

Were currently driving the next era for our company and community by creating amazing experiences for fans and continuing to make Activision an inclusive place where everyone can thrive.

Join us, make history. To learn more, check us out at www.activision.com, https://blog.activision.com or @Activision on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.

Your Mission

The Live Ops Analytics Team is looking for a data science expert. As a thought leader within the Live Ops Team, your mission is to put the science into decision making.

Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:
Being the trusted expert charged with evolving our Data Science roadmap for all product analytics teams
Develop novel analytics to qualitatively deduce and draw conclusions from player behavioral data that directly influences game design, play balance, retention of our live titles
Design and implement predictive models to make an impact on our future business decisions, product planning, and personalization
Provide technical leadership and mentorship to data scientists with a wide range of backgrounds
Democratize and socialize learnings by contributing to a centralized repository that informs future game design, and is carried across titles and franchises
Evangelize data science outside the company to increase company visibility and recruit new talent
Player Profile

Minimum Requirements:
Advanced degree required with technical focus (Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, etc.)
10+ years total experience in analytics
Exceptional technical skills with SQL, R/ Python for data analysis and experience in ML driven products
Demonstrated programming skills either in data science or software development settings a plus
Expert at deriving narrative from data and communicate the results effectively
Expert in experimentation and causal inference methodologies
Comprehensive experience with predictive and prescriptive modeling
Deep product sense, with a solid understanding of user engagement and monetization strategies in gaming, entertainment/ecommerce service providers, or mobile apps a plus
Extra Points:
Consistently demonstrates ability to identify and meet the needs of others across the company
Guiding teams to be agile in response to change and to solve complex problems
Being active in the industry, recognized for application of science to games & entertainment
Delivering breakthrough analytical projects resulting in measurable engagement or revenue impact
Exemplifies multi-dimensionalskill setdata science,experimentation, analysis, engineering, etc.
Being a renowned champion for best practices within the analytics, data and engineering teams
Provides context, not control, remaining highly aligned but loosely coupled
Our World

Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Diablo®, Candy Crush and Bubble Witch. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!

Our ability to build immersive and innovate worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for Every World - weve got our employees covered!

The videogame industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.

Activision is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
