HNI Corporation, an industry leader in office furniture design and manufacturing is in search of a Data Scientist to join our team in Chicago, IL!

As a member of the Decision Science team, the Data Scientist will play a crucial role in building HNI's data science practice in Chicago. In this new role, you'll tackle cross-functional and high-profile business problems that add value and establish competitive advantages for HNI. As a key hire in a new department you and the team will develop and define the end-to-end data science process that will enable the business to make data-driven decisions using different machine learning techniques, form proof of concept to deploying models in production.

If you like the sound of solving business problems, helping to build a new functional area from scratch, implementing new approaches to data and making a major impact at a leading global company HNI might be the place for you.

What will you do:
Use SQL, R & Python, and other data tools to analyze internal and external data in order to build predictive models and provide insights to business partners.
Present highly technical information to business units not versed in such technicalities.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and provide on-going reports in a timely and professional manner.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that will provide efficient data and reporting solutions.
Identify business trends from big data sources to enable faster and better decision making.
Who you are:
1+ years of advanced analytic/data science/machine learning experience
MS/PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, or a related quantitative field
Proven track record of end-to-end experience in model development, testing, implementation and performance tracking
Hands-on knowledge of SQL, R, Python and Spark
Familiarity with Linux and AWS/Azure
Excellent communication, teamwork and consulting skills.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skill set.
We look forward to hearing from you!

Why HNI Corporation?

HNI Corporation (NYSE: HNI), is a $2.3 billion-dollar, global office furniture and hearth product enterprise. Our furniture brands are among the strongest, most widely known in the industry, including HON, Allsteel, Gunlocke, HBF, Maxon, and OFM. The depth and breadth of our brands, the scale and capability of our manufacturing, and the strength of our distribution enables us to provide the best office furniture solutions to meet the needs of every customer.

The fourth largest employer in Iowa, HNI Corporation has been ranked by Industry Week magazine as one of the "Top 100 Best Managed Companies in the World", by Fortune magazine as "The Most Admired Company" in the furniture industry; and named by Chief Executive Magazine as one of the world's best companies for leadership development.

We invite you to visit us at www.HNICorp.com for the best visual overview of our organization.

EEO/Male/Female/Veteran/Disabled
