The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Data Scientist for the Digital Product, Platform & Strategy: Data Intelligence Operations department. We are looking for a talented data scientist to join our Data Intelligence Team. The data scientist will be responsible for predictive modeling and analysis of customer data, as well as researching best practices in analytics and data science, and sharing them across the company to improve analytic capabilities at Warner Bros.

The Daily
Analyze and model internal customer data.
Build relationships and collaborate with analysts and researchers across WB.
Produce statistical and machine learning models that inform how we communicate with our customers.
Drive improvement in our methodologies, systems and processes.
Provide analysis, reporting, and modeling to internal organizations based on customer data.
Prepare and present results of analyses to leadership.
The Essentials
B.A./B.S. degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, Political Science, or similar quantitative field.
Quantitative oriented Masters Degree or Ph.D preferred.
Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in analytics and data science.
1+ years of experience with conducting analysis in R, Python, SAS, or similar analytical languages.
Experience with relational databases and SQL.
Experience with working in cloud based environments like AWS a plus.
Expertise in machine learning and predictive modeling approaches such as Random Forest, GBM, xgBoost, neural networks/deep learning, etc.
Skilled researcher, able to distill large bodies of research to key findings and explain them to varied audiences.
Experience developing testing plans for evaluating campaigns or changes to products
Knowledge of basic survey design and analysis.
Strong history of identifying opportunities for developing predictive models to meet business needs.
Love of TV, Movies, Games, and Comics is a Plus!
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to pay close attention to complex detail and understand written and oral instructions.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work well under time constraints.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities, communicating changes in scope and schedule to all parties concerned.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality.
Requisition #
177448BR

Area of Interest
Technology/Information Technology

Industry
Film Production and Distribution

Location
United States - California - Burbank

Position Type
Full Time

Business Unit
WB Technology

Business Unit Overview
WB Technology combines Warner Bros.’ industry-leading technologists and disciplines to ensure global alignment with business strategy and accelerated delivery of innovative technology solutions studio- and industry-wide. From pre-production through archiving, the WBT organization will provide critical business and technology intelligence and services to all Studio business units. WBT manages the Studio’s enterprise systems and solutions, emerging platforms, information security, consumer intelligence, content mastering and delivery, and more.

Company Overview
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
