Requisition ID: 50828

All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?
Responsibilities
The Microelectronics Technology Department in the Physical Sciences Laboratories is seeking an experienced engineer to direct research activities relating to analysis of the performance, degradation, and the physics of failure of various microwave semiconductor devices, such as low noise amplifiers and analog-to-digital converters. The department has state-of-the-art capabilities and expertise in reliability and radiation testing and materials characterization from the macroscale to the atomic scale, that contribute to an overall understanding of physics of failure in materials and devices. This role includes defining requirements, designing experiments, leading capability development, collaborating with other staff scientists, engineers, and technicians, overseeing execution of laboratory experiments, and communicating results via written and oral presentations.

Key Functions
Translate customer needs into requirements for lab experiments and/or analysis
Direct or conduct investigations
Develop capabilities to stress, measure, and analyze various microwave semiconductor devices
Analyze test data and develop physics-based models of failure in microwave devices, for example: degradation due to intrinsic defects, radiation, or high power input signals
Track and report progress to Aerospace management, customer and contractors
Support close and frequent interactions with government customer and contractor personnel
Qualifications
Required for Research Scientist

The Research Scientist must have:
Bachelor's degree in physics, electrical engineering, or an appropriate technical discipline from a recognized institution
8 or more years of increasingly responsible professional engineering/scientific experience, with a strong focus on microwave device physics (for example: CMOS, GaAs, InP, GaN)
Ability to work in a highly dynamic research environment
Experience with designing, building and executing scientific experiments
Experience with microwave device design, fabrication, testing and physics of failure
Experience in laboratory automation/data analysis tools such as Matlab and LabVIEW
Excellent organizational skills
This position requires the ability to have and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance
Preferred for Research Scientist
Advanced degree in science, engineering or related technical discipline is strongly preferred
Current TS/SCI clearance is strongly preferred
Required for Senior Research Scientist
Bachelor's degree in physics, electrical engineering, or an appropriate technical discipline from a recognized institution
12 or more years of increasingly responsible professional engineering/scientific experience, with a strong focus on microwave device physics (for example: CMOS, GaAs, InP, GaN)
Ability to work in a highly dynamic research environment
Experience with designing, building and executing scientific experiments
Experience with microwave device design, fabrication, testing and physics of failure
Experience in laboratory automation/data analysis tools such as Matlab and LabVIEW
Excellent organizational skills
Technical breadth and ability to rapidly acquire a working knowledge in new technical areas
Excellent program management and organizational skills
Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with a diverse contractor team, to include FFRDC and SETA contractors
This position requires the ability to have and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance
Preferred for Senior Research Scientist
Advanced degree in science, engineering or related technical discipline is strongly preferred
Current TS/SCI clearance is strongly preferred

Additional Requisition Details

Clearance Requirement: Secret

Access: None

Polygraph: None

Relocation Available: Yes

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

All Aerospace employees working in organizations with technical responsibilities are required to apply for and maintain at least a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required for those positions.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, national origin, protected veteran status, physical disability, medical condition, mental disability, or disability status and any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. If you’re an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran who needs assistance using our online job search and application tools or need reasonable accommodation to complete the job application process, please contact us by phone at 310.336.5432 or by email at ieo.mailbox@aero.org. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
