Exploratory Data Analysis – Los Angeles, CA

Overview

The Department of Digital Technology offers a wide variety of certificate programs and courses including post-baccalaureate credit-bearing (400-level), continuing education (CEU) credit, and non-credit bearing general interest courses. Course disciplines cybersecurity, data science and applications programming subject areas. UCLA Extension courses and certificate programs offer students the opportunity to learn from highly qualified practitioners who hold advanced degrees and are passionate about teaching and can impart knowledge within their field of expertise.

Applications to teach are accepted throughout the year in order to fill immediate program needs and to increase the depth of the instructor pool.

Current Job Posting

The current opening is for our Exploratory Data Analysis course. Qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in this area are encouraged to apply (teaching experience is not required).

Course Description: The key goal of Data Science is to obtain insights from data. The insights could be about what happened in the past by analyzing historical data or about predicting what may happen in the future using predictive analytics. Data Scientists go through an iterative process to come up with means that lead to insights. This process is called Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA). In addition to a curious mind, data exploration and data visualization are key requisites for EDA. This course will teach you these skills with a specific focus on visualization. You will learn the iterative process of EDA, data analysis techniques, data exploration, and visualization. The course uses tools such as R Programming for data analysis, and Tableau for data visualization.

This course is held in Los Angeles, CA. Classes held in person meet once a week for 10 weeks -- weekday evenings generally 6:30 – 10 p.m.

Specific Instructor Duties
Develop and/or update course syllabus in consultation with the UCLA Extension Program Director as assigned using approved syllabus template
Prepare and deliver course materials and learning assessments in assigned format (face-to-face; online or hybrid)
Utilize the Canvas Learning Management System as the course support platform in face-to-face courses and as the delivery platform in online and hybrid courses.
Communicate Teaching Objectives and Specific Learning Outcomes to students and review the grading policies of the course
Evaluate student achievement of Specific Learning Outcomes and assign grades
Post final student grades to the transcript system in a timely manner no later than 2 weeks after the last date of course meeting
Respond to student questions and learning needs in a timely manner
Communicate with Program Director, Program Representatives and Online Course Managers in a timely manner
Complete required administrative tasks in a timely manner including: completing all hiring paperwork; completing Canvas training, submitting updated quarterly syllabus; sending us a bio and photo to post on the UCLA Extension website; signing quarterly contract; ordering required texts; communicating AV and classroom needs.
Employ culturally competent teaching methodologies in the classroom inclusive of both domestic and international student populations
Respond to student inquiries about final grades and consult with Program Director as needed
Allow students to review their final exams/papers for up to 13 months following the last class session
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum BS degree in computer science, information technology or computer engineering and at least five years of relevant work experience.
College-level teaching experience preferred
Experience designing curriculum and measuring student performance preferred
Must be committed to the highest level of academic standards and integrity
Highly effective oral and written communication skills, including the ability to convey conceptual and complex ideas and information
Highly effective interpersonal skills
Proficiency in (or willingness to learn) the use of instructional technology and online teaching tools
Current participation in professional associations
Special Conditions of Employment

Instructors are hired on a quarterly contract basis.

Instructor compensation for this course:

$2500 for 10 weeks of instruction.

Because Extension is a division within UCLA, all Extension Program instructors and courses must be formally approved according to the regulations of the Academic Senate of the University of California. Eligibility to teach a course is contingent upon this formal academic approval. Once approved, teaching assignments are “by agreement.” The Instructor’s Contract outlines the deliverables for the course, the course schedule, and the compensation terms, subject to Extension policies and procedures. UCLA Extension makes no commitment to hire an instructor until it has sent and received a signed Instructor Contract. Should the course section an instructor plans to teach be canceled for any reason, the Instructor Contract, including rights to compensation for future section meetings, is voided. Remuneration is for classroom hours only and does not include time spent for course preparation or other events.

In an effort to promote and maintain a healthy environment for our students, visitors, and employees, UCLA is a smoke-free site. Smoking is prohibited within the boundaries of all UCLA owned, occupied, leased, and associated buildings and facilities.

UCLA Extension is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values a diverse workforce
