We appreciate your interest in employment with The Honest Company! The Honest Company is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity, and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Applicants with disabilities who need assistance with the application process may be entitled to a reasonable accommodation in accordance with applicable law. If you need assistance in completing this application or with the application process because of a disability, please contact the Human Resources Department at 1.888.862.8818 or 1.310.857.3020.

About Us


Founded in 2012, The Honest Company® is a mission-driven consumer products company dedicated to empowering people to live happy, healthy lives. Consumers seeking thoughtfully formulated, safe and effective baby, personal care and beauty products, along with education and support can find The Honest Company products across North America via honest.com and honestbeauty.com and at more than 17,000 retail locations. Beginning in spring 2019, consumers in Europe can find Honest Beauty at select Douglas retail locations. A leader in the natural baby category and a trailblazer in clean beauty, The Honest Company is committed to ensuring all families have access to basic necessities and the latest health information for safe growth and development — a commitment reflected in its ongoing partnerships with organizations such as Baby2Baby and Mount Sinai. The Honest Company is privately held and headquartered in Los Angeles, California.

Our Mission


We're on a mission to empower people to live happy, healthy lives. We're a wellness brand with values rooted in consciousness, community, transparency, and design. Every day and in every way, we hold ourselves to an Honest standard. We believe that it is our responsibility to do our part to help create a healthy and sustainable future for all.

The Role


We are looking for a talented Digital Analytics Manager to join our Digital team here at Honest! Using Google Analytics and other platforms, the Digital Analytics Manager will develop our analytics strategy, data collection, analysis, and reporting. You are a strategic thinker with strong analytical skills who will develop reports, analyze trends, present research and findings to a cross-functional team, and recommend improvements. In this role, you will ensure site experiences are continually optimized to drive growth while identifying and prioritizing optimization and A/B testing opportunities. This position requires extensive experience with online, consumer-facing properties and a deep understanding of analytics, great user experiences, and drivers of conversion and retention.

What you'll do:
Manage digital analytics platforms, exploring complex data sets and communicating recommendations to optimize marketing strategies, site merchandising, and site design
Deliver meaningful customer insights through development of automated and ad-hoc reports
Collaborate across functions such as brand marketing, sales, media and technology partners to consolidate reporting across all digital channels (search, display, email, affiliate, social media)
Identify and develop data collection strategies to support reporting on key performance indicators that directly measure online campaigns, website and conversion funnel performance
Manage implementation, maintenance, and improvement of digital solutions, including Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, DMPs, and customer data platforms
Develop integrated reporting dashboards using data visualization tools like Tableau and Google Data Studio
Define customer segments and optimize performance for digital and email channels
Identify and prioritize optimization and A/B testing opportunities for retail channels (Target, Amazon, etc)
You'll love this job if you're:
Highly analytical and strategic. Your problem solving skills are unparalleled.
Motivated by fast-paced, rapidly changing environments.
Results oriented. You love to exceed set goals and take on new projects.
A self-directed individual who operates with passion, urgency, focus, and discipline.
Adaptable and ambitious. You will enthusiastically take on other assignments as needed to support your team!
Detailed-oriented with a strong technical understanding and deep knowledge of digital technologies.
Team player with experience working with engineering, marketing, and creative staff in a fast-paced, agile environment
What you'll need:
Bachelor's degree in marketing, statistics, mathematics, economics or other quantitative discipline
5-7 years of experience in an analytics role for an online retailer or e-commerce website
Experience with SQL and advanced Excel
Expert knowledge of digital analytics, specifically web analytics using Google Analytics or similar tools
Experience with predictive analytics and digital experience personalization
Experience with site testing and personalization tools
Experience with paid social platforms
Working knowledge of statistical testing methodologies
Bonus points for:
Experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud
Experience with Salesforce Commerce Cloud
Masters Degree
Benefits & Perks


We offer a competitive benefits package including comprehensive health and wellness coverage, 401k with company match, wellness incentives including a monthly fitness reimbursement and onsite fitness classes, options for education reimbursement, and a discount on all products. We value work-life balance and offer a generous and flexible vacation policy. Thinking about adding little ones to your family? Honest offers generous maternity and paternity leave. We love the furry kids too and offer pet insurance so your companions are well taken care of.

California Privacy Rights Notice for Californian Job Applicants and Prospective Talent

Effective Date: January 1, 2020

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), The Honest Company, Inc. ("Honest" or "us" or "we") is required to inform California residents who are our job applicants or prospective talent (together "job applicants" or "you") about the categories of personal information we may collect about you and the purposes for which we use this information. Click here if you are a California resident to read disclosures required by the CCPA. Note this notice applies only to personal information that is subject to the CCPA.

Categories of Personal Information We Collect. We may collect the following categories of personal information about our job applicants, who are California residents:
Name
Signature
Social Security Number
Email and mailing address
Telephone number
Education
Employment history
How We Use Job Applicants' Personal Data. We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our business purposes. These business purposes include, without limitation:
Processing evaluating your application to determine your qualifications for the role to which you've applied, and communicating with you about your application, including to check references or your background, and communicate with you about other jobs that may interest you.
Other business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include:
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services for us, such as analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement; and
Internal operations.
Other Interactions with The Honest Company. More information about our privacy practices can be found in our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Contact Us. For questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@honest.com.
