GreenKey is a group of ambitious people working on audacious technology built around solving an important problem: how can voice improve workflows? Over the last five years, we have unlocked the power of voice for the financial industry and are expanding to support critical emergency services functions.

To apply for this position, please email careers@greenkeytech.com with your resume.

We’re Hiring


GreenKey is currently hiring data scientists to lead the development of ground-breaking technologies in the field of speech recognition & natural language processing (NLP) for the financial markets. As a GreenKey Data Scientist, you have influence on our overall NLP strategy by helping define product features, build machine-learning models, drive system architecture decisions, and spearhead industry-best practices. GreenKey Data Scientists have direct lines of communication with clients to have a tight feedback loop between customer problems and machine learning solutions
The ideal candidate is passionate about new opportunities and has a demonstrable track record of success in understanding business problems and crafting mathematical and statistical models to answer them. A commitment to team work and strong communication skills (to both business and technical partners) are core requirements.
What Success Looks Like

In your first 90 days, you will:
Dive into the financial and emergency services domains
Train new ASR and NLP models to structure data from unstructured conversations
Understand the needs of GreenKey’s clients
After six months on the job, you will:
Explore cutting-edge NLP research methods and apply them to client problems
Identify new data sources and algorithms to improve NLP and ASR accuracy
Discover new insights of value to our clients and develop models to extract them
One year in, you will:
Work directly with customers to shape our data strategy
Make an impact on the direction of GreenKey
About GreenKey


GreenKey is a group of engineers, data scientists, finance experts and hard workers building technology. We know that our work gives police officers more time to protect communities, and makes the finance industry more efficient while keeping it honest.

Our users are:
Traders and brokers from the top 15 financial institutions in the world
Police officers and emergency services dispatches in cities across America
Working at GreenKey


We are proud of the culture we’ve created in offices across Chicago, New York and London. Our team is made up of dynamic, humble engineers, data scientists, sales people and business leaders. Our culture is comprised of seven core principles: curiosity, optimism, candor, work ethic, empathy, self awareness and integrity. Success at GreenKey is beyond technical aptitude. Those who demonstrate these values will find themselves surrounded by like-minded individuals ready to tackle challenges together

When you join our team, you can expect: Generous PTO, remote work flexibility, comprehensive insurance, 401k plan with matching
