Job Description
Jump start your Data Scientists career with the leading plastic pipe manufacturing company in the US.

Data Scientists interpret and apply data in analyses, and explain findings to business audiences typically, to improve products and processes. Projects support business decision making for multiple business functions. Designs, creates, implements and manages predictive analytics that leverage large and varied data sets, using a wide range of analytical tools, methods and platforms.

SUMMARY

The Data Scientist implements machine learning algorithms, collects and analyzes information from multiple sources, identifies unique opportunities to locate and collect new data, and communicates data findings to both business and IT leaders.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Use existing machine learning tools or develop customized algorithms to solve analytical problems with incomplete data sets and deploy automated processes into production.
Conduct scalable data research on manufacturing and sales data.
Create new software designed to access and handle data more efficiently.
Train the data management team on new or updated procedures.
Formulate business problems into concrete mathematical framework, and translating analytic results into actionable business recommendations.
May write and implement procedures.
May train data management team on new or updated procedures.
Assist with projects and other job-related duties as assigned.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

This position has no supervisory responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field and 5 years practical related experience in machine learning and statistical modeling. Equivalent work experience may be considered in lieu of a degree. Master’s degree preferred.

Experience implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments, and collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, XML, JSON, etc.) required.

COMPUTER SKILLS

Possess expertise in Python, developing cloud solutions on AWS, knowledge of GitHub and capable of pull and merge requests. Ability to use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.

LANGUAGE SKILLS

Ability to read and interpret documents such as design drawings and schematics. Ability to write general correspondence and technical reports. Ability to speak effectively in meetings.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS

Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as percentages. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra, geometry and trigonometry.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exits. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, verbal, diagram or schedule form. Ability to identify trends and develop action plans to address issues.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, and ability to adjust focus.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet.
Company Description
With 22 manufacturing plants throughout North America, JM Eagle manufactures the widest array of high-grade, high-performance polyvinyl chloride and high-density polyethylene pipe across a variety of industries and applications including utility, solvent weld, electrical conduit, natural gas, irrigation, potable water and sewage.
JM EagleTM is the world’s largest plastic pipe manufacturer—an innovative leader that combines advanced technology with superior customer service to create the industry’s most sophisticated and diverse products. JM EagleTM gives its customers a significant competitive advantage in the marketplace with the greatest capacity and geographic reach.
JM EagleTM joins the strengths of two industry-leading plastic pipe producers, including complementary product lines as well as specialty pipe and unique product innovations. We’re committed to serving each and every customer in the best way possible. Through this merger, we look forward to strengthening our existing relationships, and developing new ones in the future. JM EagleTM remains committed to our core value of delivering life’s essentials through the most eco-friendly plastic pipe products on the market. We pride ourselves on being able to illustrate the vital role our products play in improving and maintaining the health and quality of life throughout the world. We will continue to manufacture plastic pipe to serve the world’s growing needs.
