Senior Data Scientist
Icon Media Direct is seeking an experienced Senior Data Scientist to join our BI Analytics and Data Science team. The Senior Data Scientist is expected to perform media impact analysis and develop predictive data models driving effective media campaigns for our elite roster of clients.
This person will report to the Sr. Director of Data Science and work closely with the BI Analytics and Data Science team to conduct statistical analyses and develop adaptive, recursive, and sustainable attribution models across all media channels. They are responsible for data preparation, model development, model deployment, and model production. We are looking for a problem solver who knows what questions to ask and how to answer the questions using appropriate machine learning tools.
The ideal candidate is a sharp, creative, detail oriented, analytical, and highly quantitative individual with passion for data modeling, data analysis, and working with cross-functional teams.

About Icon Media Direct:

Icon Media Direct is a leading brand response media agency obsessed with maximizing ROI for our clients. We are a group of experts in media, technology, relationships and analytics working together to consistently exceed our clients’ expectations. With over 19 years of experience, we pride ourselves in the deep relationships we have built with our clients, partners and employees. Headquartered in Sherman Oaks, CA, Icon Media Direct strives to be an employer of choice, offering competitive benefits and compensation, true work/life balance, and a fun, energetic company culture. We are an organization, truly focused on the growth of our team. With in-depth leadership training, strengths-based coaching and mentorship programs, we foster a culture of continual development and positive collaboration.

Job Duties include, but not limited to:
Develop, maintain, and refine marketing mix models using advanced statistical methods and machine learning models.
Implement current direct response attribution model for various clients.
Convert existing attribution model process from SAS to Python.
Process, cleanse, validate, and integrate data from different resources for reporting, analysis, model building, and data visualization.
Generate actionable recommendations to help clients optimize media budget and make data-driven marketing decisions.
Act as liaison between Client Services and Data teams for understanding requirements and explaining results.
Develop innovative tools and processes to improve team efficiency.
Check and debug any data related issues to ensure accuracy and data integrity.
Document technical findings and modeling approaches on Confluence and contribute to presentations.
Education and Experience Requirements:
BA/BS or Master’s or PhD degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, or other quantitative fields
5+ years of experience as a data scientist in statistical analysis and model development
Applied knowledge of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Strong working experience on building machine learning models including linear models and tree-based models for regression and classification problems. Deep learning/neural networks experience is a plus but not required
Advanced statistical knowledge on probability distributions, hypothesis testing, time series models and analysis
Excellent proficiency in analytics software tools such as Python, R, or SAS
Strong Python experience for data analysis and machine learning projects using either Jupyter notebooks or IDEs
Proficient in querying databases (SQL), and experience with AWS and Snowflake.
Experience with end-to-end data science workflow and various model deployment processes
Demonstrated experience building automated ETL pipelines.
Curious and inquisitive business vantage point, with an ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills and ability to communicate complex ideas and strategy to both external and internal clients.
Other Considerations:
Salary based on skills and experience
Skills will be tested upon interview
All applicants are subject to background checks and offers of employment will be pending the verification of information listed on application
All applicants will need to provide a list of professional references
Icon Media Direct is an Equal Opportunity Employer

**
