Requisition ID: 56769

All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?
Responsibilities
The Energy Technology Department at the Aerospace Corporation is seeking scientists to conduct research and development in satellite energy generation as well as support space programs in solving technical energy generation challenges related to current and future space programs. The Energy Technology Department works to solve current a future space power generation needs by focusing on researching and developing tools, techniques, and fundamental knowledge to improve future and current space power needs. We use our research to support current and future space programs in anomaly investigations, cost reductions, enabling new missions, and ensuring success of missions. A successful candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to independently develop and successfully execute a research plan to solve technically challenging, fundamental problems. Specific expertise in energy generation such as semiconductor physics, photovoltaics, thermoelectrics, etc. is not required. While having specific expertise in the previously mentioned areas is beneficial, a successful candidate will demonstrate how their problem-solving skills can be applied to solving a problem regardless of their area of expertise.

Key Functions
Independently develop and execute research plans to solve space energy generation problems
Conduct laboratory research on the space photovoltaics such as space environmental effects on space photovoltaics
Develop new techniques to characterize and predict space power generation
Support space programs with anomaly investigations, power generation acquisition, power predictions, etc.
Analyze solar cell characterization data to develop advanced predictive models
Conduct data analysis on large data sets of solar cell data for trending and monitoring space power performance parameters
Develop software tools and analyze data related to space power generation using Python
Prepare reports, presentations, and peer literature articles to document knowledge generation and research outcomes
Qualifications
Required
Ph.D. required in physics, chemistry, material science, electrical engineering or related field OR equivalent combination of education and experience
Candidates should have a strong background in spectroscopy, data analysis, and characterization
Demonstrate a track record of publishing technical work and presenting their work to their respective community of interest
Demonstrate the ability to develop test and measurement software and hardware
Able to quickly troubleshoot problems
Must work well in a team environment
Must be detail-oriented
Ability to prioritize tasks and projects
Must possess strong organizational skills
Ability to handle multiple priorities and projects at one time
Effective interpersonal skills to coordinate efforts and work with other internal and external organizations
Demonstrated flexibility and ability to adapt to changing organizational needs
Strong written and oral communication skills
Ability to work under minimal supervision, to self-initiate activities, and to work within timelines
Must possess time management and project management skills
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance
Preferred
Programming experience for data analysis in Python and SQL
Experience in using a multidisciplinary approach to solving fundamental research problems
Proficiency in instrumentation development
Experience in luminescence spectroscopy, laser spectroscopy, quantum efficiency, semiconductor parametric analyzers, small signal analysis, optics, photonics, machine learning, Python, C/C++, Matlab, SQL
Transcript Requirement
Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

Clearance Requirement: Secret

Access: None

Polygraph: None

Relocation Available: Yes

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

All Aerospace employees working in organizations with technical responsibilities are required to apply for and maintain at least a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required for those positions.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, national origin, protected veteran status, physical disability, medical condition, mental disability, or disability status and any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. If you’re an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran who needs assistance using our online job search and application tools or need reasonable accommodation to complete the job application process, please contact us by phone at 310.336.5432 or by email at ieo.mailbox@aero.org. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
