The Company


We are a stealth technology start-up that is building the technological and real estate infrastructure to facilitate the future of mobility.

The Company will provide B2C and B2B solutions, targeting leading companies in the mobility sector.
Investment: Metropolis completed its seed financing round of $20 million in early 2019 and is anticipated to complete a substantial round of funding within the year. Investors in the seed round include world class investors like Slow Ventures, Zigg Capital and prominent private investors in early-stage companies.
Market Size: $500 billion
Benefits:
Attractive compensation and generous benefits package (100% Medical, 50% Vision and 50% Dental)
Company 401(k) match up to 6% of salary.
Paid company snacks and after-hour meals
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO)
Gym reimbursement program
529 savings plan
Commuter benefits
Leadership


The Company is led by an experienced executive team with complementary backgrounds, including a successful LA-based tech founder, a technical leader from eHarmony and DogVacay and senior professionals from major global financial services firms, and engineering talent from Google, Palantir, HauteLook, Rubicon Project and Honey, amongst others.

The Opportunity


If you have a passion for the future of mobility, including last mile transport, autonomous vehicles, vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) aircraft and their surrounding ecosystem, the Company provides the opportunity to join at an early stage. Upon emerging from stealth, the Company will quickly become one of the sector's highest profile companies. Along the way, you will also partner closely with some of the tech sector's most influential and successful investors, building a portfolio of intersecting business verticals in technology, real estate and mobility services.

Position Overview and Responsibilities


This position reports to the Chief Technology and Product Officer.

Computer vision is the core of Metropolis' product. It not only drives the customer experience but also directly impacts our bottom line. We are looking for the founder of our computer vision team to lead our development efforts towards real time analysis of images and videos.

You will work closely with the Product team to understand the problem and identify short and long term solutions that will delight our customers. As the lead of a team that will deliver highly technical features, you should have the ability to communicate technical terms in a way that can be understood by all team members, regardless of their technical capabilities. You will work with software engineers to build the infrastructure that will enable data collection, implementation, evaluation, and optimization of our models.

When you join Metropolis, you'll join a team of world-class engineers building an ecosystem of technologies at the intersection of parking, mobility, and real estate. Our goal is to build an inclusive culture where everyone has a voice and the best idea wins. You will play a key role in building and maintaining this culture as our organization grows.

Key Responsibilities
Develop proprietary algorithms and models that identify objects, their orientation, and their motion in a physical space.
Own the end-to-end development of our computer vision and machine learning efforts from problem definition to deployment and optimization.
Partner with the Director of Product to build and execute the product roadmap for the computer vision team.
Collaborate with engineering to build the foundational architecture to support the robust development, testing, deployment, and optimization of our models and algorithms.
Assist in the evaluation of cameras, sensors, and other hardware that could be used to enhance the efficacy of our models.
Build and lead a world-class team of computer vision engineers.
Requirements and Qualifications
Ph.D. or advanced degree in computer science, computer vision, image processing, applied mathematics, or related technical field.
5+ years of hands-on experience building computer vision algorithms.
Deep knowledge of the computer vision and image processing landscape from established techniques (e.g. neural networks, PCA, Kalman filters, and SVMs) to well known frameworks such as TensorFlow.
Hands-on and working knowledge of a programming language (e.g. Python, C++).
Some experience with cameras, sensors, and other hardware technologies.
Solid experience with cloud computing (AWS preferred).
Demonstrated experience working collaboratively with Engineering and Product teams.
Very strong written and oral communication skills.
Prior experience hiring and managing computer vision engineers, while not required, would be a huge plus.
Experience with mobility services or real estate would be a huge plus.
