Role: Quantitative Researcher

Location: Chicago and New York

We are looking for a Quantitative Researcher in both our Chicago and New York offices. We have a collaborative culture and look to hire exceptional people. You will be working on all aspects of our research and low-latency trading pipeline. The expectation is that you would actively contribute to the development of new alphas, and support and contribute to that team's trading performance.

Responsibilities of this Role:
Support production trading systems
Optimize and rewrite existing trades and signals
Build and improve tools to help with research
Build components and research new alphas to expand to new trades
Things We're Looking for from Our Candidates:
3+ years' experience
Excellent academic record in a subject with a strong computational/Math emphasis (e.g. Data Science, engineering, physics, etc.)
Strong multi-tasking skills, including the ability to work on multiple projects and prioritize appropriately
Strong knowledge of python and machine learning.
Applied knowledge of C++.
Strong multi-tasking skills, including the ability to work on multiple projects and prioritize appropriately
Strong understanding of optimization and profiling
Very detail oriented
Process

Should you be a fit, we will move forward with an initial phone screen.

Be sure to reach out if you have any deadlines we should know about: careers@3redpartners.com

Qualifications and Culture

This person needs to be driven, able to self-direct, and eager to learn. Our environment offers quick feedback and we count on each person to thrive on that and be able to execute given new information. Our office and culture is casual but we enjoy hard work and pride ourselves on delivering top quality work. We have an excellent work life balance and are able to be most productive by working together. This role offers competitive benefits and pay, as well as casual dress every day, encouraged work-life balance, fully stocked pantries with many healthy options and a bit of chocolate here and there, catered lunches every Wednesday, 3Red outings, and a Zen Room for moments of relaxation.

Benefits

3Red prides itself in offering a highly competitive salary commensurate with experience, as well as a performance-based bonus. 3Red strives for a casual and fun work environment and promotes a healthy lifestyle. Full medical, dental and vision coverage is offered as well as a retirement plan.

Info about 3Red

3Red is a proprietary trading firm headquartered in the Chicago Loop, with a presence in New York. We're committed to leveraging technology and math to implement competitive trading strategies while managing risk and responding to dynamic market conditions. Technology and quantitative ingenuity are at our core.

We hire extremely bright, talented, and motivated individuals to collaborate with each other and compete in the world's financial markets. Our team has extensive, global experience in a wide variety of asset classes, risk management, and leading trading technologies.
