Passionate about precision medicine and advancing the healthcare industry?

Recent advancements in underlying technology have finally made it possible for AI to impact clinical care in a meaningful way. Tempus' proprietary platform connects an entire ecosystem of real-world evidence to deliver real-time, actionable insights to physicians, providing critical information about the right treatments for the right patients, at the right time.

Tempus Insights is our business to develop, validate and launch new predictive tests, in oncology, cardiology and new disease areas, by leveraging our clinical + molecular + imaging data to provide novel insights to clinicians and patients.

We are seeking a highly motivated and capable informatics scientist with extensive experience and interest in healthcare statistical analysis to join our team and lead our efforts to secure regulatory approval for novel AI algorithms in cardiology. This position requires experience with algorithm validation, statistical analysis, scientific writing and algorithm validation. Top candidates will also have experience with cardiology.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Lead efforts to validate predictive algorithms in cardiology and submit those AI algorithms to the FDA
Design, develop and document statistical analyses for AI algorithms to ultimately submit those algorithms for FDA approval
Collaborate with scientists, and clinicians to design and perform analyses on cardiology clinical, imaging and molecular data in order to improve quality of care.
Work in interdisciplinary groups of scientists, engineers, and product developers to translate research into clinically actionable insights for doctors and patients.
Produce high quality and detailed documentation for all projects.
Develop and implement rigorous testing and validation infrastructure to support the use of predictive algorithms in clinical care.
Required Experience:
Ph.D. or Masters in Biostatistics, Statistics, Epidemiology or a related field
Computational skills using Python and R.
Understanding of FDA validation protocols and how to bring scientific ideas to market
Ideal candidates will possess:
2-5 years experience working with healthcare algorithms to improve patient care
Self-driven and works well in interdisciplinary teams
Background in predictive or prognostic algorithm development
Strong background in the development of statistical models
