The Campaign & Data Execution team is looking for a superstar to join the team as a Data Consultant. In this role, he/she will help to support National Marketing in executing omni-channel campaigns for different lines of businesses on our marketing automation platform.

The Data Analytic Consultant provides support in making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, internally managing and reporting data. These positions function both as a consultant and as a high-level data analyst. The position works with clients to develop the right set of questions/hypotheses, using the appropriate tools/skills to derive the best information to address customer needs.

Essential Functions:

- Provides consultation to clients, including organizational leadership and guides work towards actionable outcomes.
Regularly measures the impact of business decisions on clients and customers.
Evaluates effectiveness of actions/programs implemented&makes recommendations.
Works with clients and staff to identify opportunities and methods to improve efficiencies with analysis.
Provides support to peers and mentoring to junior staff including: technical&programming assistance, project management and scoping, documentation review and support.
Directs and executes creative analytic approaches that lead to actionable outcomes which further promote organizational goals.
Proactively recognizes potential issues, develops plans to address and understands how to communicate these steps to department leadership and clients.
Analyzes and develops complex logical db designs, data models, and relational data def in support of corporate and client area info systems requirements.
Participates in the development of outcomes and process measures, including technical specifications, to enable measurement and evaluation.
Builds sophisticated statistical models and forecasting tools using databases.
Defines and frames complex multi-dimensional healthcare issues and develops time tables/processes for decision making.

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
Minimum five (5) years of work experience.
Education
Bachelor's degree OR four (4) years of experience in a directly related field.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A
Additional Requirements:
Thorough knowledge of policies, practices and systems.
Complete understanding and application of principles, concepts, practices, and standards.
Full knowledge of industry practices.
Broad application of principles, theories, and concepts in applicable discipline, plus working knowledge of other related fields.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.

Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years experience of campaign development with one of the following: Unica Affinium Campaign, Marketo Engage, Adobe Campaign, Eloqua, or other equivalent.
5+ years database competence working with one of the following: Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata.
Strong CRM/Campaign Management experience working in a large environment with multiple campaign channels.
Successful experience working with and/or consulting marketing professionals on campaign/data operations and best practices.
Ability to lead, manage, and stay on top of multiple projects concurrently.
Bachelor's degree AND five (5) years of work experience OR a master's degree AND three (3) years of work experience preferred.

- Knowledge of health care industry preferred.
Familiarity with Kaiser Permanente health care system preferred.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.
External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
