Job Description
We are looking for a sharp Air Compliance Engineer/Scientist (Mid to Senior) to join our team in one of our Southern CA offices. We are a growing, highly respected environmental air quality consulting firm based out of Orange County, California with offices throughout the state. We work on a wide variety of environmental and air quality permitting and compliance projects, across a diverse range of California industries and locations.

We offer a friendly, high performance, team-oriented work culture where professionals can grow amongst their respective peers all while promoting and living a great work/life balance. This is a great opportunity for someone looking to expand their professional development in a challenging yet positive and rewarding environment.

Position Summary:

The Air Compliance Engineer/Scientist performs professional technical work of considerable difficulty in relation to complex air quality monitoring, testing, data collection, recordkeeping, and reporting, along with other environmental compliance needs on behalf of our clients. This candidate will be analyzing permit-related technical and regulatory issues, and communicating those analyses within project teams, with customers, with other agencies and with the public at large; performs other duties as required or assigned.

This is an experienced senior level position, positions at this level are assigned to perform the more complex and sensitive duties in the occupational field. The employee in this position may be assigned to train other employees and/or monitor work produced by other employees.

The candidate experience and qualifications we are looking for include
A minimum of 8-15 years of work experience in the air quality monitoring or related industry, preferably for a consulting firm in a leadership position;
Experience with a wide range of test methods, monitoring equipment systems, pollutant analyzers and instrumentation, and data management systems;
Extensive knowledge and/or experience related to emission control systems; CEMS; data acquisition and handling systems (DAHS); and diagnostics analysis of CEMS information along with equipment operating data to evaluate system instrumentation, performance requirements, and monitoring specifications;
Experience with or capable of learning monitoring and measurements knowledge of federal (Part 60 and Part 75) and SCAQMD (RECLAIM and Rule 218) requirements for data accuracy, reporting, and compliance;
Monitoring and testing oversight, recordkeeping, and reporting of engine compliance and emissions source testing with federal, state, and local regulatory requirements;
Compliance support related to Continuous Emissions Monitoring system (CEMS), data acquisition and handling systems (DAHS), and other emissions monitoring systems;
Hand-held monitoring of combustion and other sources of emissions;
Monitoring of ambient air including gases and particulate matter;
Field assistance as needed related to environmental compliance;
Highly motivated to continue working in the air quality environmental field and expand their knowledge and experience in environmental consulting.
Skills:
Analysis, interpretation, and application of rules and regulations towards practical solutions;
Project management experience;
Excellent verbal and written communication;
Advanced computer applications and database management;
Ability to think critically and develop practical solutions;
Leadership capabilities and experience in field and office settings;
Strong Microsoft 365, Sharepoint, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Access abilities;
Ability to travel to client sites.
Education and Certifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, or other relevant degrees from an accredited college;
QSTI highly preferred or similar level of knowledge/experience.
This is a full-time position at 40 hours per week from one of our Southern CA offices during our normal weekday business hours of 8am-5pm. We offer highly competitive compensation packages along with a full suite of employee benefits including Paid Time Off, Holidays, Full Medical/Dental/Vision, along with a 401k with company match.
Company Description
Yorke Engineering, LLC has assisted over 900 customers with their Air Quality and Environmental compliance, engineering, and permitting issues. Our philosophy is to efficiently help Government and Industrial customers with the complex array of Environmental rules and regulations issued by the local, state and federal agencies. From simple permits to complex agency negotiations, from small companies to the largest of California’s organizations, Yorke Engineering has successfully helped solve our clients’ Air Quality and Environmental issues in a cost effective and efficient manner.

Our staff has over 950 years of combined environmental experience and consists of engineers that specialize in Air Quality, Waste, Water, CEQA, and Safety.

www.YorkeEngr.com
