For more than 75 years, Grifols has worked to improve the health and well-being of people around the world. We are a global healthcare company that produces essential plasma-derived medicines for patients and provides hospitals and healthcare professionals with the tools, information and services they need to deliver expert medical care.

Job Summary:

The incumbent will be primarily responsible for major projects of a technically complicated nature, which have an inter-departmental focus. The incumbent may manage a staff of up to approximately 12 scientists or technicians with the objective of supporting the research development of plasma derived or recombinant proteins or in support of the manufacture of plasma derived or recombinant proteins.

Essential Job Duties:
Responsible for developing functional area objectives in support of departmental objectives/corporate goals.
Represents the functional area on a cross-functional team
Identifies and requests needed resources within or across functional areas.
Independently writes and critically edits procedures or technical reports of a complex nature, assimilating information across functional areas, suitable for regulatory submission or external publication.
Directs resources in the preparation of procedures or technical reports of a complex nature suitable for regulatory submission or external publication.
Communicates technical and project results and critical information to technical and/or non-technical audiences.
Develops creative, novel programs to meet corporate objectives and open new business opportunities.
Leads others in problem-solving efforts.
Contributes to the development of new principles or concepts.
Independently designs, executes, and interprets results for novel and scientifically complex study programs.
Mentors others in experimental design.
Capable of directing others in study execution.
Job Requirements:
Master’s degree in Biology, Chemistry, Biochemistry, Engineering or closely related scientific/technical discipline. Thorough knowledge of USA FDA, EU and international cGMP’s.
Five (5) years of experience in quality assurance/ validation in the pharmaceutical industry - preferably in an FDA regulated environment. Project management experience.
Maintains laboratory facilities in accordance with company policies and industrial best practices.
Provides support for research and developmental studies, clinical or commercial manufacturing as needed.
Identifies, implements, and qualifies, as necessary, equipment to meet industrial best practices or achieve compliance with regulatory expectations.
Capable of developing resource plans to achieve identified objectives/goals.
Advanced ability to set and meet deadlines, multitask, as well as to identify, request, and prioritize resources across functional area based on project needs.
Demonstrates advanced critical judgment and strategic thinking in representing functional area concerns on cross functional teams.
Experienced in identifying projects risks.
Must demonstrate advanced ability to produce, oversee, and/or deliver written and oral presentations for technical and leadership audiences.
Independently applies sound scientific principles in development of innovative solutions to complex technical problems.
Advanced ability to creatively apply scientific principles in problem solving in potentially novel areas.
Advanced ability to apply standardized root cause analysis, investigation tools and methodologies.
Recognized and consulted as an expert in professional field within functional area or externally.
Broad knowledge and expertise of modern scientific technologies commonly used in functional area.
Evidence of patent and/or publication record in peer-reviewed journals.
Proficient with the use of MS Office software.
*This job description is accurate at the date of publication. It is intended to provide information essential to understanding the scope and general nature of the work performed by job holders within this position. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. Other duties may be assigned and qualifications required may change over time.

EEO Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans

Grifols is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all Federal, State and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, national origin, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship, genetic disposition or characteristics, disability or veteran's status or any other classification protected by applicable State/Federal laws. We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with Criminal Histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
