Riskonnect, Inc. is the leading integrated risk management software solution provider that empowers organizations to anticipate, manage and respond in real-time to strategic and operational risks across the extended enterprise. Riskonnect is the only provider ranked in the leadership and visionary quadrants by world renowned industry analysts Gartner and Forrester. We employ more than 500 risk professionals in the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific and serve over 900 customers across 6 continents. The combination of innovative risk technology, a customer success mindset, and employee-first belief makes Riskonnect a sought after place to work.

Primary Role Responsibilities:
Support, maintain, and streamline data interfaces.
Troubleshoot data interface issues. Analyze data (claims data, client databases) to find issues and anomalies and provide quality assurance.
Enable automation; add efficiencies to coding. Clean up data/codes.
Act as first level client contact for data-related issues.
Assist clients; interface with internal colleagues (e.g., Support) to resolve client issues.
Coordinate with colleagues globally to ensure seamless support.
Required Qualifications:
Minimum 1 year of experience working in a SQL Server Management Studio environment
Working knowledge of query-writing, stored procedures, and views
Strong analytical skills and ability for problem-solving
Detail-oriented, organized, and self-motivated
Within Role Promotion Considerations Hiring of/promotion to Data Analyst, Senior Data Analyst, or Lead Data Analyst is based on a combination of:
Years of experience
Ability to meet or exceed key performance metrics
Superior display of relevant competencies
Knowledge of platform / technical expertise
Complexity of projects handled; ability to solve complex/escalated problems
Successful execution of project responsibilities from start to finish
Scope of work performed
Ability to lead/mentor less experienced analysts on larger projects
Key Performance Indicators
On-time delivery of data
Integrity of data
Turnaround of cases/issues
Successful automation
Timely communication
Number of accounts processed
Client satisfaction
Client relationship
Solid documentation
Helpful Qualifications:
ARMS certification
Microsoft SQL certification(s)
Database tools (e.g., Oracle)
Experience with Salesforce
Experience with Financial data sets, involving financial validation.
