Position Summary

We are looking for a Director to join our Data Science team in Los Angeles. A successful candidate should be an analytically minded hands-on individuals with a strong academic background, entrepreneurial spirit and interest in media and marketing.

The advanced analytics team is a part of the broader Universal McCann Business Analytics Engine (BAE). We drive a new system of working that puts data, analytics, and technology at the core of every planning decision. The BAE consolidates data inputs, models, and model outputs and links directly to proprietary media planning and optimization tools. This role in the advanced analytics teams will be responsible for data mining, modelling and delivery of insights across multiple accounts.

Essential Functions:
Present analysis to planners and external clients
Participate in brainstorming sessions with communication planners, creative teams, media planners, buyers, clients and other partner agencies
Apply substantial amounts of independent critical thinking
Implement a variety of analytical techniques, ranging from data mining, to statistical modeling and numerical optimizations on a wide range of data sources (sales, brand equity, search interest, website visits, social media)
Provide intellectual leadership, analytic creativity and research new tools and techniques
Uncover business opportunities form data analysis
Train and mentor junior team members
Work with internal stakeholders to enhance analytic processes, and develop new capabilities to increase real-time media allocation optimization.
Qualifications:

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, quantitative finance, actuarial science or engineering from a reputable university
Master’s degree is preferred
Work Experience:
6 + years of experience in analytics function
Experience in media or marketing is a plus
Experience managing reports
Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
Strong background in statistical analysis, particularly regression based modeling and marketing mix modeling
Attention to detail
Internal stakeholder management
Superior problem solving and analytical thinking
Experience with data-management, statistical and optimization tools, ideally SAS/R/SQL/Python
About Us

A full-service media agency, UM strives to use Better Science and Art to create moments that drive business momentum for brands. Founded in 1999, UM is made up of entrepreneurially-minded planners, researchers, investment experts, decision scientists, account executives, and content and activation specialists—over 4,800 employees across 130 offices in over 100 countries around the world. They are globally headquartered in New York, with six additional North America offices in Dallas, Detroit, Los Angeles, Miami, San Francisco, and Toronto.

UM’s culture is an inclusive one, where people are encouraged to bring their full selves to the office, and where personal and professional growth are a priority of every member of the team. The executive leadership is dedicated to building a culture that permeates every element of the company, from work flexibility, to career planning and regular talent reviews, to an active culture club. They proudly uphold the following values:
Courage: having the courage to try the things that make us afraid, present something to a client that we know isn’t what they are expecting, taking on roles that we may be a bit intimidated by, inventing the future, etc.
Candor: pushing ourselves to have the hard conversations with colleagues, team members, clients and media partners that will make us all better.
Curiosity: being curious about the world, media, our clients and each other and using this curiosity to find new and innovate ways of doing everything we do.
Commitment: being committed to UM, our teams, and our clients and going above and beyond when it is required.
Community: being an active and positive participant in the UM community, our team and client communities, our local community and the world and creating valued communities with the people, clients and partners that we work with.
Caring: caring about those around us – both their work lives as well as their personal lives and working to make everyone have as complete and fulfilling a life as possible.
As a company, they are constantly pushing themselves to improve, under their Better Science, Better Art, Better Outcomes banner, striving to set the bar in the ever-evolving media landscape. Key clients include J&J, Sony, HULU, H&M, Coca-Cola, Hershey’s, Spotify, ExxonMobil, and BMW.
