Job Description


Job #: 1076379

Sensory Scientist

Torrance, CA

Local candidates only

Please review the job description completely

Description:

The Scientist will execute sensory activities associated with development of products in Personal care, Foods, and Supplements. The position accountabilities include product development guidance for flavor optimization, product testing (discrimination, affective, descriptive), statistical data analysis, and regional flavor trends and preferences. The scientist will document work and complete assignments in a structured product portfolio management system and be able to autonomously implement methodologies and SOP’s created by Sensory COE. Must display attitude reflective of high performer; positive, proactive, productive, focused and informed.

DETAILED RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES:
Leads sensory testing from feasibility through commercialization.
Collaborates with Marketing, Global Consumer & Member Insights and R&D to provide sensory guidance and direction to deliver optimized flavor profiles in a variety of finished product applications.
Collaborates effectively with cross-functional teams to design sensory tests and ensures they meet project objectives.
Performs test design, questionnaire development, and assists with recruitment, set up, and execution of sensory product testing (Discrimination and Affective).
Generates reports and develops key insights to support business team decision making.
Works effectively with remote locations, e.g. Brazil and China, to support remote teams as needed, utilizing best practice sensory methods and providing recommendations related to improving process workflow and communication.
Leverages external partners, e.g. flavors houses, in the areas of sensory testing and consumer flavor trends.
Rapidly executes project tasks via Agile PLM system.
Support sensory evaluation trainings for cross functional teams, regional sensory teams, and panelists.
Participate in cuttings (product tasting) with product team to assist in guiding the product development process and communicates next steps.
Support development of a Descriptive panel through recruitment, screening, and panel training.
Support descriptive analysis projects through panel moderation, test execution, data analysis, and reporting.
Additional duties as assigned
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Skills:
Solid English communication skills, both written and verbal ability to collaborate, persuade and negotiate effectively with cross functional teams
Strong statistical analysis, interpretation and reporting skills
Ability to predict and solve problems in a practical, timely and collaborative manner
Ability to assess products with limited technical guidance and supervision
Ability to generate and analyze data to drive correct decision making
History of achieving positive results
Ability to identify, document and validate the appropriate development direction and unit processes to solve problems with limited to no supervision
Experience:
2-3 years’ experience in Sensory Science position related to Nutritional, Food, Skincare and/or pharmaceutical products in MLM and/or consumer retail space.
Experience in all aspects of descriptive analysis (i.e. QDA, Spectrum Method) including panel development, training, test execution, and data analysis.
Business process orientation including adherence to New Product Process, testing protocols and appropriate Product Lifecycle Management (e.g. Agile) and laboratory notebook documentation.
Competent use of MS Office, particularly Excel and PowerPoint
Education:
BS degree in Sensory Science, Food Science or related scientific discipline
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Sensory experience with high protein beverages, instant teas and/or a cross section of nutritional products.
Has capacity to interact effectively at all levels of organization with sensitivity to diversity.
Possesses strong written and persuasive verbal communication skills.
5 years of experience working in a global environment with a decentralized sensory program.
Broad experience base in functional areas that interact with R&D such as QA, QC, Regulatory, Manufacturing, and Supply Chain.
Shift will the worker be assigned to: 1st

If interested, please send your resume to Lynsi Mayberry

ldmayberry@apexsystems.com

657-266-7598

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
