CGN Global is seeking an experienced advanced analytics business professional to join our team. This role will require the utilization of analytics and business process improvement expertise along with leadership and consulting skills to deliver CGN's high quality custom solutions to our clients.

Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Lead the Analytics team to mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
Lead the Analytics team to assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Qualifications
Extensive experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Extensive knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Extensive knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
8+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Masters or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with
the following software/tools:
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using web services: Redshift, S3,Spark, DigitalOcean, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
