Requisition ID: 55262

All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?
Responsibilities
The Microelectronics Technology Department (MTD) at The Aerospace Corporation conducts basic and applied research in microelectronic and optoelectronic devices for space applications, and provides technical support to national security space programs in these areas. The MTD is seeking a member of the technical staff to support investigations of microelectronics reliability and physics of failure in advanced devices, materials, and processes for space applications.

S/he will perform materials and device characterization to identify root cause of failure by various techniques including x-ray computed tomography, focused ion beam analysis, and scanning electron microscopy. The staff member will apply and develop software tools for data and image analysis of x-ray computed tomography data and to enhance perceptivity of failures and anomalies in devices. S/he must also exhibit strong written and verbal communication skills and desire to work in an environment requiring self-motivation and independence as well as project leadership and teamwork.

KEY FUNCTIONS
Conduct innovative basic and applied research in non-destructive fault isolation and reverse engineering of electronic devices
Develop tools for data and image analysis
Collect and interpret x-ray tomography data
Provide responsive technical support to national security space programs on problems
Present results internally and at scientific meetings
Qualifications
Required
BS in electrical engineering, physics, chemistry, computer science, or material science
Minimum 5+ years of relevant work experience
Strong interpersonal skills, ability to effectively convey technical information to non-technical personnel via oral and written forms
Deep understanding of x-ray imaging and tomogram reconstruction
Understanding of materials and device characterization techniques including scanning electron microscopy and focused ion beam analysis
Understanding of computational analysis techniques for image and tomography analysis
WIllingness to occasionally travel and to work off-business hours to support customer needs, approximately 10%
Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance
Preferred
MS or PhD in electrical engineering, physics, chemistry, computer science, or material science
Minimum 12+ years of relevant work experience
Knowledge of electronic device packaging and fabrication
Knowledge of semiconductor physics and semiconductor failure analysis
Proficient in MATLAB, C/C++, and/or Python
Transcript Requirement
Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

Clearance Requirement: None

Access: None

Polygraph: None

Relocation Available: Yes

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

All Aerospace employees working in organizations with technical responsibilities are required to apply for and maintain at least a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required for those positions.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, national origin, protected veteran status, physical disability, medical condition, mental disability, or disability status and any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. If you’re an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran who needs assistance using our online job search and application tools or need reasonable accommodation to complete the job application process, please contact us by phone at 310.336.5432 or by email at ieo.mailbox@aero.org. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
