Data Scientist

Chicago, Illinois, United States

DESCRIPTION

CreditNinja is a FinTech company founded in 2017 by veteran serial entrepreneurs who were part of the core team behind Enova (NYSE:ENVA), a leading publicly traded consumer financial services company. CreditNinja's mission is to provide hardworking Americans with financial solutions when unexpected expenses arise. Unlike traditional banks, CreditNinja works hard to ensure that people with less-than-perfect credit can have quick access to the money they need. Headquartered in downtown Chicago, we are a lean and innovative team seeking like-minded talent to help us disrupt the consumer finance industry.

CreditNinja is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to join a team of analytics and machine learning experts. The hire will focus on building machine learning models and running exploratory data analysis to make a direct impact in a data-driven company. The individual must be self-directed and comfortable working with cross functional teams. This is an exciting and rare opportunity to join a well-capitalized startup on the ground floor and help drive our success.

Key Responsibilities:
Develop, improve and test companys models to optimize lending decisions by using advanced statistical modeling and simulation techniques
Support implementation of the models working closely with software engineering team
Research, test and operationalize new analytics techniques and data sources to improve portfolio performance
Conduct ad hoc analysis using advanced data mining tools to support risk management, operations and marketing strategies
Assist with development of technical tools and platforms to standardize and streamline model development and monitoring processes
Work with cross-functional teams to explore new ways of finding insights from data and provide recommendations. Conduct exploratory research into our data, our metrics, and how we can better use these commodities
REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor's, Master's or PhD in math, statistics, computer science, engineering or related field
5+ years of experience with data analytics and statistical modeling
Advanced programming skills in Python
Experience building machine learning models
Experience working with relational databases, such as SQL
Experience working within an open source environment
Strong quantitative and problem-solving skills with key attention to detail
Strong project management and organizational skills and the ability to work independently in a fast-paced, quickly changing environment
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Experience working with specialty finance or FinTech is a plus
Start-up experience is a plus
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the U.S. on a full-time basis
BENEFITS
Competitive salary and benefits package, including material equity grant
Casual dress policy
Fun, fast-paced work environment
Dynamic start-up culture
Ability to make an immediate impact in a growth stage company
Convenient downtown Chicago office located in the heart of the city
Equal opportunity employer
