Overview:


Founded in 1887, Dignity Health - California Hospital Medical Center is a 318-bed, acute care, nonprofit hospital located in downtown Los Angeles. The hospital offers a full complement of services including a Level II trauma center, the Los Angeles Center for Women's Health, obstetrics and pediatric services, and comprehensive cardiac and surgical services. The hospital shares a legacy of humankindness with Dignity Health, one of the nation's five largest health care systems. Visit for more information.


Responsibilities


Position Summary:

Performs a variety of clinical laboratory procedures in assigned sections to obtain and report data used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease. Uses technical skills, instrumentation, information systems and other resources to perform waived, moderately and highly complex procedures in order to provide clinical laboratory support to all user groups in the hospital and medical community. Provides clinical laboratory consultation in accordance with regulatory agency standards and laboratory law. Supervises all work performed by non-licensed staff and all other designated staff members.


Qualifications


Requirements:
One year of clinical internship or acute care experience.
Bachelor's Degree in clinical laboratory technology or related field.
ASCP Certification preferred.
Knowledge of the operation of routine laboratory instruments and standard laboratory technical procedures as assigned.
Familiar with troubleshooting techniques for instrumentation and test performance.
Knowledgeable in laboratory practice laws and regulatory agency standards.
Good written oral and communication skills.
Depending upon assignment may need specialized training in or on one or more scientific disciplines, instrument systems, or information systems.
May require special aptitude, skills development, flexibility in assignment and/or ability to handle multiple tasks or assignments.
Current CA Clinical Laboratory Scientist licensure required.
This position is represented by SEIU.

Equal Opportunity
Dignity Health is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, parental status, ancestry, veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, please
Dignity Health will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).

External hires must pass a post offer, pre-employment background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with an arrest and/or conviction will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, ban the box laws, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by telephone at
(415) 438-5575
and let us know the nature of your request. We will only respond to messages left that involve a request for a reasonable accommodation in the application process. We will accommodate the needs of any qualified candidate who requests a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Dignity Health participates in E-verify.
