About Frontier Communications

Frontier® Communications provides communications services to urban, suburban, and rural communities in 25 states. Frontier offers a variety of services to residential customers over its FiOS® and Vantage™ fiber-optic and copper networks, including video, high-speed internet, advanced voice, and Frontier Secure® digital protection solutions. Frontier Business™ offers communications solutions to small, medium, and enterprise businesses.

Manager – Call Center Analytics

The Call Center Analytics Manager is responsible for providing statistical studies and counsel to senior Residential sales leaders in implementing the sales organization’s objectives that appropriately reflect the firm’s business goals. The role will lead initiatives that will help to uncover the areas of growth, and what technology, people, and processes are needed to drive both growth and productivity within the specific market and verticals under their remit.

Reporting to the Director, Call Center, the role acts as a trusted advisor to the senior sales leadership team, detecting emerging trends and how the business can meet those opportunities and challenges to drive greater sales success. It harnesses data and technology to deliver clear sales plans, optimized coverage models and insights that business can act on, creating predictability and rigor in sales management, and driving adoption of new selling processes and methodologies.

Sales Analytics & Reporting
Manage sales analysis projects and statistical studies to ensure sales execution and achievement of growth objectives.
Evaluation of sales goals, sales performance as well as assisting towards preparing sales forecasts.
Prepare and deliver actionable presentations to the stakeholders and help answering critical business questions.
Create executive scorecards with visualizations to track changes in key business metrics and KPIs.
Communicate findings to leadership and to the broader organization by preparing polished presentations and identifying key takeaways
Optimize reporting processes and workflows to improve team efficiency and time-to-results while partnering cross-functionally with other analytics resources within other functions across the organization.
Work closely with senior sales leadership to define the optimal performance measurements and performance management programs required to ensure market/vertical success. Align reporting, training and incentive programs with these performance management priorities.
Develop coverage models for market/verticals operating across multiple countries that optimize coverage with cost and deploy resources in the most efficient way, while delivering a superior customer experience.
Responsible for devising the methodology for equitably assigning sales channel quotas and ensuring the firm’s financial objectives are optimally allocated to all sales channels and resources through the quota program.
Lead ongoing analysis and insights into business performance to support decision-making.
Oversee the accurate and efficient distribution of sales reports, forecasts and other intelligence essential to the sales channel organization.
Recommends revisions to existing reports and leads the development of new reporting tools as needed.
Partners with senior sales channel leadership to identify opportunities for sales process improvement. Facilitates successful implementation of new sales programs by ensuring a well-defined, efficient sales process is in place for launch. Fosters an organization of continuous process improvement.
Implement and oversee enabling technologies, including CRM. Monitors compliance within the required standards and work closely with sales channel leadership to optimize the effectiveness of the firm’s technology investments.
Work with sales channel leadership to create and maintain a world-class Sales culture, focused on delivering results by providing ongoing coaching and development of the sales team.
Position Requirements
5+ years experience in sales analytics or strategic planning (management consulting background preferred)
3+ years experience in a management role
Bachelor’s Degree with a focus on analytics or sales or management or other related field (MBA preferred)
Strong data analytical skills with experience in reporting and interpretation through compiling large amounts of data into an understandable format to support problem solving.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, including ability to succinctly synthesize data, develop recommendations, create slides and present to senior leaders
Skilled at operating at both strategic and tactical levels, managing multiple projects and priorities with a high attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently to meet deadlines with little supervision.
Comfort with ambiguity with an ability to learn quickly and thrive in a complex, dynamic environment
Demonstrates leadership skills in a team setting, with the ability to influence and build consensus with senior leaders, colleagues and partners at all levels.
Experience and exposure within Telecom a plus but not required
Strong understanding of Microsoft office suite applications.
Understanding of data visualization tools.
Understanding of database management and architecture.
