Job title: Senior Data Scientist
Job type: Permanent
Emp type: Full-time
Salary:
Negotiable
Location: Chicago, United States
Job published: 2020-01-15
Job ID: 41634

Job Description


Our client is looking for Senior Data Scientist to join their Chicago office. You will not be required to have any prior knowledge of the financial markets for this role.

Responsibilities:
Converting human pattern recognition and decision-making processes into automated aspects of the trading workflow.
Finding innovative solutions to known problems that will support and expand the core business.
Driving the firm forward with new ideas that will impact the way they leverage market data.
Defining best practices within the analytics team regarding prototyping and scaling solutions.
Assisting software developers in translating research results to production.
Mentoring junior researchers on the analytics and trading teams.


Requirements:
5+ years of experience in either machine learning, deep learning, stats, compute science/engineering, with at least 2 of those years focused on machine learning or deep learning.
A demonstrated track record of applying ML techniques to real-world problems.
Extensive knowledge of statistical modeling.
An interest in staying up-to-date with recent advances in machine learning.
The ability to collaborate with subject matter experts in defining appropriate features and metrics for a given model.
The confidence to take the lead on a project, work through the practical business decisions involved, and carry it to completion in a timely manner.
Comfort implementing new models from papers.
Experience working with large, noisy, or incomplete data sets.
Expertise in Python (Pytorch and Tensorflow preferred) and SQL.
Education:
Degree in machine learning, statistics, mathematics, computer science, or other quantitative disciplines
If you would like to be considered for the position of Senior Data Scientist or wish to discuss the role further then please leave your details below. Your resume will be held in confidence until you connect with a member of our team
