Honey is a fast-growing startup based in Los Angeles. Our online shopping platforms provide users with a smarter way to shop through instant access to exclusive savings, deals, and rewards powered by the collective knowledge of Honey's community of online shoppers. We are helping millions save when they shop online, and we're hiring! We are seeking a seasoned Manager to lead and mentor the Native Shopping Analytics Team in our Los Angeles office.

We work closely with the Product, Growth, and Engineering teams to understand online shopping trends, provide valuable customer experiences, and inform product development across shopping platforms. Together, we sit at the intersection of people and technology to deliver users a smarter way to shop.

What You'll Do:

As the Manager, Data Science – Native Shopping Analytics at Honey, you will:
Act as a player/coach to build, manage, and mentor a team of highly-skilled data analysts and data scientists, developing forward-thinking analysis that will optimize Honey's product experience to better serve customers.
Manage the development and reporting of KPIs to inform decision making and support business recommendations.
Provide thought leadership across the organization by leveraging data and insights to inform product strategy and business growth.
Prioritize and manage the development of high-quality analytics deliverables at scale.
Be a strong advocate for the team by representing their needs and challenges with cross-functional leadership to establish a long-term roadmap.
About You:
3+ years of experience managing a team of Analysts and/or Data Scientists
Highly proficient with dashboarding tools like Tableau, Periscope Data is a plus
Extensive hands-on experience with SQL, BigQuery and MySQL is a plus
Exhibit exceptional leadership skills that include, but not limited to, performance management, talent planning, development, and recognition.
A proven track record of using quantitative analysis to impact key decisions supporting consumer products initiatives at a tech organization.
Comfortable taking vague requirements and transform them into concise deliverables, and manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to work independently, deal with ambiguity, and meet deadlines in a fast-moving environment with a focus on results.
Strong effective communications and presentation skills and the ability to influence at all levels.
Strong working knowledge of Python, R, and/or D3 is a plus
Bachelor's degree required, advanced degree is a plus
Experience in mobile analytics required.
At Honey, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive company. We seek to create a culture where everyone can belong because we believe that people do their best work when they can show up every day as their authentic selves. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives.

Honey is an equal opportunity employer. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law.
