Job Description
Advantage Resourcing is seeking a Scientist, Manufacturing Sciences for our client in West Hills, CA.

The Scientist I, Manufacturing Sciences is responsible to manage and prioritize assigned projects related to development and improvement of DNA-based diagnostic reagents with supervision.

Responsibilities:
Simultaneously manage and prioritize multiple projects and products across multiple functional groups while meeting target due dates with guidance of supervisor/lead.
Design, create experimental task, run tests and be able to look at data and complete analysis using Fusion, Orchid, or equivalent software. Can provide experimental task(s) to designated Scientist with Supervisor approval.
Be able to identify improvements, initiate and implement the solutions with the guidance of the supervisor.
Adapt, implement and train current and new Scientist I lab functions/procedure to other Scientists and provide guidance and support throughout projects and product builds (SAP, Operate UV spectrophotometer, and thermal cycler, agarose gel electrophoresis, UV image analyzer, Luminex 200, FlexMAP3D, high speed centrifuge and other hardware. Reconstitution, quantification, QC test, organization and maintenance of all raw materials such as oligonucleotides, ancillary reagents, and genomic DNAs, etc.).
Coordinate, plan and manage the day-to-day tasks to maintain the project(s)/product(s) workflow with guidance from Scientist II/III/Supervisor.
Manage, plan, and design experimental methods under supervision as needed to achieve technical objectives as well as identify and solve problems with minimum complexity.
Prepare accurate and timely reports to Scientist II-III/Management.
Conduct maintenance and organization of reagents and equipment.
Maintain and perform all aspects of receiving and quality control testing of raw materials.
Update and maintain raw material and semi inventories. Be able to do Cycle count.
Prepare and QC buffer solutions.
Maintain and update all required SOP’s and quality records of equipment maintenance, tests, analyses and other relevant data with the guidance of Scientist II/III/Supervisor.
Implement and execute Practical knowledge of PPI Business System/LEAN concepts including continuous improvement with supervision
Be able to identify goals, review and update Supervisor throughout the year and complete the PMD

Education
High school diploma or equivalent required.
Bachelor’s degree in Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Molecular Biology or related field.

Experience
At least 1 – 2 years lab experience in school or work related.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities
Bachelor’s degree in Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Molecular Biology or related field
Knows basic principles, methods and practices of HLA and scientific/technical field or software, typically via formal study and/or work in the field
Understands industry practices and standards and is able to relate day-to-day work to business problems
Knowledge and hands-on experience of molecular biology and recombinant DNA techniques
Strong organizational and time management skills, as well as ability to work in a detail-oriented manner
Ability to exercise decision making with the guidance of Management/Scientist II-III
Excellent computer skills
Follow oral and written directions, read, understand and implement written laboratory procedures
Communicate clearly and concisely, orally and in writing
Builds productive cross-functional relationships with colleagues in other functions
During situations that have high impact to the business, quickly escalate them by bringing solutions and consulting with Supervisor
Be able to efficiently handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously
Develop skills to perform other duties as assigned
All laboratory personnel are expected to notify their immediate supervisor of any unsafe conditions and/or practices and to take appropriate corrective action. This position will have daily contact with other laboratory personnel
Maintain confidentiality of sensitive laboratory and business data
Ensure that safe laboratory procedures and protocols are followed at all times, especially in the application of universal precautions in handling of all blood and blood products
Ensure all processes and teams are in adherence of cGMP and GDP
Ensure compliance with corporate, site, and regulatory policies, practices, and guidelines

Working Conditions
Frequently work at lab bench, low temperature freezers and PC workstations
Handle blood samples and blood byproducts occasionally
Some lifting of objects including laboratory instrumentation of 35 pounds
Work in office/computer/analysis

About Advantage Resourcing

Advantage Resourcing makes all employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, ancestry, medical condition, age, marital status, national origin, citizen status, political affiliation, union membership, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran status, denial of medical or family leave, pregnancy or pregnancy disability leave or any other protected group status as defined by federal, state or local law. We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application or interviewing process. If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us. Advantage Resourcing is an E-verify employer.
Company Description
Let’s find your next job – together. Whether you’re looking for temporary work or a direct-hire job, Advantage Resourcing will connect you to an opportunity that closely matches your interests and skills. Advantage Resourcing is a proud member of Staffmark Group, an award-winning family of staffing brands with a national network of 450+ offices. We connect over 250,000 people to jobs each year, and we’re ready to put this expertise to work for you! Learn more at www.advantageresourcing.com.
