Site Name: UK - London - Brentford, USA - North Carolina - Research Triangle Park, USA - Pennsylvania - Philadelphia
Posted Date: Mar 17 2020

Data Engineer is accountable for developing and delivering cloud-based data ingestion solutions across the Pharma Commercial. You will be working on fully up to date technologies in the Data & Analytics environment and in a team, which is fully committed to remain at the leading edge of this skill set. Therefore, the impetus to keep improving skills and acquiring skill sets in new technologies will be very strong. If you are a top-flight developer who wants to continue to keep learning and remain at the cutting edge of the very fast-moving Data Analytics technology environment, then this role is for you.

This is very hands-on development role which includes developing & delivering code through from origin to production, plus working in partnership with 3rd party development service providers to help ensure that code comes in on time, to quality and in line with the overall ecosystem being established. The Data engineer will directly contribute to the extensive and varied build and deployment activities involved in establishing the new platform then continue to work on the already significant and growing pipeline of future build-outs on the platform.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following
Development: Hands on, sleeves up development and delivery expected as a matter of course.
Delivery: Ensure project goals are achieved on time in alignment with the stakeholders expectation. Ability to work on complex projects and in a distributed environment. Escalate to other Data & Analytics leadership team when needing support. Work in close collaboration with other team members in the CH BI Tech team, to ensure Development/Delivery aspects are well represented in the projects requirements and deliverables.
Methodology: . Incorporate agile ways of working into the delivery process thru use of DABL (Discovery, Alpha, Beta, Launch) framework to show value periodically. Individuals will work as part of product-centric delivery team(s) that will focus on delivering value independently while fully embracing integrated DevOps approaches.
Ownership: Take ownership for the delivery/development projects and help steer until completion.
Governance: Follow governance that allows projects and stakeholders to manage overall project performance and manage programme risks within the global nature of some of the programmes.
Forward looking: Remain flexible towards technology approaches to ensure that the best advantage is being taken of new technologies. Keep abreast of industry developments in analytics and be able to interpret how these would impact services and present new opportunities.
Quality, Risk & Compliance: Ensure all risk and issues associated with owned projects are recorded and managed in the appropriate Risk & Issue logs in a timely manner. Ensure all Risks and Issues have clear action/mitigation/contingency plans defined, with named action owners and timelines for completion.
Technical Architecture: Be conversant with technical architecture to contribute to design discussions in partnership with the Delivery/Development Director and dedicated Analytics & Data Architect.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MS/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Design or equivalent experience.
6-8 years as a Developer in the Data & Analytics arena with demonstrated expertise in emerging technologies and data technology platforms and management.
Fully conversant with agile and DevOps development methodology and concepts. Must have worked in CI/CD ways of working using tools like Azure DevOps.
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Ideal candidate would have built an impressive hands-on career to date in an advanced, recognized and innovative environment around Data & Analytics.
Fully conversant with big-data processing approaches and schema-on-read methodologies is a must and knowledge of Azure Data Factory/DataBricks/Azure Data Lake/Azure DW/Analysis Services is highly preferred. Understanding AWS and GCP cloud platforms is a plus.
Experience of the Azure analytics components, Power BI, Power Apps & Microsoft Visual Studio is desirable.
Good to have an excellent development skills & extensive hand-on development & coding experience in a variety of languages, e.g. C#, Python, SQL, DAX, etc.
Have a highly innovative mind-set and experience with analytics in a healthcare or CPG company.
Ability to work in close partnership with other IT functions such as IT security, compliance, infrastructure, etc. as well as partner closely with business stakeholders in the commercial and digital organizations.
Experience in executing Data Analytics projects in an Agile manner, articulation of Value depending on the project life cycle stage, Creating MVPs, developing plans for scale up are all very important experience to be successful in this role.
Great communication skills and ability to communicate inherently complicated technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
