Job Description
The Role

Antuit is looking for a Senior Managing Consultant - Data Scientist, who has knowledge and experience in developing machine learning algorithms, particularly in supply chain and forecasting with Python and Spark.

In this role, the candidate will design the approach, develop and test machine learning algorithms, and implement the solution. The candidate should have excellent communication skills and be results driven with a customer centric approach to problem solving. Experience working in the demand forecasting or supply chain domain is a plus. This job also requires the ability to operate in a multi-geographic delivery environment. Excellent opportunity to learn and contribute to solving world-class data science problems.

Responsibilities
Design, develop, test, and implement robust machine learing algorithms
Collaborate with client to align business requirements with data science systems and process solutions that ensure client’s overall objectives are met.
Create meaningful presentations and analyses that tell a “story” focused on insights, to communicate the results and ideas to key decision makers in Antuit and client companies
Collaborate effectively with other development teams and solution experts to solve complex problems
Contribute to standard business processes and practices as part of a community of practise
Be the subject matter expert across multiple work streams and clients
Set a clear vision for the team members and working cohesively to attain it
Lead, mentor and coach team members
Skills/Qualifications
Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math or related fields
Excellent machine learning and data analytics skills
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Effective communication and presentation skills
Strong management track record
Leadership qualities
Strong inter-personal skills and passion to work collaboratively
Experience
10+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis to solve problems
10+ years experience with implementing data analytics solutions
Skilled in machine learning, problem-solving, pattern recognition and predictive modeling with expertise in PySpark and Python.
Experience in forecasting and optimization problems.
Experience in working with cloud Big Data Stack to orchestrate data gathering, cleansing, data preparation, and modeling
Experience working in start-up type environment preferred
Experience in retail and/or consumer packaged goods preferred
