RAPP Chicago is looking for a Data Engineer

to join our rapidly growing Technology Team.


ABOUT RAPP

Our purpose

We are the agency absolutely, utterly, fiercely focused on the individual. We use our data, technology and creative smarts to make meaningful, connections with every single person a brand knows.

Our family

We are part of the OPMG group, which is in turn a part of Omnicom. This group also includes Critical Mass, Targetbase, Proximity, Credera, and sparks&honey and other well-known agencies.

Our clients

From national defense, to buying a sweet new ride, to biting into a Big Mac®, we provide smart solutions for companies like Army, Toyota, McDonald's, and more.

We are looking for people who want to strategically and functionally lead a business that is based in database marketing principles, anchored in data and insights at the core, and understand the need to create a connected experience through traditional and emerging channels, across all disciplines-data-driven creativity at its finest.

ABOUT YOU

As a data engineer, you define solutions for the use, extraction and manipulation of data - driven by the balanced combination of business needs and consumer preferences. You work in close collaboration with multidisciplinary teams to provide the data needed, in the optimal format for making critical, real-time decision.

You can communicate through a project with ease and understanding and you know your tools like the back of your hand.

You are experienced with writing complex SQL statements and mapping relational database structure. You strive in designing & continuously improving data workflows using enterprise campaign management solutions such as Adobe Campaign, Unica, Eloqua, Marketo and/or Salesforce Marketing Cloud.

You may have experimented in the past with BI tools such as Tableau, Domo or QlikView, and have R/Python in your radar

Most importantly not only can you do the job, you can explain it to a relative and they actually understand. You are self-directed, highly motivated and have fun while working hard in a fast-paced environment.
