MEDIA DATA ANALYST

At Bloom Ads, we provide our clients with powerful and innovative media
strategies, along with big ideas that are driven by insights. Blooms data
science practice is at the forefront of this process, helping to uncover these
insights via sophisticated and rigorous data analysis.

As an Analyst you will develop compelling actionable insights through
quantitative analysis, innovative thinking, and storytelling with data. You
will work a to identify new reporting needs, automate recurrent report requests
where possible, identify data trends, and propose changes to improve the
quality of the information that is processed. You will contribute to the
delivery of smart marketing and strategic advice through the combination of
data & insight.

Areas_Of_Responsibility
Production of campaign reports and analyses according to measurement
plans
Development of observations and actionable insights around campaign
results
Data Storytelling of results and analyses in presentation decks/slides
Consolidation of learnings across similar campaigns
Identification of opportunities to automate any/all analyses and identify
processes for efficiencies
Maintenance of data systems and processes used for reporting and on-going
data analysis
Development of Dashboards in visualization tools such as Tableau
On-going data QA to ensure data used for reporting and analysis is
accurate

Education
Bachelor s degree in Statistics, Math, Business, Marketing, Economics
Social Science or other related field of study is required at a minimum

Requirements
1-3 years of experience working with data driven field, utilizing
quantitative techniques to solve problems such as campaign analysis,
optimization, customer segmentation, and/or predictive modeling
A strong desire to learn and passion for digital marketing, research and
analytics
Ability to work well with others and work in cross functional teams
Ability to manage and prioritize a number of concurrent tasks in a fast-
paced environment
Ability to clearly explain complex technical ideas to multiple audiences
both verbally and in writing
Strong attention to detail
Desired_Technical_Skills

These technical skills are listed to give you a general idea about the tools
and techniques we use. The tools and techniques you will be using in your
specialization unit will be a subset of the below.
Strong proficiency with MS Excel, PowerPoint or Keynote are a must
Experience/familiarity in ad-serving and web analytics tools (Google DFA,
Atlas, Google Analytics, Omniture, etc.)
Experience or familiarity with syndicated research sources/tools (MRI,
Simmons, Scarborough, IMS, Nielsen, comScore)
Experience or familiarity with digital ad effectiveness research
Experience or familiarity with visualization tools such as Datorama/
QlikView are a plus
Experience/familiarity with concepts of database design and SQL are a
plus
Familiarity with web technologies including HTML and Java script
About_The_Company

At Bloom Ads Global Media Group, we are obsessed with bringing innovative
perspective to our carefully crafted media plans by creating stories that
resonate with today s consumer. Since our agency s founding we have ha
distinct focus on results and accountability. Our clients get the attention of
a boutique advertising agency and the support of a big fish firm without the
big fish fees.

Note: Some light travel in personal vehicle, is required in this position. The
preceding functions have been provided as the types of work performed by the
employees assigned to this job classification. Management reserves the right to
add, modify, change or rescind the work assignments of different positions and
to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified employees can perform the
essential functions of the job. This job description does not promise or imply
that the functions listed are the only duties to be performed or that the
position may not change or be eliminated.

About_The_Company

Responsible for developing best-in-class media solutions. In a widely disparate
advertising landscape, we leverage best-in-class strategy, technology and
analytics to deliver the most comprehensive, highest-performing media solutions
on the market. We provide extensive expertise for some of the best and
brightest brands across our agency partner landscape. Headquartered in Los
Angeles, California, Bloom operates in 100+ markets worldwide.

We are a fast-paced, risk-taking, close-knit environment where ideas come from
everywhere at every level. We believe that diversity of background, talent,
skill set and mindset create a flourishing environment for new thinking and
ideas. Our business is growing and we are always looking for new talent. If you
are driven by challenging work, passionate about media and technology and
interested in helping to shape the future of our industry, we would like to
hear from you! To apply, please send your resume, cover letter and salary
requirements to .

Note: Travel to and from client and vendor sites in personal vehicle, may be
required in this position. The preceding functions have been provided as the
types of work performed by the employees assigned to this job classification.
Management reserves the right to add, modify, change or rescind the work
assignments of different positions and to make reasonable accommodations so
that qualified employees can perform the essential functions of the job. This
job description does not promise or imply that the functions listed are the
only duties to be performed or that the position may not change or be
eliminated.
Show moreShow less
