Position Overview

We are seeking a Quantitative Analyst in our Evanston office to join the Systematic Investing team. The analyst will develop investment models for a multi-strategy fund, working within a variety of markets, instruments and strategies. The ideal candidate will have experience in empirical finance and other quantitative techniques such as factor modeling and portfolio optimization. The candidate needs to be a team player with excellent communication skills, and able to perform and excel in a fast-paced environment.

Qualifications
PhD or Masters in applied mathematics, quantitative finance, computer science, or related technical fields. 0-2 years of work experience is acceptable; 2-5 years of work experience is preferred.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Excellent mathematical and modeling skills
Broad statistical toolkit including machine learning, econometrics, and non-parametric methods
Experience with factor modeling and portfolio optimization
Experience with statistical techniques in empirical finance
Strong programming skills in languages such as Matlab, Python, C++, and C#.
Ability to work independently or as part of a team
Ability to work in a high functioning environment
About Us

Magnetar Capital is a leading alternative asset manager with $12.5 billion under management as of January 2020. We are conveniently headquartered in downtown Evanston, steps from public transportation and the lakefront. We operate substantial satellite offices in New York, London and Houston.

When you join Magnetar, you will work alongside individuals who are among the best in the business at what they do. We attract highly skilled, dedicated professionals who enjoy working across practices and executing innovative ideas.

Our culture is based on the core values of insight, integrity and passion. We have an intense level of intellectual curiosity, a profound passion for our work and care deeply about delivering results for the Firm and for each other. These qualities drive everything we do.

We seek to generate consistent performance across a variety of market conditions by identifying differentiated investment ideas that we believe can be developed into scalable businesses. We invest across three core pillars: Alternative Credit & Fixed Income, Energy & Infrastructure and Systematic Investing.

We know how important healthy choices are to our employees. We offer an onsite gym in our Evanston office (and subsidized memberships for other office locations), kitchens with healthy snacks, and health-conscious, catered lunches daily at no cost to our employees.

Magnetar employees are passionate about philanthropy and there are plenty of ways for employees to give back through the Magnetar Capital Foundation (a nonprofit focusing on increasing access to financial education programs in high-schools), organized volunteer efforts, and our company matching contributions program. Employees also receive one Community Day per year to volunteer at a cause of their choosing. To further enrich our work environment, we also organize extracurricular activities such as our running club and bowling teams as well as company-sponsored social events for employees and families.

We hope you’ll consider joining us as you explore careers at Magnetar!
