Why Work With Us

Strike is a leader in the fast-growing marketing technology sector. We're not just succeeding, we're kicking butt. Come help build the next generation of advertising and marketing technology using the latest technologies including Machine Learning, Real-time Analytics, and Experimental Modeling on the Strike Marketing Cloud/Data Warehouse. Strike has offices in Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, Singapore, Australia, the Philippines and Poland.

Data Scientist (Entry Level)

Who you are:

You are someone who takes pride in your work, seeks order in chaos, and wants the opportunity to work with like-minded individuals. You are a leader, not a follower, with an innovative spirit who wants to collaborate with a team of brilliant minds in our quest to generate amazing insights.

What you'll do:

We are working on some challenging problems that require bright minds and grit to help us solve. We work in an agile environment with lots of cool toys. Our Data Scientists research and create our learning infrastructure using Python and then work with Data Engineering to build micro services into our data lake.

A career at Strike is an exciting journey where you will:
Partner with product development teams to research, design and implement learning systems that recommend, optimize, and predict marketing campaign performance for top brands across multiple advertising platforms including YouTube (Adwords and DV360), Facebook/Instagram, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Pinterest and more
Develop algorithms and models that inform customer activities
Participate in the architecture and development of a closed-loop learning system reading and feeding our private data warehouse
Play a key role architecting and building our Marketing Data Warehouse
Report progress, issues and status at daily and weekly stand-ups
Stay abreast of emerging technologies and new design approaches
Provide technical leadership both within and outside the technology team
What you need:
Bachelor's degree or higher - Quantitative field such as Computing Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, or Engineering
2+ years of strong mathematical and statistical data analysis experience
2+ years of experimental data / modeling experience
2+ years of Machine Learning experience including black box and bespoke solutions
2+ years of Python development experience
Agile software development methodology experience and test-driven development experience
Take pride in writing clean dependable algorithms
Strong ability to analyze problems and formulate effective solutions
Sharp critical thinking skills, including systems and business analysis, problem analysis and resolution, and sound judgment/decision making ability
Proven ability to work in a rapid release product environment
Impress us with:
Masters or PhD - Quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, or Engineering
Experience with Database optimization and maintenance
Experience to develop and deploy Machine Learning and Algorithmic micro services
Working at Strike Social

Strike is a close-knit, work-hard/play-hard environment. If you want a fun, challenging and rewarding experience, apply to join our team! Aside from standard (and generous) employee benefits, Strike offers an open office environment, casual dress code, a spectacular Loop location and frequent team outings.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status.

Direct inquiries only, no recruiters please.
