Goodway Group is a fully-remote, digital marketing, and advertising firm. We sit at the intersection of top talent, amazing technical partnerships, and game-changing analytics within the ad technology and marketing technology space. We're well-established with the pace of a start-up. This position is work from home (or anywhere else you have reliable internet) and can be located anywhere within the United States.

Who We Are

Goodway Group aims to be the beacon of honesty and intelligence in the programmatic marketplace. We deliver authentic results for our clients by running smart advertising campaigns. Data Science & & Analytics at Goodway Group develops data products that ensure the company's media campaigns are running efficiently. Doing this involves:
showing feasibility through data analysis,
designing and producing prototypes
deploying models to production.
Who You Are

A Data Scientist is a key member of the Data Science and Analytics team at Goodway. This team utilizes advanced tools and innovative techniques to maximize advertising results for our clients, as well as demonstrates thought leadership within the digital advertising industry.

You will be at the center of data analysis, modeling, machine learning, and data engineering and on the bleeding-edge in the ad-tech space.

The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience working on a wide range of optimization and analytics problems in ad-tech including fraud detection/mitigation, price prediction, conversion attribution, and modeling, as well as experience with the tools of the trade including SQL, Python, Hive, R, Athena, and others.

What You Will Do
Design, build and deploy algorithms to optimize the performance of advertising campaigns.
Define data requirements and gather/validate information, applying judgment and statistical tests.
Apply various models and methods to test, learn, and improve the manner in which data is being evaluated and algorithms are being built.
Construct data narratives to convey complex ideas to non-technical stakeholders.
Be constantly learning the latest technologies and trends.
Work with analysts and stakeholders to gather, understand, and develop business initiatives and specifications.
Provide expertise and leadership on making technical decisions, thus delivering a platform that provides business value and meets end-user goals.
What We Offer

Goodway Group is a wholly remote organization, so no commute to consider! We offer unlimited PTO (MyTime) because we know you're at your best when your life has balance. We have the usual steak and potatoes array of benefits, as well as some great wellness programs that are available to both you and your family. While we work remotely, we foster an environment that promotes connectedness and community.

For a lot more detail, make sure to check us out on Glassdoor!

You’ll Be Successful Because You Are
Knowledgeable: B.S., M.S. or Ph.D. in computer science, math, statistics or a strong quantitative educational background
Experienced: Minimum of 2 years’ experience in applied data science, machine learning or modeling
Adept with Python/Bash and some exposure to modern software development practices including GitHub/git-flow and automated testing
Experience working with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Pig, Presto, Athena or Qubole
Excellent communication skills and ability to convey ideas accurately and concisely to both technical and non-technical employees
Adaptable to any and every situation: You have a knack for being fluid and embracing change.
A quick study: swiftly demonstrate an understanding of the business, organizational structure, culture, client base, and industry.
Masterful ability to evangelize Goodway’s values and culture to both prospects and employees.
Results-Oriented: we call this grit. You can be counted on to exceed goals, and you’re known to push yourself and others across the finish line
Ability to learn new paradigms, tools, and processes quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, rapidly changing, exciting work environment
Excellent communication skills and ability to convey ideas accurately and concisely to both technical and non-technical employees
Work From Home: we all work from our home offices throughout the United States
Things You Should Know
Our workdays can sometimes be long and unpredictable. You should be comfortable and capable of sitting and/or standing at a desk for at least 8 hours.
Twice per year, we gather together to work and play for a week. Both retreats are “can’t miss” events (like seriously…they are mandatory). There may also be other opportunities to travel depending on your specific role and business needs.
Goodway embraces a culture of equality and wants applications from everyone, regardless of race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, marital status, citizen status, age, disability, military or protected veteran status, genetic predisposition or carrier status or any other legally protected status.
