Job Description


Data Scientist 2 - Styling/Trunks Data Science & Analytics

Join a high impact, customer-obsessed data science and analytics team!

Nordstrom is a specialty retailer offering the very best in fashion and customer service since 1901. We live by five simple values that guide how we work together day-to-day and how we deliver analytics & data science products. We are customer-obsessed, owners at heart, curious and ever-changing, we extend ourselves to our peers and our customers, and we’re here to win! We're proud to be named to Fortune™ magazine's list of '100 Best Companies to Work For.' We believe this recognition comes from our desire to empower our employees to set their sights high and deliver exceptional service to customers. At Nordstrom, we apply Data Science across a complex and rapidly evolving retail landscape to develop innovative data products, new business processes and improve the customer experience in our stores and online. Our data science teams are composed of interdisciplinary contributors with a broad scope who work in an energizing and collaborative atmosphere.

The Styling Data Science & Analytics team is on a mission to reinvent digital styling experiences through the power of data and artificial intelligence. We are working on exciting, cutting edge and impactful opportunities, such as: building advanced recommendation systems, making sense of text data via natural language processing, extracting valuable insights from images via computer vision algorithms and develop analytics solutions that enable the business to make data-driven decisions.

The ideal candidate is a creative self-starter and strong technical contributor who is always looking for new opportunities to solve business problems with data-driven tools. We welcome your curiosity about the business, your passion to unlock rich, nuanced insights from complicated data and the desire to communicate those insights in a way that drives positive business outcomes.

We are committed to building teams that reflect the diversity of our customers and active inclusion is core to how Nordstrom wins. We’re an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals from underrepresented backgrounds to apply.

If the idea to make a difference in this vibrant intersection of fashion, data science, and technology excites you, join our world-class data science team!

What you'll do

Technical Excellence
Track record of delivering end-to-end data science products, i.e. ability to work across the product lifecycle from research and discovery to operationalization and production.
You are familiar with the entire end-to-end ML pipeline, including a wide range of the families of techniques for each step of the ML product development.
Strong Python skills and proficiency in at least one machine learning framework and common data science libraries (e.g., spark, scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, tensorflow, pytorch, keras, theano, seaborn, matplotlib, etc.)
Good software engineering best practices, including story estimation, test driven development, code review, and version control with git.
Own medium machine learning projects driving technical decisions and making informed trade-offs that balance quick wins with long term robust solutions with minimal supervision
Your passion for machine learning, curiosity, problem solving, and innovation empower you to stay up-to-date with research and to prototype new ideas quickly
Relationships and communication
Engage with Data Science & Analytics program management and stakeholders to frame, structure and prioritize business problems where projects or tools can have the biggest impact.
Collaborate with a cross-functional agile team spanning product management, engineering, user research and design to build innovative product solutions.
Work closely with data engineering partners to leverage and improve our Machine Learning infrastructure.
Influence the product strategy by uncovering business opportunities.
Comfort and aptitude for regularly presenting progress, insights and recommendations to stakeholders and senior leadership.
Strong technical writer and documenter.
Good Python skills including proficiency with popular data science libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, etc.) and visualization libraries (e.g., seaborn, ggplot, Altair, Plotly, etc.).
Familiarity with more specialized libraries/frameworks (e.g., tensorflow, scrapy, etc.) is a plus.
What your background may look like
2+ years of relevant hands-on industry experience with track record of building successful end-to-end data product
Degree in a quantitative field (or equivalent experience). MS preferred. PhD is a plus.
Experience with SQL and NoSQL data environments and tools such as Hadoop, Spark, DynamoDB is a plus.
Experience with Amazon Web Services ecosystem is a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
A few of our perks
Tremendous opportunity to work on some of the most exciting machine learning problems and learn from a large team of data science experts
Career advancement opportunities and annual stipend for continuous education
Lunch and learns
Hackathon days
State of the art workplace environment in the popular Chicago River North neighborhood. Social environment with built-in bars, a rooftop view, and our very own coffee shop!
Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, 401(k) match
Nordstrom discount
A company culture like you’ve never experienced

We’ve got you covered…

Our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. Nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families, including:
Medical/Vision, Dental, Retirement and Paid Time Away
Life Insurance and Disability
Merchandise Discount and EAP Resources
A few more important points...

The job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. It’s not all-inclusive. There may be additional duties, responsibilities and qualifications for this job.

Nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements.

Applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest Nordstrom location, which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com.

Nordstrom Careers Privacy Policy: https://careers.nordstrom.com/#/contact-us/privacy

© 2020 Nordstrom, Inc.

Current Nordstrom employees: To apply, log into Workday, click the Careers button and then click Find Jobs.
