(This is a 3 month Internship. This is not a remote opportunity. This role is located in Chicago IL.)

Who We Are:

We reward shoppers for digitizing their shopping experience.
Our mission is to delight the world's shoppers with a free smartphone app that is easy, smart and fun.

Why Join the Fetch Family?

We make it better for users even when that's difficult for us
We empower people with information and trust
We challenge ideas, not people
We think bigger and keep building
We find ways to bring the fun to Fetch!

We're committed to building an empowered and inclusive community of innovative and passionate people. As a growing organization, we need team players who can go above and beyond their individual responsibilities to help our company build towards its vision. If you are a creative, hard-working, and fun-seeking person interested in working with a close-knit group of highly talented people, this is the right place for you.

Fetch Rewards is an equal employment opportunity employer.

The Role!

The Data Science & Analytics team embodies these values and works with a laser focused objective to enable data driven decision making for both internal stakeholders and external partners. We are looking for a Data Scientist Intern to contribute to this vision and reap the rewards of joining an exciting company in the high growth phase.

You will create analytical solutions that help Fetch teams leverage and monetize actionable insights from our unique data. This is a challenging and high visibility position, responsible for creating these solutions as well as influencing technical direction. Success in this role requires the ability to take on challenging problems and design & develop an amazing solution with little to no assistance.

You possess:
Ability to create SQL/Python programming modules for custom insights required by our Product Teams. Leverage statistical analysis to understand what is "acceptable" versus "outliers".
Ability to successfully collaborate with both business users and engineers for effective analytical solution development and deployment. Create automated KPI dashboards and monitoring reports.
Passion to drive actionable insights from product usage and other relevant data to measure success of experiments, diagnosis of issues, understanding of general consumer behavior.
Ability to present insights to business stakeholders through Tableau / Powerpoint / Excel in a compelling manner.
Knack for conducting the apt Data Exploration needed to enhance the cleanliness and effectiveness of our data sources.
Discipline to create well documented coding and analytics packets to ensure reusability as the team expands.
Master's in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or any other Quantitative field
Bonus points for:
Experience in analytics at app-based / Consumer Tech companies
Good grasp of machine learning techniques, and their application in the real world.
Familiarity with Big Data frameworks like Snowflake, Spark and AWS services
Familiarity with Tableau or any other visualization tools
Effective communication, ability to translate and explain technical issues to non-technical team members
Love of Dogs! . . . Or just tolerance. We're a very canine-friendly workplace
