Job Description
Data Scientist, Chicago, IL

Smarter Thinking. Real Results. Technology consulting has been our story for over 14 years. Companies from all industries partner with us for our innovative mindset to help them digitally transform to create market advantages, become resilient, and prepare for what’s next. With us, the possible becomes actual.

We provide strategic and innovative consulting services focused on digital experiences, engineering, automation, data and analytics, and salesforce solutions. Saggezza consultants work as part of a global team, and throughout their tenure, have the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects across various clients and industries. We are chartered to do one thing, and one thing only – to bring enabling technology to our clients that allow them to move their business forward.

We are currently looking to hire a Data Scientist to join our team.

What You’ll Definitely Need
BA degree in a closely related field with data analysis orientation. Analytical background with a creative approach to problem solving
4+ years’ experience with Python worked in building analytical solutions using Statistical, Machine Learning, Deep Learning etc. Proficiency with 3rd-party data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Good working experience in Data Analysis, Data Wrangling, Data Cleaning and Data Transformation.
Excellent working experience of machine learning on technology stacks such as Python, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, Apache Spark and R using libraries such as e1071 and Caret
Excellent fluency in data manipulation tasks using frameworks. such as pandas, plyr, Spark
Good understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Random Forest etc.
Knowledge of some common data science toolkits, such as Weka, NumPy, MATLAB, etc.
Broad business perspective with the ability to articulate meaningful ROI and financial impacts.
Worked on projects in the Retail, Banking & Finance and Insurance Industries.
Working from Chicago office and requires visits to customer location if needed.
From a cultural perspective, we look for individuals who possess the following qualities that will contribute to our success and the success of our clients:
Entrepreneurial spirit: We seek individuals who enjoy contributing to the growth of an organization and who show commitment to the success of their team.
Problem-solving skills: Individuals at our company have well-honed analytical skills coupled with business acumen to structure problems, deliver solutions, and communicate insights.
Drive: Our team sets ambitious goals and seeks energetic professionals, enjoy a fast pace environment, and thrive in taking on responsibility.
What We Would Love to See
Consultative application of analytic solutions to solve business issues
Able to engage in a consultative manner across multiple levels (c-suite to end user) with a strong executive presence, demonstrating strong
Demonstrated leadership, communication and interpersonal skills: the ability to manage and mentor functional experts and lead cross- functional teams
Don’t tick all the boxes? Don’t worry about it: we still want to hear from you if you think

you’re the right person for the job.

Why Join Our Team?
Diverse culture, experiences, and skills.
Our nurturing and supportive environment fosters collaboration across the entire organization.
We are not hierarchical but operate as a flat surface where every opinion matters, ideas are cultivated and innovation is encouraged.
At Saggezza, we are fortunate to have a strong mentorship program that provides every one of our employees the ability to thrive professionally and personally.
We are only as good as our people. Saggezza, Italian for wisdom, is rooted from the perspective that knowledge is power. We create thought-leaders who are constantly exposed and trained in different technologies in the ever-evolving world of software development.
We welcome innovators with entrepreneurial spirits to grow with our team.
Consulting Magazine - Fastest Growing Firms 2019
Built-In Top Places to Work in Chicago 2020
Best and Brightest Companies in the Nation 2019 and 2020, Best and Brightest Companies in Milwaukee 2020 and Best and Brightest Companies in Chicago 2020
Saggezza is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer: We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.

Powered by JazzHR

oCJ1zhRdvn
