About Wavicle Data :

Wavicle Data Solutions is built upon the principle that modern organizations rely on data to drive their businesses, yet not every company has the time, staff, or knowledge to leverage this valuable resource. Wavicle’s driving purpose is to help these organizations craft custom data solutions focused on Big Data, Cloud and Analytics. Solutions that help companies gain deep insights from their data that position them to make today’s business decisions and gives them the knowledge to predict future trends.

Contract To Hire ( Eligible to work in the USA without any sponsorship now or in future)

The Manager - Data & Analytics Support will ensure proper knowledge transfer, documentation, and standards adherence is followed with every production migration. Lead the teams through troubleshooting and resolving escalations from users; communicate technical product issues, needs and solutions to Product Development teams. Lead and manage the day to day operations for the Global Data & Analytics team.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in quantitative fields (Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc.)
3+ years of professional experience in a technical, data analytics and/or applications support role
2+ years in a technical lead or people management role.
ITIL Certified.
Agile Certified
Experienced in establishing and/or maintaining SLA’s for the production platform and report to leadership on SLA metrics
Experience with Public Cloud technologies, Data Lake & Data Warehousing practices .
Knowledge of Service Café, Confluence & JIRA
Management experience in 1-2 transformations of a legacy application or data-systems support organization to run more cost effectively while delivering better customer experience
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Analytics: 3 years (Required)
People Management: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Agile (Preferred)
ITIL (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
