Job Description
Being a Data Scientist at iManage means…

You are excited to join forces and collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts. You will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring our product quality, improving consumer products and understanding the behavior of end-users.

As a Data Scientist on our team, you’ll be working on various algorithms and using Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods to work on some of our most interesting problems using expertly curated datasets.

iM Responsible For…
Analyzing and modelling structured data using advanced statistical methods, implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses
Performing machine learning, predictive analytics, optimization, and statistical analysis methods
Using various Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods, to rigorously measure our product quality, improve enterprise products, and understand the behavior of end-users
Structuring and solving problems, conducting and interpreting analysis independently while demonstrating analytical and quantitative skills
Performing explanatory data analyses, generating and testing working hypotheses, preparing and analyzing historical data and identifying patterns
Contributing research, and trying new techniques or experiments to analyze and interpret data from documents using standard statistical tools
iM Qualified Because I have…
2-5 years of professional experience working as a Data Scientist
A Master’s or PhD (preferred) in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, Operations Research, or related fields
Experience with the theory and practice of standard NLP problems and approaches
An understanding of statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, cross validation, error analysis, statistical tests, and sampling methods
An Ability to implement, maintain, and troubleshoot big data infrastructure
Perform experimentations, draw conclusions and present recommended actions
A passion for learning, connecting and collaborating with others
About iManage

iManage combines artificial intelligence with content and email management to free, secure, and understand information. Over 3000 companies and 1 million users worldwide rely on our market-leading software to share and protect their most valuable data. Our work is not always easy but it is ambitious and rewarding.

So we’re looking for people who love a challenge. People who are happiest when they’re solving problems and collaborating with the industry’s best and brightest. In exchange, we’ll make sure the work you do here is worth doing. That’s the iManage way. It’s how we do things that might appear impossible. How we develop our employees’ strengths and unlock their potential. It’s how we find meaning in everything we do.

Whoever you are, whatever you do, however you work. Make it mean something at iManage.

Learn more at: www.imanage.com

Please see our privacy statement for more information on how we handle your personal data: https://imanage.com/privacy-policy/

Powered by JazzHR

w98J6ezvgj
