Overview
Leverage your science first mentality, curiosity, deep technical expertise, and problem-solving skills to explore, discover, and predict patterns and insights within complex data sets. This includes enabling government to capitalize on the value proposition of advanced analytics, and the derivation of clear narratives that help our clients understand their data and how those insights address their research questions.

Responsibilities
Use analytical and statistical tools to evaluate data and aid in decision making.
Manipulate / create social media analytics and data to strengthen marketing campaign effectiveness.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Work with clients to prioritize research and modeling initiatives• Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Support the development of a mature analytics function informed by industry best practices.
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented, and collaborative environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.
Qualifications
Active Secret Clearance.
Degree (Masters required) in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, computer science, economics, or other related business or technical discipline is required.
Extensive experience in social media analytics and marketing campaign effectiveness.
Experience in Salesforce, Sprinklr, and Adobe Analytics - marketing analytics background.
Experience working with tools, including object-oriented programming (Python, Java), computational analysis tools (R, MATLAB), and associated data science libraries (scikit-learn).
Significant experience in the AI/ML lifecycle, from ideation and solution concept development, to rapid prototyping and validation in operational environments, and importantly, in the sustainment of AI/ML solutions for CI/CD.
Significant experience and knowledge of best practices in the practical application and execution of AI/ML in operational environments.
Ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions, and translate customer qualitative requirements into quantitative and technical approaches.
Experience creating meaningful data visualizations and interactive dashboards using platforms such as Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, RShiny, plotly, and d3.js to communicate findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact.
Working knowledge of databases and SQL; preferred qualifications include linking analytic and data visualization products to database connections.
At least 5+ years of experience in the field.
DoD Secret clearance required.
Superior communication skills, both oral and written
Preferred Experience
DoD experience is preferred, in particular with human capital data and workforce analytics.
Data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analyticso Knowledge of AI/ML SaaS platforms (e.g., DataRobot, H2O DriverlessAI).
Unstructured text and natural language processingo Computational tools such as R, Python, SAS, SQL, and MATLABo Anaconda, IBM Blue, and Oracle Big Data to analyze large data sets and develop automated analytics in making sense of data affecting DoD operations.
Developing machine learning, data mining, statistical network, natural language processing, text analytics, and graph-based algorithms to analyze massive data setso Supervising algorithm implementation in on-premise and cloud-based computing environments.
Developing software to generate reports and visualizations that summarize data sets and provide data-driven insights.
Developing and implementing statistical, machine learning, and heuristic techniques to create descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics as well as to develop statistical tests to make data-driven recommendations and decisions.
