Address: 111 W Monroe - 115 S LaSalle Job Family Group: Data Analytics & Reporting WHY BMO? At BMO we have a shared purpose; we put the customer at the centre of everything we do - helping people is in our DNA. For 200 years we have thought about the future-the future of our customers, our communities and our people. We help our customers and our communities by working together, innovating and pushing boundaries to bring them our very best every day. Together we're changing the way people think about a bank. WHAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY? The Data Scientist works with management and business partners to support the development and implementation of statistical models & advanced analytical solutions. We are looking for a strategic thinker with the ability to dissect business problems, conduct research and advanced statistical analysis to identify trends, variations, patterns, and insights relating to branch performance and customer activities, and build end-to-end analytical solutions to drive profitable growth for the business This is an exciting opportunity that is on the forefront of a critical capability, providing thought leadership to U.S. Personal and Business Banking on the value of data and analytics. The incumbent will get to work with and support multiple lines of business around the enterprise to help them achieve their objectives. So if you have a strong statistical modeling expertise, like to work in a start-up mode and have a long term orientation, join us to make meaningful difference in the lives of our customers, the community we serve in and the company. WHAT WILL YOU DO? + Support Senior Management on analytical projects of varying sizes and complexities, including: + Participate in business partner interviews, brainstorming sessions, and workshops to capture business objectives and prioritize opportunities + Research & leverage state of art modeling techniques, participates in modeling innovation. + Identify best analytical techniques that can be effectively applied to achieve business objectives and interpret next best action through data driven insights + Building end to end automated analytic solutions that are intuitive, simple to maintain, and drive real business outcomes + Leads the development and implementation of innovative analytical solutions, including customer segmentation, optimization, prescriptive analytics and machine learning algorithm & recommendations to solve business problems. + Data gathering and cleansing, statistical transformation, feature engineering & selection + Build & deploy response models leveraging analytical techniques such as linear/logistic regression models, Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, Attribution to determine Product Propensity as well as Customer Contact Channel Preference + Conduct Model Validation & documentation including KS, Gini Coefficient, ROC Curve, PSI + Build Strategies & Design Experiment & conduct A/B testing to prove or disprove hypothesis + Evaluate & deploy new tools, techniques & technologies to advance analytical capabilities + Operates as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis, test & design of experiment analysis methodology & financial impact analysis. Minimum Qualification: At a minimum, here's what we need from you: + Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Computer Science And/Or Physics or other quantitative disciplines + 4+ years of experience in credit risk, fraud risk, marketing analytics, optimization, operation analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related. + Advanced skills in SQL or SAS a must, including relevant packages and statistical methodologies + Deep understanding of statistical modeling techniques like Regression, Decision Trees, Segmentation & Classification Preferred Qualification: If we had our say, we'd also look for: + Master's degree or Ph.D. in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Computer Science and/or Physics, preferably in banking & financial services industry + 2+ years of experience in credit risk, fraud risk, marketing analytics, optimization, operation analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related. + Experience in building response models & propensity scores. + Knowledge of Python, R, Spark or HiveQL will be preferred + Knowledge of machine learning techniques like Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, SVM, Pathing & Attribution etc. a strong plus + Experience in building and presenting data driven insights through business intelligence tools Qualitative skills: + Exhibits advanced critical thinking skills, integrative skills and creativity to drive innovation + Demonstrates ability to build a good fact base, apply sound reasoning, and generate relevant recommendations that get implemented and lead to business success + Able to work highly independently and manage multiple priorities in an agile fast paced environment + Demonstrates strong attention to detail and a high level of due diligence We're here to helpAt BMO Harris Bank we are driven by a shared Purpose: Boldly Grow the Good in business and life. It calls on us to create lasting, positive change for our customers, our communities and our people. By working together, innovating and pushing boundaries, we transform lives and businesses, and power economic growth around the world.As a member of the BMO Harris Bank team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one - for yourself and our customers. We'll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we'll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.To find out more visit us at https://bmoharriscareers.com. BMO Harris Bank is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other's differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. BMO Harris Bank N.A. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To request accommodation, please contact your recruiter. BMO Financial GroupServing customers for 200 years and counting, BMO is a highly diversified financial services provider - the 8th largest bank, by assets, in North America. With total assets of $728 billion as of October 31, 2018, and a team of diverse and highly engaged employees, BMO provides a broad range of personal and commercial banking, wealth management and investment banking products and services to more than 12 million customers and conducts business through three operating groups: Personal and Commercial Banking, BMO Wealth Management and BMO Capital Markets.We serve Canadian clients through BMO Bank of Montreal®, our personal and commercial banking business, BMO Nesbitt Burns®*, one of Canada's leading wealth management firms, and BMO Capital Markets, our North American investment and corporate banking division.In the United States, clients are served through BMO Harris Bank, a major U.S. Midwest personal and commercial bank, and BMO Private Bank, with wealth management offices across the United States, as well as BMO Capital Markets, our North American investment and corporate banking division.We help our customers make money make sense by delivering the broadest range of financial services through a single point of contact. Our financial service professionals provide access to any services our customers require across the entire enterprise.
