What we do

At Civis, we take a science-first approach to solving problems. With a blend of proprietary technology and statistical advisory services, we help public and private sector organizations find, understand and connect with the people they care about, so they can stop guessing and start using mathematical proof to guide decisions. We know others use "data science" and "analytics" as buzzwords, but at Civis we don't stand for fluff, and we will always deliver scalable products and technologies — not PowerPoints — to drive your business forward. Learn more about Civis at www.civisanalytics.com.

Our mission

To democratize data science so organizations can stop guessing and make decisions based on numbers and scientific fact.

What we are looking for

Are you interested in using data science to solve new and challenging problems in innovative ways — like helping cities, states, and the federal government use data to improve citizen services and outcomes? Civis Analytics is looking for an Applied Data Scientist to join our government Applied Data Science practice and help us solve some of the most challenging and interesting questions facing businesses today.

The Applied Data Science (ADS) team is the solutions and advisory arm of Civis Analytics and works closely with organizations to help solve their toughest challenges with data science. This role of Applied Data Scientist will support clients in our government verticals specifically and report to an Applied Data Science Manager.

**This is a temporary, full-time, salaried position with benefits slated to end Dec. 31, 2020. There is a possibility of extension if the business requires it.**

Due to the uncertainty of COVID-19, all Civis offices are closed and all employees are remote for the foreseeable future. This is being closely monitored as things change and it's likely our offices will reopen. Because of this uncertainty, we want to ensure candidates are open to relocating to one of our offices in the future, but other locations may be negotiable.

Responsibilities
An Applied Data Scientist is responsible for the end-to-end execution of client engagements utilizing data science, which includes:
Unifying large 1st- and 3rd-party datasets and building predictive models
Deriving clear, actionable, and timely insights from analyses
Creating client-ready materials and solutions for stakeholders of varying technical experience or familiarity with methods
Working with cross-functional teams of data scientists and software engineers where necessary to create and implement solutions
Other job responsibilities of an Applied Data Scientist include:
Creatively identifying opportunities in the solution delivery process for scalable applications, and collaborating with other teams to further construct these tools
Maintaining a continuous and independent education of cutting-edge statistical techniques and programming languages
Travel requirements: <5>
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in an analytical subject (statistics, math, economics, physics, engineering, business, political or social science, computer science, etc.)
Proven affinity for and experience working with large or messy data sets
SQL experience a plus
Experience with statistical programming languages (R, Python, etc.) and proven ability to work pragmatically with statistical concepts
Experience with presentation or data visualization software, such as Microsoft PPT, Tableau, Shiny, etc.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
US work authorization
Preferred Qualifications
Practical understanding of and experience with predictive analytics, machine learning, and/or causal inference
Familiarity with software development tools and practices (Git, code review, etc.)
Who we are

At Civis, we have opportunities for applicants who are newcomers, seasoned professionals, and anywhere in between. Our teams are energized by complex challenges and value diversity of thought. Opportunities to stand out and inspire happen daily and we trust and encourage you to act on your ideas – no matter how big they are. We offer you the tools and community you need to do your best work. Each of us is committed to holding ourselves accountable for results, challenging the status quo and finding new ways to grow our company and each other.

Why join our team?
The opportunity to be part of a growing tech startup focused on solving interesting and meaningful problems, invested in internal promotion, and committed to fostering a diverse, equal and inclusive workplace.
Competitive benefits, including unlimited PTO, 401K match with immediate vesting, health, dental, and vision benefits, paid parental leave, breastfeeding support including breastmilk shipping services for traveling moms, flexible work from home policy, commuter benefits, wellness initiatives including weekly group meditations, monthly on-site massage therapy, and pet insurance.
Civis Analytics embraces the individuality of our employees and we celebrate each other's differences. Our products, services, and culture benefit from and thrive on the unique perspectives brought by each person in our community. We're proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, age, sex, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact internalrecruiting@civisanalytics.com

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States.

EEO IS THE LAW

EEO Supplement

Pay Transparency
