About Leap:
Leap owns and operates modern retail stores for emerging brands. Traditional retail is transforming into something new â an important part of an omnichannel customer experience. By leveraging brandsâ existing ecommerce value chains and handling all aspects of store management including real estate, sales and technology our Platform effectively automates brick and mortar retail store execution for brands. Our growing network includes stores in New York, Chicago, San Francisco and Miami. Weâre actively adding brands and stores to our footprint and looking for awesome people to join our team to help shape the future of retail.
Mission for the position:
As a Data Analyst you will conduct ad-hoc analysis and investigation of our data, and serve as a key stakeholder in the development of our BI systems and tools. As an expert on our data and metrics, you'll work closely with our BizOps, Brand Management, Retail Ops and Leadership teams to help them make data-driven decisions across the business. You'll also regularly pair with our Product and Engineering teams to help develop ETLs and organize our data into clear, reasonable data.
Key responsibilities:
You'll work closely with our business teams to make sure the most awesome, high-potential brands join the Leap platform. You'll also help analyze our existing brands and store operations to make sure we're maximizing and optimizing their performance. You'll pair regularly with finance and engineering to make sure that common analyses get automated, so that we can spend our collective brainpower on the new and unusual.
What you'll do:
Develop, update and maintain the BI dashboards we provided to our brand customers and internal user stakeholders
Help perform ad-hoc data analysis that supports strategic growth and leadership initiatives
Obtain and integrate data from new sources to help expand the breadth and depth of our analyses and resulting insights
Have fun and work with a scrappy, optimistic, energetic startup team
Use state-of-the-art technology and programming tools
Collaborate on the roll-out of internal workflows and procedures, prioritizing automation
Be encouraging, supportive, kind, fun, sensitive, honest, a great teacher, and above all, a great student
You have:
1-2 years experience with data management, analytics, and KPI development
Technical experience using modern BI tools like Looker
Demonstrated problem-solving and process-improvement skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Curiosity, energy, and a sense of humor
In your first month, you will:
Go to our stores, ask questions, try on products, buy products, return products, and experience being a customer first-hand
Plunge into our existing databases to answer straightforward analytics questions
Pair with our engineers to understand our existing ETLs and data
Communicate constantly with an encouraging, supportive team
Powered by JazzHR
