Job Description
If you are passionate about making a difference in the work you do, being recognized for your talent and expertise in solving complex and challenging analytical/data problems while contributing to the success of key strategic initiatives, consider growing your career with a Fortune 10 healthcare leader! You will be responsible for designing and leading implementation of analytic solutions, including predictive modeling and machine learning, data visualization and insight tools development, and data infrastructure improvements aimed at improving the clinical and cost outcomes of the patients CVS Health serves. You will collaborate with analytic partners and business partners from product, marketing, medical affairs, IT, data strategy to develop effective solutions for our partners. The essential roles and responsibilities of the role are:
Collaborating with key internal and external stakeholders to gather and analyze needs and requirements to design and implement robust analytic solutions to support the identified needs;
Developing and executing strategic plans to use advanced analytics in conjunction with patient and provider interventions to improve clinical and cost outcomes;
Leveraging pharmacy and medical claims data as well as identifying and utilizing other data sources (EMR, lab results, clinical data and notes, consumer purchasing data, digital engagement data, etc.) to provide actionable, relevant, and timely analytic insight;
Accessing, manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing data from large databases using a variety of tools and techniques, such SQL, Python, R, and/or Tableau;
Conducting analyses of the data, ranging from descriptive data exploration to advanced statistical modeling;
Assessing existing available data, identifying data gaps, and collaborating with the data strategy team, IT, business partners, and outside vendors to develop approaches to closing the data gaps;
Collaborating with business and analytic resources across multiple teams in a matrix organization to accomplish project goals;
Constructing persuasive presentations and gaining consensus among a diverse group of individuals;
Constructing and delivering written reports of the analytic findings in a variety of formats (reports, PPT, including visualization of data and findings), formulating recommendations, and effectively presenting the results to potential non-analytic audiences;
Communicating complex technical subjects to technical and non-technical audiences.
Required Qualifications
Problem solving skills and experience constructing analytic solutions to business problems;
Developing innovative analytic approaches leveraging available internal and external data sources;
Experience interacting with and influencing decision-making by business audiences;
Solid understanding and hands-on experience with a variety of analytic processes and techniques, including health economics outcomes research, experiment design, development of measurement methodologies, hypothesis testing, statistical significance testing, modeling, and machine learning;
Ability to quickly develop knowledge and understanding of new domains and underlying data sources;
Solid understanding and hands-on experience working with large data sources, particularly pharmacy or medical claims and clinical program data, focusing on efficient data extraction from large databases, data manipulation, and insight generation;
Solid understanding and hands-on experience with SQL, Python, R, Tableau and/or other data, statistical, and data visualization tools and techniques, and ability to investigate and adapt emerging analytic tools and solutions into the analytic standard operating procedures;
Understanding of the healthcare administration landscape and CVS Health business model, including patient and payer concerns, as well as the operational considerations in support of the business objectives;
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including conveying analytic concepts and findings to executive and non-technical audiences with the goal of obtaining feedback and defining next steps to make the analytic insights actionable.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with campaign design and consumer market research, such as survey design, implementing large-scale campaigns, and performing A/B testing;
Experience applying behavioral economic concepts to drive behavior change;
Developing roadmaps, business cases, and project plans;
Managing projects and processes, including coordinating activates across diverse departments and ensuring that contributions across different teams are aligned and integrated as part of overall delivery;
Experience developing methodology to measure program and intervention outcomes;
Experience conducting data analysis in a healthcare setting;
Working knowledge of healthcare industry products/services and operations.
Education
Bachelors degree in qualitative field, such as statistics, biostatistics, analytics, epidemiology, public health, or economics. A graduate degree strongly preferred.

Business Overview
Its a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nations premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, were pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, youll be at the center of it all.

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

CVS Health is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Gender/Ethnicity/Disability/Protected Veteran we highly value and are committed to all forms of diversity in the workplace. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW and EEO IS THE LAW SUPPLEMENT. We provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact our Advice and Counsel Reasonable Accommodations team. Please note that we only accept applications for employment via this site.

If technical issues are preventing you from applying to a position, contact Kenexa Helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609 or cvshealthsupport@us.ibm.com. For technical issues with the Virtual Job Tryout assessment, contact the Shaker Help Desk at 1-877-987-5352.
