Get in on the ground floor of a high growth startup! Promotable is startup at 1871 in Chicago looking for part time Data Science instructors to help us change the way we think of education and create/teach our newest product - An immersive no-cost until you are hired Data Science bootcamp. Our goal is to fill the data skills gap and align our interests with our students. You'll be on the ground floor and will be able to have a significant influence on the product and the lives of many people transitioning to Data Science!

This role will be in charge of developing/building on our curriculum and leading 1-2 hour daily lecture. You'll report directly to the CEO.

We are looking for a co-founder type of employee and are looking to invest a substantial amount of equity up to 10% for the right candidate. This is currently a part time, commission role (Up to 25% of tuition revenue - depending on the amount of time you are able to commit to daily instruction).

Curriculum Development:

This person will be expected to create a full curriculum for a 10 week full time bootcamp including prepwork and admissions tests. You'll be building off of an outline we've already created and a part time Python course we have already tested.

Teaching: We will also be expecting this person to teach at least the first cohort of students. Note that the teaching part will be delivered via a morning (or potentially other lectures) however is not necessarily a full time opportunity and can be as little as one 1-2 hour lecture per day.

Requirements
experience working at a startup
1+ years of experience in a growth/marketing role
Desire to work with a bootstrapped company.
1+ years in Data Science
Strong familiarity with SQL, Tableau, and other tools.
Experience using r/Python and other statistical tools.
Nice to Have:
Experience in the ed-tech space
Previous experience teaching or training (informally is ok)
Previous experience speaking in front of groups or guest lecturing.
Previous experience mentoring
Benefits
Compensation: Depending on several factors including the amount you are able to teach, you will be compensated with:
a revenue percentage from each cohort of up to 25% and;
up to 10% equity.
Work directly with the CEO
Recognition as a Data Science leader
