What we do

At Civis, we take a science-first approach to solving business problems using person-level data. With a blend of proprietary technology and statistical advisory services, we help public and private sector organizations find, understand and connect with the people they care about, so they can stop guessing and start using mathematical proof to guide decisions. We know others use "data science" and "analytics" as buzzwords, but at Civis we don't stand for fluff, and we will always deliver scalable products and technologies — not PowerPoints — to drive your business forward. Learn more about Civis at www.civisanalytics.com.

Our mission

To democratize data science so organizations can stop guessing and make decisions based on numbers and scientific fact.

About the Role

The Applied Data Science (ADS) Team is the advisory arm of Civis Analytics, working closely with governments, companies, nonprofits, and campaigns to help solve their toughest challenges with data science. They are critical components of the project team and are expected to take leadership in understanding how to design and implement data science solutions for each client's unique situation. This position will be part of the ADS Public Sector team, which most commonly works with state and local governments, federal agencies, and public utilities.

As a Senior Applied Data Scientist, you will structure hard problems, define our methodological approach, build predictive models, collaborate in cross-functional teams, and be responsible for project milestones and presentations. You will also be a mentor to other data scientists, potentially managing newer hires, contributing to internal assets, and fostering learning and collaboration. You will work closely with our Applied Data Science Leads and our Managing Director to develop relationships, partnerships, and proposals for new governmental work, and may take responsibility for entire projects or accounts as you grow in your role.

**This is a temporary, full-time, salaried position with benefits slated to end Dec. 31, 2020. There is a possibility of extension if the business requires it.**

Due to the uncertainty of COVID-19, all Civis offices are closed and all employees are remote for the foreseeable future. This is being closely monitored as things change and it's likely our offices will reopen. Because of this uncertainty, we want to ensure candidates are open to relocating to one of our offices in the future, but other locations may be negotiable.

Responsibilities
Work with colleagues to scope out and define our approach to complex client problems
Enhance, find patterns in, and build predictive models on large data sets
Work with other Applied Data Scientists, as well as other departments within Civis, to derive clear, actionable, and timely insights from analyses
Work with the Applied Data Science Lead to create deliverables such as data assets, pipelines, dashboards, and presentations that are client-ready, clear, and error-free
Work with the Applied Data Science Lead to develop business opportunities, proposals, and pitches for new work throughout the public sector market
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in an analytical subject (statistics, math, economics, sociology, psychology, physics, etc.) or equivalent
Minimum of 4 years of related work experience
Proven business results using both SQL as well as either R or Python
Experience with machine learning techniques
Experience with persuasive writing and presentation
Demonstrated ability to work independently and in teams
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Preferred Qualifications:
MA or MS in an analytical subject
Experience leading projects, including managing the work of colleagues
Proven affinity for and experience mentoring teammates
Experience with analytics for the public sector or for utilities
Experience with collaborative coding tools including Docker and Github
Significant experience fielding and analyzing web panel surveys
Why join our team?
The opportunity to be part of a growing tech startup focused on solving interesting and meaningful problems, invested in internal promotion, and committed to fostering a diverse, equal and inclusive workplace.
Competitive benefits, including unlimited PTO, 401K match with immediate vesting, health, dental, and vision benefits, paid parental leave, breastfeeding support including breastmilk shipping services for traveling moms, flexible work from home policy, commuter benefits, wellness initiatives including weekly group meditations, monthly on-site massage therapy, and pet insurance.
Civis Analytics embraces the individuality of our employees and we celebrate each other's differences. Our products, services, and culture benefit from and thrive on the unique perspectives brought by each person in our community. We're proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, age, sex, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact internalrecruiting@civisanalytics.com

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States.

EEO IS THE LAW

EEO Supplement

Pay Transparency
