Company Description:
Whats it like to work at Quick Base? Well, our company, our market and our customers are growing fast. This means all Quick Base employees are engaged in interesting and challenging work, we have the opportunity to try new and different things and lots of room for career advancement (1/3 of our employees are in a new role from 1 year ago!). We work with exceptional colleagues and foster an environment that empowers those closest to the work to make decisions and provide each other the support to move quickly and learn as we go. Quick Base combines the excitement and pace of a startup with the stability and work/life balance of a market leader. Find out if Quick Base is for you!
The Team:
At Quick Base, we believe that exceptional employees are the key not only to our success, but also to our customers success. Our teams are small, diverse, nimble, and highly-empowered to drive company excellence. Each team owns its own commitments and outcomes. Our employees enjoy interesting challenges, learn fast, and strive to do the best work of their life.
About the Role:
The Quick Base Analytics team serves all aspects of our business and uses advanced business intelligence and data techniques to help drive our strategy, operations, and make better business decisions. Were looking for a talented and creative Data Scientist to join this team to help with model building, intelligent targeting and data matching, as well as developing reports. This is an opportunity to help with large initiatives including integrating data sources across the enterprise, developing and incorporating predictive analytics into business processes, and helping with common data definitions and quality. This position will also involve day to day data and list creation across the entire business.
Responsibilities:
Accessing and synthesizing data using appropriate tools and technology while leveraging knowledge of data sources, data quality and business context
Applying advanced analytical/statistical methods to provide stakeholders with analysis, insight and direction that informs strategic corporate decisions
Translating analytical findings and insights into the language of business stakeholders and confidently presenting them to all levels of the organization, including C-Level leadership
Ensuring that data findings are appropriately visualized in a way that will resonate with stakeholders and clearly highlight implications
Collaborating with C-Level leadership to create analytic models and developing Key Performance Indicators dashboards/reports
Developing reusable code and algorithms to wrangle and classify existing data
Evangelizing data stewardship, pursuing data quality and driving data issues to resolution
Developing and maintaining a standardized and reliable metrics pipeline to empower stakeholders and decision makers with timely and accurate data and accompanying insights
Joining data from disparate sources to create meaningful and impactful analyses
Independently working with business stakeholders with limited managerial oversight
Leveraging industry best practices with the evolving analytics infrastructure
Qualifications:
Experience translating business questions into analytic frameworks and analytic results into business recommendations
Knowledge of statistical methodologies and experience using statistical/analytical tools
Experience in data requirement elicitation, consolidation, validation, report/dashboard creation and quality assurance
Ability to work with diverse data sets and distill business insights
Experience with machine learning approaches to problem solving including NLP, Clustering, Decision Trees, Regressions and Neural Networks.
Advanced proficiency and experience with Python (pandas, scikit-learn) and T-SQL.
Advanced Microsoft Excel proficiency
Proficiency with data visualization tools such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI
Experience effectively bridging business and technical teams
Must have: MS in Applied Math, Statistics or Quantitative Finance, plus at least 3 years of experience as a Data Scientist, Data Insights Analyst or similar role performing quantitative and qualitative business analysis
