Job ID 1185918

Category Data Analytics
Schedule Full-time
Description:

Position Purpose: Responsible for analytical data needs of the business unit. Handle complex data projects and acts as a lead for other Data Analysts.
Provide advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, HEDIS, pharmacy, external reporting
Oversee production process including creating of monthly close reporting for accounting
Oversee the design and implementation of new software tools
Oversee and review modifications of existing process of software
Extract, load, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and sources
Review data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management
Develop reports and deliverables and make recommendations to management
Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data ware house analytical tools
Assist management in driving business decisions based on data
Ensure compliance with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis.
Oversee training and mentoring other Data Analysts.
Determine work load and related activities for other Data Analysts

Qualifications:

Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 8+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation.

Business Analytics: 8+ years of statistical analysis or 5+ years of related experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. Encounters experience preferred.
