Job Description


Aon is looking for a Wind Vulnerability Modeling Catastrophe Senior Scientist



We have an exciting career opportunity for a Wind Vulnerability Modeling Catastrophe Analyst/ Senior Scientist with our Aon Impact Forecasting division. This role will sit in our corporate offices in Chicago, IL.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES –
Actively participating in the development of peril models used for reinsurance.
Development of vulnerability models for hurricane and other wind perils. Good familiarity with Load- resistance models and performance-based analysis for buildings and structural systems. Experience with Monte Carlo simulation methods to estimate fragility and damage functions, using physical modeling and calibration with claims data. Familiarity with Florida Loss Commission model submission process fior vulnerability models is a plus
Performing detailed catastrophe risk portfolio analysis using ELEMENTS, generating results, using SQL database and tools effectively, interpret and present the results internally.
The Catastrophe Modeling senior scientist will actively be collaborating with software development teams in all aspects of the model development and implementing the methodologies developed by the R&D group at IF.
Familiarity with insurance and reinsurance is a plus.
Solid experience in writing codes for R&D model development projects in languages such as FORTRAN and/or MATLAB and/or C# and R. Being familiar with probability theory and use it in modeling.
Provide critical analysis of modeling results for internal validation of models and explaining results to clients when needed.
MINIMUM SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS –
At least 2 years’ experience directly in catastrophe modeling development following school or 3 years in school.
Graduate degree in a quantitative field such as engineering, mathematics or finance.
Exceptional analytical, technical and critical thinking skills.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Proven execution skills and ability to effectively manage multiple project/deliverables.
Proven record of capability to work in a team effectively and respect team work environment.
MINIMUM EDUCATION - MSc or PhD

We offer you

A competitive total rewards package, continuing education & training, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organization.

Our Colleague Experience:

From helping clients gain access to capital after natural disasters, to creating access to health care and retirement for millions, Aon colleagues empower results for our clients, communities, and each other every day. They make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. This is the Aon Colleague Experience, defining what it means to work at Aon and realizing our vision of empowering human and economic possibility. To learn more visit Aon Colleague Experience.

About Aon:

Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.

By applying for a position with Aon, you understand that, should you be made an offer, it will be contingent on your undergoing and successfully completing a background check consistent with Aon's employment policies. Background checks may include some or all of the following based on the nature of the position: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, and criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required by the position.

Aon provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, or domestic partner status. Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and is an affirmative action employer.

DISCLAIMER:
Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

IND-US

2475373
