Numerator is looking for Sr. Data Scientists to join our growing Research and Development team. This is a unique opportunity where you will get a chance to work with an established and rapidly evolving platforms that handles millions of requests and massive amounts of events, and other data. In this position, you will be responsible for taking on new initiatives to automate, enhance, maintain, and scale services in a rapidly-scaling environment.

As a member of our team, you will make an immediate impact as you help build out and expand our technology platforms across several software products. This is a fast-paced role with high growth, visibility, impact, and where many of the decisions for new projects will be driven by you and your team from inception through production.

The details
This data scientist position is a highly-autonomous, product-focused role designed to create value and drive impact across the Product organization, while also influencing the evolution and strategic direction of our company as a whole. The role is cross-functional by nature and is responsible for developing data products and analytics, defining methodologies, conducting research and analysis on a variety of subject areas, and driving bottom-line growth through building operational efficiencies and leading special projects for our clients. The ideal candidate is a seasoned data scientist with diversified experiences across several industries, who's held various positions within analytics or engineering functions. Since a major requirement for this role is to understand, author, and deploy production code, the ideal candidate should also be experienced with processing large quantities of data, building algorithms alongside software engineers, and foundationally rooted in applied statistics.

Responsibilities- What you get to do!
Perform as a Sr. Data Scientist by leading execution and technical planning within the organization and team, and mentoring other Data Scientists
Ideate and implement discoveries to build new product features and data products and improve existing methodologies and algorithms
Integrate within Product, Data, and Engineering teams to identify, investigate and deliver solutions related to product and back-end data issues
Lead and deliver complex projects involving heavy data and statistical modeling (e.g. sampling, segmentation, classification, predictive modeling, etc.)
Regularly communicate outcomes, new initiatives and improvements, etc. to stakeholders
Serve as a data science subject matter expert for both internal and external clients
What we are looking for
BS in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, Physics, or other behavioral and/or equivalent quantitative science
5+ years of industry experience as a data scientist (or equivalent role)
Proficiency in Python and SQL
Highly autonomous, versatile, intellectually curious and resilient within a dynamic and fast-paced organization
Outstanding written and verbal data storytelling, demonstrated consulting skill and ability to tailor communication style and depth to a variety of audiences
Author technical proposals, presentations, reports, and articles and present research to internal stakeholders and various settings
Experience with defining key product metrics, setting team goals, and building internal tools to monitor progress against KPI's
Experience with applied statistics across various data types and sizes
Conduct and analyze complex survey/panel data including developing data files, conducting quality reviews, data editing, documentation, weighting, and imputation
Extra, Nice to haves
Masters/ PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, Physics or equivalent quantitative science
Experience with developing, deploying and maintaining back-end production code, including (but not limited to) applied ML frameworks and applications (e.g. SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, etc.)
Proven track record of delivering solutions to a production environment
Solid understanding of SQL and transactional databases (e.g. MySQL, Postgres, etc.), and experience with building data models and/or improving warehouse architecture
Experience with understanding, analyzing and modeling user data and behavioral trends
Enthusiasm for identifying and pursuing new business and product opportunities; unleashing creativity especially in a team environment
Experience working with marketing insights, shopping data or in the retail industry
What We Offer
An inclusive and collaborative company culture - we work in an open environment while working together to get things done, and adapt to the changing needs as they come.
An opportunity to have an impact in a technologically data driven company.
Ownership over data and environments in an industry leading product.
Market competitive total compensation package.
Volunteer time off and charitable donation matching.
Strong support for career growth, including mentorship programs, leadership training, access to conferences and employee resources groups.
Regular hackathons to build your own projects and Engineering Lunch and Learns.
Great benefits package including health/vision/dental, unlimited PTO, flexible schedule, 401K matching, travel reimbursement, and more.
If this sounds like something you would like to be part of, we'd love for you to apply! Don't worry if you think that you don't meet all the qualifications here. The tools, technology and methodologies we use are constantly changing and we value talent and interest over specific experience.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
