Who We Are!

At Maven Wave, we are relentless in hiring the industrys top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Maven Wave helps leading companies make the shift to digital and shorten the fuse to innovation. We combine the expertise of top-tier consulting with the agility of a cutting-edge technology firm. This multidisciplinary blend of skills allows us to create unique digital advantages for our clients. Maven Waves digital solutions are agile, mobile, rooted in analytics, and built in the cloud.


Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: Drive and deliver business results with data-based insights.

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who will utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to develop data-driven solutions to complex business challenges.


Your Life As a Maven:
Leverage company data to drive business solutions for enterprise clients using R and Python.
Perform data collection for Data Science operations including Machine Learning.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting, and other business outcomes.
Assess Model accuracy using common metrics (AUC, F1, etc.) and explain the results to client stakeholders.

Your Expertise:
7+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models.
Cloud experience in a major platform, such as AWS, GCP, or Azure.
Experience using Data Science languages (R, Python) to manipulate data and draw insights.
Knowledge of a variety of Machine Learning and advanced analytical techniques and their real world advantages/drawbacks.
Familiarity with the following software/tools: Python, C, Java, Jupyter Notebooks, SQL, ML platforms (H2O, DataRobot), distributed data (Map/Reduce, Hadoop), and visualization (Tableau, qikview)
Must have a bachelors degree in related field.
Your X-Factor:
Aptitude - You have an innate capacity to transition from project to project without skipping a beat.
Communication - You have excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordination across projects and teams.
Impact - You are a critical thinker with an emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Passion - You have the drive to succeed paired with a continuous hunger to learn.
Leadership - You are trusted, empathetic, accountable, and empower others around you.
Why Were Proud To Be Mavens!
Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year 2019, 2018
#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE, 2018
Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work, 2017 & 2018
Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business
101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR)
Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch
Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine
Top IT Services Companies, Clutch
Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year
Ready to Learn More?
Life as a Maven
Check out the Data Team
See what Glassdoor has to say
Real Customer Stories
