Senior AWS Developer

UST Global is looking for a highly energetic and collaborative AWS developer who
Possesses extensive business analyst skills with experience of working projects in both Agile SAFe and Waterfall methodologies. Possesses expertise in handling cross vendor client teams across different geographic locations. End to end project management encompassing all project lifecycle stages including conceptualization, initiation, execution and closure. The candidate should be a proven self starter with demonstrated ability to make decisions and accept responsibility and risk. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to collaborate effectively with domain experts and IT leadership team is key to be successful in this role.

Representative Duties and Tasks
Configures, and administers Amazon Web Services AWS cloud computing technologies, infrastructure, and applications to meet the organizations requirements.
Assists and supports the design, deployment, management, and operation of scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems in the AWS cloud by working directly with the stakeholders.
Lead and perform the installation and configuration of AWS cloud management applications by leading medium to large sized efforts.
Develops, and designs software automation and scripts to orchestrate AWS cloud and virtualization technologies with defined scope, schedule and expectations.
Views and analyzes summary data on AWS cloud resource deployment and takes appropriate action.
Monitors requests and key metrics for AWS cloud resources, as well as the performance of systems in the cloud and directs remediation.
Troubleshoots issues and plans for future AWS cloud capacity requirements. Develops roadmap and business case for capacity growth.
Identifies, manages and resolves AWS cloud computing security risks and implements best practices as applied within a cloud environment.
Provides subject matter expert technical support to customers using AWS products, solutions and APIs.
Identifies and documents product bugs and feature requests and works with internal support teams, external providers, as well as customers to implement effective solutions.
Supports and leads the evaluation of new service offerings from AWS to determine potential usage by GDMS.
May provide work direction to other employees as a technical lead
Knowledge Skills and Abilities
Proficient understanding of the AWS platform
Proficient understanding of AWS service offerings
Proficient understanding of virtualization technologies Server, Storage, Networking
Proficient understanding of computer programming languages C, C Sharp, C , Perl, PHP, and Python.
Proficient understanding with scripting languages, and software and infrastructure automation skills
Detailed and fully proficient knowledge of technology trends and champions new ideas and product and process improvements.
Strong understanding of security, risk and compliance frameworks, disaster recovery, high availability architectures, hardware, operating systems and networking connectivity.
Experience creating templates with CloudFormation, and similar technologies.
Shows initiative on assignments, and professionally executes projects with very little direction, or can provide direction and leadership to technical teams.
Fully proficient ability to handle significant responsibility, leadership and accountability while executing complex assignments.
Effective communication skills written and verbal .
Knowledge of systems architecture.
Able to accept integrate constructive feedback
Proficient ability to work collaboratively and effectively with a wide range of individuals
Proficient ability to learn and apply GDMS culture, policies and processes
Location This position can be based in Chicago
