Smith is an entrepreneurial company with global reach, a casual environment, and limitless paths for success. For over 35 years, we’ve offered a place for driven, creative people to set and achieve ambitious goals in sales, procurement, and our supporting departments.

Opportunities await around the world. If you’re curious to see how you can help Smith grow while pursuing the next step in your own growth and development, apply today.

This Data Analyst will be responsible for data mining and building mining data tables, along with researching external methods, processes and software to provide business solutions tailored to new trends, demands and concepts. This person will need to have experience with the ETL process and strong experience with working with data coming from various sources, channels and in different formats. The candidate will also need to have the ability to structure the data for a software architect, correspond directly with clients, project or department managers, and/or business leaders to identify analytical requirements. This person will also be working with Project Managers, Architects, DBA, and Data Scientists. He or she must be comfortable utilizing both quantitative data, and qualitative knowledge. Other typical functions include but are not limited to:
Perform routine trend analyses and evaluations.
Analyze audit findings, identify trends and assist in the development of programs.
Brainstorm and form effective solutions to business problems.
Develop, maintain and assist in the implementation of programs and business solutions.
Monitor correction action follow-up from audits in business units.
Provide status reports to management, identify problem areas and verify compliance.
Clean, update and aggregate the data into more operable formatting.
Required Skills:
Bachelors Degree in MIS and/or CS.
Experience with tools such as SQL, Oracle & MongoDB.
Any ETL too experience (ex: Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator or Warehouse Builder)
Ability to work with relational and non-relational databases.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and switch between tasks quickly.
Ability to facilitate discussion, drive consensus and build partnerships.
Detail oriented and able to work in group projects and take direction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
Experience as a Business Analysis is preferable.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
