About Us

Mastery Logistics Systems is building the worlds first lovable Transportation Management System, or TMS.

Our customers large transportation companies and shippers who need those companies have struggled with systems that are outdated or inadequate. As shippers or transportation service providers, our customers have in the past been forced to use multiple systems to manage dedicated fleet operations, outsourced or insourced trans management, one way trucking, truckload brokerage, LTL, and Intermodal, or to sub-optimize one or more of those functions by attempting to fit it into a TMS that is adequate at another function.

Mastermind TMS allows our customers to bring all of these functions into a single platform, providing flexibility, visibility, control, and efficiency. Todays unprecedented global supply chain upheavals underscore how important the transportation industry is. We are building a system to allow this industry to work faster, smarter and more efficiently.

The challenges in this industry are big and exciting! We are tackling everything from fast and efficient data input to ingesting large amounts of data and applying AI to looking at blockchain to securely digitize paperwork. If you are passionate about humanizing an industry, automating in innovative ways, building for quality and scale, helping make people's lives easier and touching every part of our economy then this is the place for you.

Mastery Logistics Systems is committed to continuing to build an incredible company. We are a masterful mosaic of incredible people. We are specialists and experienced in our respective fields. We are dedicated to continuous improvement both professionally and personally. We are a collective group of really good people. We have different interests, backgrounds & talents and we work together to create really cool stuff! We believe in diversity of thought and are mindful and inclusive. We have deep respect for each other and work diligently at adding the right people to our teams.

At this moment we are all working from home and doing our part to combat the Covid 19 virus. We are creatively building our new work habits. We are respectful of each others time and personal life. We have flexible schedules but share in the mission that we are building and need to get it done. We offer an excellent suite of benefits. We are dedicated to finding new ways to add perks as we live and work from home.

Our team has the domain knowledge and connections to make an impact, and were looking for experienced and thoughtful people to who thrive on creating and building great products. We want people who have a true passion for servicing and taking care of our customers. We need people who are flexible problem solvers, thrive on collaboration and consistently know how to communicate their solutions well. We are small and nimble which is evident in how quickly we could pivot to our new reality. Each member of the team can make a tremendous impact both technically and culturally. While a start-up, we are well-funded, have an initial paying customer with which to test and launch, and are founded by top experts and veterans in the logistics industry.

Join us youll love it lets build a masterpiece!

About the Role

The transportation industry has no shortage of complex problems requiring creative, data-intensive solutions in order to effectively and efficiently automate operations at scale. In this role, you will be expected to work autonomously and contribute to several high impact projects including Masterys advanced matching and tour management engines.

Responsibilities
Build model-based optimization, simulation, and/or predictive tools to enable Masterys customers to efficiently match freight at scale
Closely collaborate with fellow Engineers and Product Managers and interact with stakeholders across the organization
Write clean, maintainable, and well-tested code
Help build and drive the Data Science and Analytics roadmap
Requirements
3+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist or graduate degree in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, or Transporation Engineering plus 1 year of industry experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Expertise in the use of commercial solvers (e.g. CPLEX, Gurobi, XPRESS) and working knowledge of open-source solvers (e.g. PuLP, Google OR Tools)
Adept at interacting with technical and non-technical audiences
Practical experience implementing optimization models and tools
Experience with production systems using Operations Research algorithms
Strong sense of responsibility with a bias towards action
Comfortable self-directing and prioritizing your own work
Experience working with cloud-based infrastructure
Proficiency in Python
Deep understanding of LP, MIP, QP and stochastic optimization methods, preferred
Experience working with real-time, distributed systems, preferred
Experience working with ML models in production environments, preferred
Experience leading technical projects, preferred
Benefits

Mastery takes great pride in providing our employees a robust and highly competitive benefit package. Our benefits include Medical, Dental and Vision insurance covering 90% of premium costs. Company paid life insurance for 1x salary. Legal, AD&D, Additional Life and other employee assistance benefits. We have a 401k savings plan with a 4% match. We provide opportunities for professional growth and development. We fully support our work from home initiative as we do our part to combat the Covid 19 crisis. We have a manage your life and schedule Paid Time Off program. We are fully devoted to finding creative perks and benefits since we cannot currently enjoy our cool office culture. Our philanthropic partner is St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital.

We are an equal opportunity employer and actively seek a diverse community of professionals. Veterans, Women, non-binary, people of color, LGBTQIA, we welcome all to apply!
