Data Scientist North America CoE

The Data Scientist is responsible for providing the delivery of Data and Analytics solutions to Techwave clients as part of our Data & Analytics CoE. The role will create solutions to business challenges through the use of advanced statistical analysis, data mining, and data visualization techniques.

Responsibilities:

Identifies the data the business should be collecting, devises methods of instrumenting the businesss system in order to extract this information
Designs, implements, and evaluates advanced statistical models and approaches for application in the businesss most complex issues
Conduct software development, software integration, statistical analysis, modeling, and simulations in a rapid DevOps environment.
Deploy new data science capabilities through existing toolsets.
Cleansing of large unstructured data and enabling analytical capability in order to query the data and address various business needs
Takes initiative to experiment with various technologies and tools with vision of creating innovative data driven insights for the business at the quickest pace possible.
Staying on top of the industrys trends, in order to provide forward-thinking recommendations
.

Requirements:

Ph.D. or Masters with experience in any mathematical sciences
Strong programming skills and experience working with tools such as R, Python Programming, Open Source, visualizations, and so forth.
Demonstrated skills in SQL server reporting services, analysis services, integration services, Tableau, or other data visualization tools.
Strong skill in statistical techniques inclusive of cluster-analysis test design, regressions, and forecasting methodologies as well as substantial familiarity in big data and standardizing and A/B testing.
Experience cleaning labeled data in preparation for use in machine learning
Ability to create parallel processing operations by managing the number of processors used in an operation given memory limitations
Knowledge of cloud based data platforms such as Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery etc..
