Role: Director of Data Science

Reporting to: COO

About Us:

We deliver the most advanced and flexible learning experience for certification, credentialing, test prep, continuing education, and training. Our cloud-based learning platform is designed to help education and training organizations deliver a highly engaging and effective learning experience for users who are trying to advance their careers. We incorporate the latest in learner-centered technology, including personalization, gamification, data science, usability and omni-channel delivery.

We're sitting in a pivotal time in the BenchPrep history, having achieved significant growth year-over-year and nearly doubling in employee size! The number of learners on our cloud-based learning platform has reached 6 million in 2019, up 30 percent versus the prior year.

We're committed to helping students learn better, and that starts in our own office.

About the role:

We are looking for a dynamic and talented Director of Data Science to build a new function here at BenchPrep, leading all of our Data Science and R&D efforts, creating a strategy to discover new insights hidden in the vast amounts of data we collect. You will work across the company with our product team, engineers, and strategy team; working toward a common goal of solving problems and finding creative solutions through data-driven decisions.

As our Director of Data Science, you will:
Oversee all of BenchPrep's data research and analytics efforts, including data strategy, data governance, and outcome modeling.
Build a brand new data science team from scratch, with the responsibility of identifying and developing talent on your team
Lead the discovery process with customers to begin identifying and solving business problems
Identify opportunities within the organization to increase efficiency and quality of our product using data-driven solutions, applying sound business judgement to quantify the impact of potential solutions
Conceptualize and plan leading-edge analytic and quantitative tools and modeling techniques to support our clients, helping them gain insight and improve decision-making
Drive customer impact by building out, operationalizing and managing scalable data science projects
Review internal and external analytical techniques, identifying what data is available and relevant and source the necessary data
Partner with our Product Management and Technology team to integrate prototypes and solutions into production systems
You should have:
Masters in quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, AI, Statistics, or equivalent)
6+ years of experience working in data science
3+ years of experience managing, Data Scientists
Universal data outcome modeling experience and usage of python, R, spark and corresponding packages
Proven data literacy the ability to describe use cases and outcomes, data sources and management concepts across business and technology domains
Deep experience in integrating complex processes and information strategies, including technology planning and execution and policy development and maintenance
Life at BenchPrep:

We work at BenchPrep because we're dedicated to the mission and each day have an opportunity to be challenged and learn. We work hard, eat well, and have lots of fun. Culture is our lifeline at BenchPrep. We tend to eat our (free) lunch together - not because we have to, but because we want to. We celebrate our people, both professionally and personally. We focus on flexibility - both in work/life balance, but also everyday in operating with agility. We care about professional development so much that we offer employees $1,200 annually to build their skills. And of course, we have all the La Croix and snacks that you'd expect to keep you moving. It's no wonder we were selected in Built in Chicago's 50 Best Small Companies to Work For in 2019, and Crain's 2019 Best Places to Work in Chicago lists.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

We are looking for high performing and motivated professionals who are excited about the chance to leverage technology to impact the lives of millions of learners.
