When the world throws technology challenges at us, we eat them up. And then we ask for more. Welcome to life on the TMP technology team. Here, youll work on our scalable, evolving platform, face tremendous software challenges, and work on projects for Fortune 100 clients. You'll be part of a fiercely collaborative technology team charged with creating digital solutions that are transforming the way employers and job seekers connect. Developing next-generation applications and products for some of the most recognized brands in the world. And actively supporting our diverse suite of best-in-class technologies. All this in an environment that constantly challenges you to push beyond boundaries and enhance your expertisewith the support of a global team of industry experts. Sound like a fit for your talent and passion? Read on.

TMP advertising products is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to support its efforts in building a leading performance media platform for recruitment.

What does a Sr. Data Scientist do?

We run hundreds of thousands of job campaigns generating millions of clicks each month. The Data Science team for advertising has expertise in optimization, regression, classification, and NLP principles to develop world class strategies for performance advertising that yield the most important results for our customers: hiring the best employees.
Building machine learning models to optimize campaign performance at massive scale
Identifying, creating, and transforming informative features based on historical and real time data
Leading the technical direction of the Data Science team, in parallel with the VP, Product
Working with Product to define data collection and modeling frameworks
Coordinating and working closely with engineering to put models and algorithms into production
Working collaboratively with other Data Science teams in cross product efforts
Deep understanding of statistical and machine learning models (logistic regression, decision trees, SVMs, etc.) and clustering and classification techniques
Proven experience building models and placing models into production
Experience in optimization problems, and solving those problems at scale
Well versed in statistical programming languages such as R, Python
Familiarity with relational databases such as Postgres and Amazon Redshift, and accessing data via SQL
Degree in a technical field such as computer science, artificial intelligence, engineering
Graduate work in machine learning a plus, or relevant work experience
Experience in Ad Tech data science principles a huge plus
Data driven leader, ready to provide technical direction to a team from Day 1
Knows and loves the startup world - quick thinking and acting with minimal/no supervision
Self-driven, independent, creative and eager to learn new skills
Ability to work effectively with incomplete information
Great communication skills
Embraces the remote nature of the future of work

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
