This opportunity is 100 remote! Are you a passionate Data Scientist interested in managing complex project work? If so, we may have the ideal role for you with our innovative client. You will play a critical role as a liaison between your team and Project Managers, and as an advisor to senior management on enterprise planning. This is a full-time, permanent opportunity, offering a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package. Responsibilities of the Data Scientist Act as primary technical lead to creatively utilize diverse healthcare data sources Create custom statistical analytics to inform complex business questions for healthcare clients Manage complex project work using SAS, R, Python, or other software Assess and advise management on gaps and opportunities in enterprise data science capabilities Devise and recommend plans for growth through new methods or technologies Requirements of the Data Scientist Master's degree in Statistics and 3 years of related experience At least 3 years of experience serving as a project liaison between PMs and programmers At least 2 years of experience SAS, R, andor Python statistical programming Machine Learning Mentoring programmers Acting as SME on statistical programs and approaches Keywords Data Scientist, SAS, R, Python, ML, SME, Technical Lead, Healthcare Job ID 337569 About Eliassen Group Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients' innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit httpwww.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don't miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a 1,000 referral check!
