Company Description

Positioned at Publicis Groupe's core, Epsilon is a leader in interaction management, empowering brands to transform ordinary customer experiences into meaningful, human experiences. Through a connected suite of products and services, Epsilon combines leading-edge identity management, industrial strength data and technology expertise with big brand acumen gained over five decades working with the industry's top brands. Our human-powered, data-led marketing delivers unmatched depth, breadth and scale to help brands turn meaningful human interactions into exceptional business outcomes.

Job Description

Role Summary

The Epsilon PeopleCloud Solutions team is responsible for developing Epsilon's proprietary technology platform (Epsilon PeopleCloud) that brings technically robust, innovative and differentiable solutions leveraging internal investments in data and technology. The team owns the development and maintenance of development environments, proprietary libraries and packages, and the development of machine intelligent services for product applications. Applying the latest techniques and approaches across the domains of data science, machine learning, and AI isn't just a nice to have, it's a must!

As a Director of Data Science & Machine Learning Development, you are the team lead responsible for delivering technical and performant solutions across our environments, packages, and services for Epsilon products and applications. You will be hands on with every stage of the product development lifecycle from collecting and distilling business requirements to delivering the finished product. You will also interface directly with product and project management and collaborate closely with other engineering disciplines to convey requirements and develop integrated solutions. This role is highly visible to engineering leadership as well as key business stakeholders across the organization.

Day-to-day, your role includes:
Owning end-to-end development projects and managing the data science software development lifecycle.
Providing Internal and external expertise in fundamental data science and machine learning skill areas
Providing mentorship, guidance and support to junior team members with a focus on developing scalable talent while amplifying individual expertise and contributions.
Act as a technical expert in partnership discussions to evaluate data and technology investments
Lead in scoping of ongoing and future projects to ensure the successful deployment and delivery of planned initiatives
Providing thought leadership and innovation in process, technique, and implementation as well as guidance on best practices.
Collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to establish clear objectives, acceptance criteria and timelines.
Sharing knowledge, debating techniques, and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our organization.
Engaging with colleagues across the organization to identify new and improved pathways for AI-powered solutions.
Desired Experience:
5-10 years of experience with delivering data science, machine learning, and AI solutions including leading technical teams
Significant experience with developing and maintaining python packages, API's or contributions to open source initiatives
Proficient at managing the SDLC of data science and machine learning solutions
Experienced in developing and maintaining software images with Docker or similar
Robust domain expertise in areas of data science, machine learning, AI, distributed computing, and package development
Proficiency in Python (Apache Spark, Tensorflow etc.) and distributed computing systems.
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Additional Information

Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.

Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.

Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.

#LI-AD1

REF17181Q
