Overview

Founded in 2006, has become a leader in natural wellness and beauty products including dietary supplements, personal care, grocery, and other natural products. We specialize in world-class innovation across unique delivery forms and propriety ingredients. To help support our rapid growth, we are expanding our team. Apply today!

Job Overview

We are looking for a talented and motivated Food Scientist to develop innovative products for our healthy food brands. These items include baking mixes, cereals and granolas, snacks, confectionaries, and drink mixes. Overall, this position will be responsible for the design and execution of innovative products according to the product brief to achieve nutritional claims, cost targets, desired sensory attributes, nutritional profile, and ingredient statement of the target product. Reporting directly to the
Sr. VP of Product Development this person will also work cross departmentally to design new product formulations. The position can be located in the Chicago or Milwaukee metropolitan areas.

Essential Functions
Use food chemistry and material science knowledge to develop innovative food products with an emphasis on clean label formulas
Utilize understanding of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques to maximize effective manufacturing
Create product formulations from concept to production to ensure product readiness (i.e. shelf life, potency and stability studies)
Assist with scale-up and transfer to manufacturing
Work with suppliers, marketing and innovation teams to evaluate ingredient options
Assist with gathering support for label copy including product claims
Evaluate and understand different ingredient functionalities as they relate to product performance and overall stability
Manage open projects by tracking and reporting progress
Participate in product innovation initiatives with the company
Additional Responsibilities
Develop and stress the importance of teamwork within the company
Travel as needed to support company needs
Support of and involvement in company, department, and/or safety policies, procedures, programs and activities.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Food Science, Food Technology, Chemical Engineering, or related field.
Expertise in ingredient chemistry as it relates to functionality and stability in food
5+ years of industry experience
Proficiency in food formulation development with experience with natural products preferred
Knowledgeable of CGMP and basic principles of food safety
Experience with natural products preferred
High level of verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to create, analyze, and interpret reports and data
Ability to present information effectively, written and oral, both internally and to customers
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations with only limited standardization exits
Strong teamwork and leadership skills required
Additional Details & Benefits
Fulltime with competitive pay, DTO (paid/discretionary time off) health benefits package
Please send resume along with cover letter highlighting experience, as well as interest in this position
Notice to Recruiters

We prefer that candidates apply directly rather than through recruiters. Recruiters must contact the
Human Resource Department prior to submitting a resume and may not contact hiring managers without Human Resource permission.

This description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of responsibilities and qualifications.
The position, duties, and qualifications are subject to change at any time.

This description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of responsibilities and qualifications.
The position, duties, and qualifications are subject to change at any time.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
industry: 5 years (Required)
gummy formulation: 1 year (Preferred)
natural products: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Company's website:
www.viva5corp.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
