When you're part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you'll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you'll be supported in achieving your career goals.

Genetic Sciences Division
This is a Remote position that can be based anywhere in the U.S.

How will you make an impact?
As a Staff Software Scientist, Reproductive Health, you will work as an integral member of a cross functional team in the product development process. This position represents scientists in charge of running and analyzing genetic data. You will play an important role in creating stream-lined data interpretation software solutions across multiple genetic analysis platforms. Responsibilities also include producing, editing, and maintaining software requirement documents for Thermo Fisher Scientific's applications for genetic analysis / Reproductive Health applications at a software-industry best practices level.

What will you do?
Engage with scientists, cytogeneticists, and field teams in discussing data analysis using various genetic platforms.
You will be directly accountable for planning and prioritizing functionality in both instrumentation and analysis software. This includes creation of customer requirements documents and the development of test cases and data sets for use by the development team
Coordinate reviews of specifications with internal and external stakeholders in the context of broader customer scientific objectives and business requirements
Documentation focuses on use cases, storyboards, data-flow diagrams, UI mock ups and other tools representing how scientists interact with Thermo Fisher Scientific software applications for data analysis.
Handle escalated technical support issues.
Assist in educating and supporting customers, partners, tech support and field personnel with various written and recorded communications and external meetings as needed
Prioritize and schedule customer contacts and evaluations
How will you get here?
Education
Minimally, possess a Bachelor's degree in a Biomedical discipline. PhD/MD degree is preferred

Experience
Six years of experience in Life Sciences (graduate work qualifies) with hands-on experience with microarray, next-generation sequencing and accompanying instrumentation
Hands-on experience with SNP, copy number, and/or gene expression studies
Broad understanding of the experimental design. This should include familiarity with the technical details from a laboratory operations and an IT perspective, and experience with downstream analysis applications
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Prior customer interfacing experience is ideal
Experience with Thermo Fisher Scientific products and/or bioinformatics preferred
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities
Knowledge and experience with applications in the genetic sciences field (i.e. qPCR, NGS, microarray, etc,)
Strong initiative and ability to take ownership of challenging problems involving a range of audiences
Demonstrated problem solving skills in situations involving conflicting constraints and pressure
Ability to speak Mandarin a big plus
Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
