Are you ready to take the next step in your career? Do you want to do meaningful work that improves quality of life? At Tetra Tech, you will work with high-performing teams who are passionate about using their expertise to find solutions to complex problems in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development. Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. We combine the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in more than 400 locations around the world. We are Leading with Science® to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clientsTetra Tech is seeking an Environmental Scientist or Engineer (Jr. Level) to work at our Chicago, IL office to provide support on a variety of environmental projects, including emergency response with significant travel and on-call support.This position will involve providing technical support in the areas of emergency response, removal assessment, and removal action. Members of the emergency response team are responsible for maintaining on-call readiness to handle emergency responses and provide remedial and restoration guidance/solutions to clients in the Midwestern United States. Members of the team are also responsible for the planning and oversight of operations and site health and safety. Work will include multi-media sampling, field audits and inspections, organizing and reviewing data, preparing reports, file reviews, collection of air monitoring data, training and exercise support, contractor oversight, and related services. Responsibilities may also include training presentations; preparation of statement of qualifications and proposals, and other consulting activities. Work for other government and private sector clients in these areas is also possible.1-5 years experience in environmental consulting, HazMat response, or related field required. Strong emergency response and remediation management skills and the ability to respond quickly within a mandatory response time required. Knowledge of federal and state regulations also required. Experience with remedial design, feasibility studies, hazardous waste, site investigations, site remediation, field sampling, air quality, ecological restoration, water resources desirable. Previous experience working on EPA projects a plus.Must be highly motivated, customer focused, and work well in a team environment. Must also have the ability to manage a heavy workload, travel, and be on-call as needed. Excellent communication, client interaction, and organizational skills, as well as proficiency with MS Office applications are required. Expertise in training curriculum development and implementation is also desired. Hydraulic and hydrologic modeling, GIS data analysis and geostatistics, coding (VBA, Python, etc.), and data management skills a plus. Must be able to drive a motor vehicle and pass a motor vehicle records check.B.A/B.S. in environmental science or related degree required. 40-hour OSHA, ICS or related training, or demonstrated first responder (environmental emergency response) experience required. Asbestos certification preferred but not required. Heavy lifting of field sampling and other equipment will be required. Candidate must also meet physical demands of hazardous waste site work. Travel is required and varies based on project requirements; may include weekend travel and work. Candidate may be exposed to various weather conditions while performing field work outside.At Tetra Tech, we provide a collaborative environment that supports individual performance, innovation, and creativity. We are proud to offer competitive compensation and benefits. Learn more by visiting http://www.tetratech.com/en/benefits. For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.tetratech.com. To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter on the Careers portion of our website at www.tetratech.com/careers.We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities.Tetra Tech is a VEVRAA federal contractor and we request priority referral of veterans for available positions. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability - No calls or agenciesAdditional Information* Organization: 103 EMI
