Are you ready to take the next step in your career? Do you want to do meaningful work that improves quality of life? At Tetra Tech, you will work with high-performing teams who are passionate about using their expertise to find solutions to complex problems in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development. Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. We combine the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in more than 400 locations around the world. We are Leading with Science® to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clients.Tetra Tech is seeking a Mid-Level Environmental Scientist or Engineer to work in our Chicago, IL office. This is a full-time position for an individual with a strong technical background in environmental site investigation and remediation who is interested in career growth and business development opportunities while managing and supporting a variety of public and private sector environmental projects.Qualified candidates evaluated will have about 5-10 years of environmental consulting or related experience. Knowledge of federal, state, and local regulations and previous experience with hazardous waste site investigations and remediation is a must. Previous private or public sector client management and business development success and experience a plus. Applicable experience, training, and certifications with asbestos, lead-based paint, air quality, low-level radioactive waste, GIS, hydraulic and hydrologic modeling, or emergency response (e.g., ICS) is preferred.Candidate must possess strong analytical, organizational, client management, and communication skills (both written and verbal). Must also be highly motivated, customer focused and work well in a team environment. Proficiency with MS Word and Excel also required. Hydraulic and hydrologic modeling, GIS data analysis and geostatistics, coding (VBA, Python, etc.), and data management skills preferred. Must be able to drive a motor vehicle and pass a motor vehicle records check.B.S. or M.S. degree in engineering, science, or related environmental field required. 40-hr HAZWOPER training certification with 8-hr refresher required. Heavy lifting of field sampling and other equipment will be required. Candidate must also meet physical demands of hazardous waste site work. Travel is required and varies based on project requirements; may include weekend travel and work. Candidate may be exposed to various weather conditions while performing field work outside.At Tetra Tech, we provide a collaborative environment that supports individual performance, innovation, and creativity. We are proud to offer competitive compensation and benefits. Learn more by visiting http://www.tetratech.com/en/benefits. For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.tetratech.com. To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter on the Careers portion of our website at www.tetratech.com/careers.We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities.Tetra Tech is a VEVRAA federal contractor and we request priority referral of veterans for available positions. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability - No calls or agenciesAdditional Information* Organization: 103 EMI
