Assistant Scientist
Location


Houston, Texas - Lab

Apply Now

GENERAL FUNCTION

The Assistant Scientist is responsible for all aspects of their projects from development through delivery, including establishing the course and the approach to their assignments. The Assistant Scientist conducts research experiments with minimal to no supervision. The Assistant Scientist sets up and operates laboratory equipment, prepares materials, performs experimental procedures, records and consolidates research data, and executes planned research activities using observation, measurement, and analytical techniques. Based on his/her analyses, the Assistant Scientist prepares reports and presentations of results obtained through experiments. The Assistant Scientist helps to assure the validity of research conducted by ensuring the operational condition of scientific equipment through maintenance, operating the equipment, and managing the use of the equipment.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Conducts research experiments with minimal to no supervision under the guidance of the R&D team (Associate Scientist, Scientists, Manager, Directors, etc.).
Utilizes knowledge of scientific protocols to analyze, interpret, and/or make deductions based on data obtained through scientific experimentation.
Offers novel or unique solutions involving new or emerging technology, evaluates alternative solutions, and develops experimental plans and protocols.
Maintains accurate records of experiments and analysis on every assigned project, conducts literature searches, and maintains an up-to-date knowledge of all current methods of experimentation through professional reading assignments.
Presents data and conclusions to the R&D team at weekly team meetings.
Maintains scientific equipment to ensure optimal operational condition to assure validity of data obtained through experimentation.
Contributes to the overall success of the R&D team by performing other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
MINIMUM ACCEPTABLE QUALIFICATIONS
Education: A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Biological Sciences or a related field is required.
Experience: At least two years of experience in a research lab environment is required. Library preparation and Next Generation Sequencing experience are highly preferred.
Skills: Proficiency with Microsoft-based computer programs including some scientific, graphic, and statistical software is required. Effective interpersonal skills are required.
