This position is located in the Center of Innovation for Complex Chronic Healthcare, the Health Services Research and Development Center of Innovation (COIN) at the Edward Hines Jr. VA Hospital in Hines, IL. The position serves in a leadership capacity as the Director/Principal Investigator and holds an academic appointment at one of the local universities associated with CINCCH (e.g., Loyola UN, UN of Illinois-Chicago, Northwestern UN).
IMPORTANT: A transcript must be submitted with your application to support the basic educational requirement.

NOTE: Only education or degrees recognized by the U.S. Department of Education from accredited colleges, universities, schools, or institutions may be used to qualify for Federal employment. You can verify your education here: http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/. If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html.
Performs as a Supervisory Research Health Scientist and principal investigator in CINCCH, Research and Development Service (R&D), Hines VAH;
Mentors junior investigators and research fellows in HSRD outcomes research;
Uses quantitative and/or qualitative research methods for health services and implementation research;
Serves as the Principal Investigator and director for CINCCH, the HSR&D Center of Innovation;
Plans and carries out research projects and related analyses for several broad areas and for overseeing the work of CINCCH staff;
Provides leadership for all research, educational programs, trainings, translational activities and administrative oversight for funded programs of research and proposed programs of research at CINCCH;
Initiates and conducts own original research projects;
Provides consultation to other investigators' ongoing projects and research proposals;
Disseminates findings of this research by writing reports and peer-reviewed publication and presenting findings at professional meetings and in briefings to VA operational partners;
Reviews and provides quality control for analyses, proposals, reports and papers of staff;
Serves on national committees and review panels, including VA study sections;
Interacts with Veterans, Internal/External Customers, VA Central Office and Congress;
Provides leadership directing policy decisions related to the healthcare and research missions of the VA;
Performs related duties as required.
Work Schedule: Monday through Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm.
Recruitment & Relocation Incentives: Not authorized.
Financial Disclosure Report: Not required.

NOTE: This is a TEMPORARY appointment (not-to-exceed 13 months). This appointment may be renewed for additional service in accordance with Agency needs for 1 additional year. Temporary positions offer health insurance (if the employee is expected to work at least 130 hours per month for at least 90 days) but do not offer life insurance or retirement benefits and may be terminated at any time before the expiration date. The appointment to a Temporary position does not confer eligibility for promotion or reassignment to other positions or the ability to be non-competitively converted to permanent employment.BASIC EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: A bachelor's or higher-level degree with a major study in an academic field related to the medical field, health sciences, or allied sciences appropriate to the work of this position. Transcripts required.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-14) in the Federal service that equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of this position, and that is typically in or related to the work of this position. Specialized experience includes: serving as the Director/Principal Investigator of a medical research program; supervising investigators, administrative staff, research assistants, and project managers; directing all research, educational programs, trainings, translational activities, and administrative oversight for funded programs of research and proposed programs. This experience must be detailed in your resume to receive credit.

You will be rated on the following Competencies as part of the assessment questionnaire for this position:
Leadership
Organizational Stewardship
Quality Management
Research
Self-Management
IMPORTANT: A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. All experience listed on your resume must include the month and year start/end dates. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For more information on these qualification standards, please visit the United States Office of Personnel Management's website at https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/.
