Date Posted June 15, 2020

Category Science-Psychology

Employment Type Full-time

Application Deadline Open until filled

At Ipsos, we make market research work. We know numbers. We understand people. And we succeed in delivering results. That's why so many of the world's leading brands and organizations look to us for their research needs.

Operating in over 89 countries, we're a global leader in survey-based market research and one of the fastest-growing and most successful firms in the business. Our research focuses on five areas of specialty - advertising, marketing, public opinion, loyalty, and media - and our work focuses on our people and our clients.

Ipsos Public Affairs

Ipsos Public Affairs is a member of the Ipsos Group, a leading global survey-based market research company with offices in 89 countries. Our private sector clients include health insurers, hospital systems, corporate foundations, development NGOs, and consulting and marketing communications firms. Our government clients include the Food and Drug Administration, Veterans Health Administration, Social Security Administration, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Defense Health Agency, U.S. Agency for International Development, and the Federal Trade Commission.

Members of the Ipsos Public Affairs team have degrees in such fields as psychology, sociology, political science, economics, public policy analysis, demography, public health, statistics, international development, marketing, and social sciences. Our research measures the performance of health systems in achieving brand awareness and strength, delivering positive patient experiences, and using research to inform and refine interventions to change consumers' behaviors.

Ipsos Public Affairs has more than 30 years of experience working with physicians, hospitals, payers, brokers and other health provider organizations. We have developed a center of expertise that focuses on improving healthcare quality, increasing accountability, testing and advising on new and emerging health initiatives and health policy issues.

Sound like the right place for your career? Share our passion. Share our success. And join us in being proud to be Ipsos.

Ipsos Public Affairs seeks a research psychologist with a PhD in research psychology or a related field to join the Behavioral Science research team in Washington, DC.

The mission of our group is to understand and predict public sector knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors, particularly those related to health and social issues. Our work informs public policy and regulation, guides and evaluates public-facing programs and communications, and provides population-level insights into health and social behaviors. Our clients include the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Defense Health Agency (DHA) within the Department of Defense (DoD), and a variety of non-profit and other public-facing organizations.
Applying behavioral science research approaches to a variety of applied projects, particularly health-related projects.
Liaising with government, non-profit and private sector clients.
Working with senior researchers on all aspects of project design, data collection and report preparation.
Designing research materials (experiment stimuli; self-report instruments).
Coordinating both quantitative and qualitative research studies within timelines and budgets.
Reviewing qualitative and quantitative data to identify key findings and develop actionable recommendations.
Assisting in the development of proposals, including development of methodologies, budget and timeline.
Contributing to business development within the behavioral research sector.
Contributing to final reports and peer-reviewed journal articles.
Required Skills

Required:
PhD in social science (psychology, sociology), public health, communications, or a related field with emphasis on measurement and interpretation of attitudes and behaviors.
Applied research experience is not However, our researchers are expected to concretely translate their academic skills and expertise to the organization's research goals.
Experience in health research, health communications, behavior change, and/or evidence-based policy research is desirable but not required.
Experience in experiment design and/or survey research.
Publication in peer-reviewed journals.
Strong background in behavioral statistics; experience with SPSS and/or SAS preferred.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as strong presentation skills.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while maintaining a strong client service orientation.
Apply
Please mention PhdJobs to employers when
