Aon is looking for a Senior Scientist- (Wildfires) in Chicago, IL

Job Responsibilities:

Ability to search and collect data, clean and correct issues with data and perform analysis using modeling sources, such as historical fire data, climate data, scientific papers, published data from government and insurance claims data
Good familiarity with numerical simulation of wildland fires in order to understand and predict fire behavior. Familiarity with propagation of fire in to the urban areas and incorporation of suppression models. Familiarity with simplified physically based two-dimensional fire spread models based upon conservation laws that use radiation as the dominant heat transfer mechanism and convection, which represents the effect of wind and slope.
Analyzing the fire perimeter produced by the available codes, understanding limitations and look for models to improve the model to better capture reality
Required Education, Knowledge and Experience:
Good familiarity with numerical simulation of wildland fires in order to understand and predict fire behavior. Familiarity with propagation of fire in to the urban areas and incorporation of suppression models. Familiarity with simplified physically based two- dimensional fire spread models based upon conservation laws that use radiation as the dominant heat transfer mechanism and convection, which represents the effect of wind and slope.
Experience in analytical modeling (statistical and geospatial modeling).
Basic knowledge/understanding in developing geospatial data and data components for natural catastrophe risk modeling.
Education:
Advanced degree in fire science, forestry/ecology, environmental science, engineering or physics
We offer you

A competitive total rewards package, continuing education & training, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organization.

About Aon Reinsurance:

Aon Reinsurance Analytics is the technical consulting arm of Aon Reinsurance, the world's largest reinsurance intermediary. We are a multi-disciplinary team of professionals with expertise in actuarial science, accounting, tax, insurance/securities law, underwriting, catastrophe modeling and financial disciplines. We pride ourselves on our strength in product design and creativity. We are fully involved in all aspects of the broking process, namely origination (winning and growing clients), structuring (designing products to solve their risk management/financing problems) and execution (placing these products with reinsurers and investors).

Our Colleague Experience:

From helping clients gain access to capital after natural disasters, to creating access to health care and retirement for millions, Aon colleagues empower results for our clients, communities, and each other every day. They make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. This is the Aon Colleague Experience, defining what it means to work at Aon and realizing our vision of empowering human and economic possibility. To learn more visit Aon Colleague Experience.

About Aon:

Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.

By applying for a position with Aon, you understand that, should you be made an offer, it will be contingent on your undergoing and successfully completing a background check consistent with Aon's employment policies. Background checks may include some or all of the following based on the nature of the position: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, and criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required by the position.

Aon provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, or domestic partner status. Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and is an affirmative action employer.

DISCLAIMER:
Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

IND-US

2476159
