The Senior Data Analyst will generate and translate complicated digital marketing performance data from a variety of sources into a valuable, data-based analytical story easily digestible for different stakeholders across the organization. You will combine digital channel expertise with strong analysis and data visualization skills in order to provide fresh insight and analysis based on HIMSS proprietary audience intelligence platform and market research.
The things that you will tackle:
Develop and oversee audience segmentation strategies, including developing strategies around the collection of data and activities to obtain the data.
Leverage data warehouse to visualize and create real time reporting dashboards in data visualization tools for business and campaign level insights.
Manage, run, interpret, and share recurring weekly and monthly performance media campaign results from multiple marketing channels.
Provide solicited and unsolicited ad-hoc reports and analysis that are immediately actionable by stakeholders at all levels.
Provide insight and intelligence of database information and audience engagement results to evaluate liabilities, assess performance, identify database marketing opportunities and track audience engagement patterns.
Design and deliver ongoing analysis to provide marketing, sales and key business stakeholders with insights to make smart decisions based on data and not assumptions.
Perform and oversee marketing campaign and channel analysis.
Develop marketing dashboards, reports, and visualization that track key performance indicators and calculate return on investment for presentations to teammates and marketing teams, as well as the senior leadership team. These reports should help accurately forecast marketing and business results.
Perform data mining and statistical analysis to produce insights that drive data-driven content and marketing campaigns. Translate data into meaningful strategic and tactical recommendations based on these analyses.

Bachelor’s degree or additional equivalent experience.
A minimum of three (3) years of successful, related and progressive experience in data management in an agency environment.
Strong analytical competencies such as ability to formulate an analytical problem; QC data and results; summarize key findings/insights; make actionable recommendations
Excellent project management skills with strong attention to detail
Excellent presentation skills and comfortable telling stories using data to bring up new opportunities or best practices to improve operations and growth
Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Effective listener.
Outstanding interpersonal skills with strong personal integrity
Technical skills
MS Office (Outlook, PPT, Word, Excel, Visio), Google Docs, Dropbox
Comfortable with CMS software

Our talent anywhere philosophy allows employees the flexibility to work virtually on an as-needed or permanent basis.
Competitive, comprehensive healthcare coverage.
Generous paid time off, including time off to volunteer!
401K with employer match and profit sharing.
Be Well! Lifestyle reimbursement program.
Tuition reimbursement and professional development programs.
Are you a Changemaker?
We’ll do amazing things for healthcare.
HIMSS is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/Vets/Disabled
