Data Engineer

Chicago, IL, US

Requisition Number: 75536

We are (NSIT).

As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow.

From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter.
Microsoft Worldwide AI Partner of the Year, 2018
Microsoft Worldwide Modern Desktop Partner of the Year, 2018
Microsoft US Partner Award for Intelligent Cloud - Application Innovation, 2019
Microsoft US Azure Team Partner Choice Award - Data and Artificial Intelligence, 2019
Our Insight Digital Innovation team is searching for an experienced, passionate and professional Data Engineer to join our team.

You'll utilize the most cutting edge technology such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, IoT, and azure. Here you will have practical, hands-on knowledge of modern data architectures and tools such as data warehousing, ETL/ELT, analytics, and the Azure cloud platform. You should be driven to provide quality solutions to challenging problems. You will work closely with client stakeholders and an award-winning team of engineers, architects and thought leaders to design, build and implement next-generation solutions in advanced analytics, Big Data, BI and the cloud.

What you'll do at Insight:
You will build enterprise-grade data solutions for a variety of external clients.
Design and code solutions to tough data challenges and provide feedback on others' work.
Work directly with client stakeholders to develop technical solutions for business cases.
Aggressively grow your skillset and expertise to meet the emerging needs of our clients.
What you'll need to join Insight:
4+ years of experience working with data and data analytics development within the Microsoft data platform and an excellent grasp of some of following technologies:
SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse
Power BI
Tableau
Analysis Services and DAX
Reporting Services
Integration Services
Azure Data Factory
PowerShell scripting
Azure Automation
2 year of experience in some of the following:
Big Data technologies such as Hadoop or HDInsight, Hive, Pig, Python, Spark, Oozie, or any of the other tools with the Hadoop ecosystem
Azure Data Lake and Azure Data Lake Analytics
Predictive analytics: R, Azure Machine Learning
Strong analytical and reasoning skills that result in clear technical execution.
Skill at translating requirements into clean, efficient, quality code
Proven ability to prioritize, self-direct and execute at velocity
Passion to deliver craftsman-quality work both individually and as part of a team
Solid communication skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Desire to learn new skills and grow competencies
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline
Requires travel to Chicago Area client sites (local only).
In the News
-
-
*
Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: .

Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here.
Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at .
Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona
7,400+ teammates in 19 countries providing Intelligent Technology Solutions for organizations across the globe
$7.1 billion in revenue in 2018
Ranked #417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, #12 on the 2018 CRN Solution Provider 500
2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 Microsoft Worldwide Artificial Intelligence Partner of the Year
Ranked #23 on the 2019 Fortune 50 Best Workplaces in Technology and #5 on the Phoenix Business Journal 2018 list of Best Places to Work (Extra Large Business)
Signatory of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and Affiliate Member of the Responsible Business Alliance
Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: .

Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

Posting Notes: Chicago || Illinois (US-IL) || United States (US) || MSOP-SC; None || None || US - Chicago, IL ||

Nearest Major Market: Chicago
Job Segment: Database, Developer, Engineer, Supply, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering, Operations
