Company:

US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC

Zip Code:

77077

Minimum Level of Education:

Bachelors Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:

4 Years

Employment Type:

Full Time

Travel Percentage:

OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. Were looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY

This role will apply advanced analytics to support the evaluation and development of new demand generation, assortment, costing, pricing and supply chain models. This will require expert ability in data acquisition (internal and external to Sysco), cleansing and manipulation; mathematical modeling; analytical and heuristic solution methods; and the ability to synthesize, visualize and communicate the result. This role will require close collaboration with other functions within the Enterprise Analytics and insights Team in addition to other functions within Sysco.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Identify necessary data elements and their sources, leverage appropriate tools to acquire and consolidate large volumes of data from different internal and external sources, and identify and resolve any irrelevant, corrupt, missing, or incongruent data
Identify and use appropriate advanced analytic tools, technologies and platforms to execute analysis against business requirements, including the ability to scale, deploy and distribute models across the enterprise as needed.
Develop performance scorecards and dashboards to monitor the adoption, implementation, and impact of models and strategies.
Work cross-functionally with other roles within the Enterprise Analytics Team and the Sysco broadly to tune models and ensure value created from models.
Work with LABS and Business Technology resources on API and front end integration.
Collaborate with business process owners to validate model outputs and construct an appropriate training
QUALIFICATIONS

Education
Masters or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Neuroscience or another technical field with a focus on quantitative research OR
Bachelors with 18 months+ of relevant job experience
Experience
2+ years of experience accessing and manipulating data in SQL or NoSQL database environments
1+ years of experience with scientific scripting languages (e.g., Python, R, SAS) and/or object-oriented programming (e.g., C++, Java)
2+ years of experience with Bayesian statistics, regression analysis (beyond linear regression), supervised learning, unsupervised learning or time-series analysis required
1-4 years of overall analytics experience, can be inclusive of post-graduate work
Professional Skills
Experience accessing and manipulating data in SQL or NoSQL database environments
Experience with scientific scripting languages (e.g., Python, R, SAS) and/or object-oriented programming (e.g., C++, Java)
Experience with regression analysis (beyond linear regression), supervised learning, unsupervised learning or time-series analysis required
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
