Job Description


Company:

US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC

Zip Code:

77077

Minimum Level of Education:

Bachelor’s Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:

10+ Years

Employment Type:

Full Time

Travel Percentage:

OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY

Overtime, this role will own one of the five core predictive\prescriptive engines for Sysco. Each engine will have multiple models as components. To lead the development of this engine, the role will require expert ability in mathematical modeling; analytical and heuristic solution methods; the ability to synthesize, visualize and communicate results; and create a tool at scale to drive the recommended course of action. This role will require close collaboration (with functions, operating companies, specialty companies or geographies and technology teams) to align around the sequencing of priorities and ensure the appropriate path to value. This role is expected to help create models in addition to coaching team members in model creation.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Ensure the data mined, cleansed and engineered for models is accurate and appropriate.
Able to bring forward new and different data sets to help solve problems.
Own the multiple models associated with one of the five predictive\perspective engines of Sysco.
Identify and use appropriate advanced analytic tools, technologies and platforms to solve business problems, create the roadmap for the engine- sequencing models overtime, create or direct the creation of the models\algorithms needed, tune the models to ensure the appropriate business outcome.
Ensure the performance scorecards and dashboards created to monitor adoption, implementation, and impact of models and strategies are adequate and are being shared throughout the enterprise
Work cross-functionally with other roles within the Enterprise Analytics Team and the Sysco broadly to tune models and ensure value created from models.
Work with LABS and Business Technology resources on API and front end integration.
Collaborate with business process owners to validate model outputs and construct an appropriate training
Work with data scientists and associate data scientists to ensure the correct data sets, calculations and analytic method being employed to solve a given problem.
Act as a magnet for data science talent.
Publish a paper and speak ~1 a year at a conference to ensure Sysco is top of mind of emerging data science talent.
QUALIFICATIONS

Education
Master’s or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Neuroscience or another technical field, OR
Bachelors with 7+ years of relevant job experience
Experience:
4+ years of experience accessing and manipulating data in SQL or NoSQL database environments
2+ years of experience with scientific scripting languages (e.g., Python, R, SAS) and/or object-oriented programming (e.g., C++, Java)
3+ years of experience with Bayesian statistics, regression analysis (beyond linear regression), supervised learning, unsupervised learning or time-series analysis required
7-10 years of overall analytics experience can be inclusive of post-graduate work
Professional Skills
Excellent listening, written, and verbal communication skills, with the ability to create alignment across a diverse set of stakeholders
Executive-level presentation skills, with the ability to tailor communication for specific audiences and the ability to motivate and empower team
Excellent problem-solving skills, using an analytical and logical approach to solve complex problems
Self-starter that thrives in a fast-paced environment while delivering high quality and service levels
Strong business and technical acumen
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
