Perform as a member of the START emergency response and removal assessment team as a team leader providing our EPA client with accurate and pertinent scientific data according to agreed upon methods, procedures, and techniques. Provides sound conclusions and recommendations based upon field investigations and literature reviews within the established project schedules

Qualifications:

BS in Science or Engineering; 5+ years with oil and hazardous materials emergency response experience.

Skills Required: Ability to lead oil and hazardous materials emergency response projects; perform site assessments according to EPA removal assessment guidelines; data management, training in and use of the scientific method, some personnel supervision, various exposure to technical and scientific procedures, Decision making, people skills for client contact and personnel management, great ability to be flexible and adaptable. Microsoft Office.

Preferred Skills:
Field instrumentation. Proficient in the use of various air monitoring and multi-media sampling instruments. Abilities include calibration of field instruments, implementation in field, and interpretation of results.
Experience with geoprobe sampling; various drilling methods including HSA, ARCH, mud rotary and multimedia sampling.
Familiarity with the Incident Command System (ICS) 100-800. Completion of ICS courses a plus.
General understanding of the NCP, safe drinking water act and CERCLA.
40-Hour HAZWOPER
Able to work in Levels C/B
Ability to prepare technical reports, have good organization skills and be a self-starter.
Position Duties:

Duties will include rotations as an "on-call" responder available 24hrs a day for a week at a time, and periodic field deployments for removal assessment/action assignments.

Calibration and maintenance of a variety of multi-media monitoring and sampling equipment.

Document field activities and prepared daily and final reports for EPA client.

In-field multimedia sampling.

Proficient in the writing of technical documents and plans.

Use level D-A PPE to make entries into potentially hazardous areas.

Technical and Operational Scope:

Exercises judgment on applicability of methods and approaches in use, and determines best approaches to problem solving when standard procedures are inadequate.

Determines best method of data gathering, data base management, and analysis of data to achieve goals.

Consults with outside specialists to obtain most accurate and timely data possible while meeting project specifications and time tables.

Prepares reports on methods and procedures as part of overall project.

Major Accountabilities:

Maintain preparedness for immediate mobilization while on-call.

Produces quality samples and sampling techniques from which sound scientific data can be drawn into relevant and pertinent evaluation reports to the client's satisfaction.

Provides completed projects including draft and final reports within the established budget and schedule.

Provides accurate identification of specimens and/or sound ecological assessment and evaluations.
