U.S.
DATA SCIENCE CONSULTANT HOUSTON
Houston /

Graduate /

Number of vacancies:
5

You will be working in key projects for leading organizations in data mining & knowledge Discovery, predictive modeling, trend modeling, Simulation models (Monte Carlo), Review of credit rating and scoring models and quant support to the business and R&D projects.

Requirements
Recent graduates or final year students from disciplines relating to Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Econometrics or other Quantitative fields.
Postgraduate studies and/or specialised courses are an asset, especially in Data Science, Quantitative Finance or similar.
Should desirably have knowledge of modeling techniques (logit, GLM, time series, decision trees, random forests, clustering), statistical programming languages (SAS, R, Python, Matlab) and big data tools and platforms (Hadoop, Hive, etc.).
Solid academic record.
Strong computer skills.
Knowledge of other languages is desirable.
Get-up-and-go attitude, maturity, responsibility and strong work ethic.
Strong ability to learn quickly.
Able to integrate easily into multidisciplinary teams.

We Offer
The best environment to develop talent
We offer you the possibility to join a firm that provides all you need to develop your talent to the fullest:
Working in the highest-profile consulting projects in the industry,
for the largest companies, leaders of their respective markets,
alongside top industry management as they face challenges at the national and global level,
as part of an extraordinary team of professionals whose values and corporate culture are a benchmark for the industry

Ongoing training plan, with approximately 10% of business turnover spent in training
Specialist knowledge courses, external expertcourses,professional skills courses and language courses.

Last yearour staff as a whole received over 250,000hours oftraining spanning more than 575 courses.

Clearly defined career plan
Internal promotion based solely on merit.

Partnership-basedmanagement model offers all professionalsthe opportunity to become part of the Firm’s group of partners.

Complementary experiencies
University: we maintain a close relationship with the world’smost prestigious universities

SocialAction: we organize more than 30 community supportactivities.

SportsClub: internal and external tournaments.

More on Management Solutions
Management Solutions is an international consulting firm whose core mission is to deliver business, risk, financial, organisational and process-related advisory services, targeting both functional aspects and the implementation of related technologies.

Discover our Houston office
1980 Post Oak Blvd
TX 77056 Houston
United States
(+1) 212 626 66 40
Location

Share this job

Follow us
linkedin/management-solutions
facebook/MngmtSolutions
youtube/management-solutions
instagram/management.solutions
Mngmt_Solutions

Are you a student?
If you are in the final years of your degree, we would also like to hear from you. Management Solutions has agreements with the most prestigious universities to offer students their first experience with the business world. The Firm offers paid work experience and flexible hours with the possibility of students becoming part of the Firm upon graduation.

Other open positions in Houston
DATA SCIENCE CONSULTANT HOUSTON
BUSINESS CONSULTANT HOUSTON
NEW TECHNOLOGIES AND DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION CONSULTANT HOUSTON
