Challengers Wanted.
See how we're embracing the challenges of tomorrow!

We are seeking an Operations Research Scientist who can help us work on high value, complex, global supply chain opportunities with our Advanced Analytics team at Koch. We love passionate, forward thinking individuals who are driven to innovate through the intersection of cutting-edge research and high-quality data available within Koch’s impressive portfolio of companies.
You will have the opportunity to engage with other leading operations research and data science talent, business leaders, and analytics infrastructure experts as you design and execute experiments; including the opportunity to pursue patents on novel, successful outcomes. Our advanced analytics team is backed by world class engineering and analysis talent that helps source data, establish baselines, and transition successful solutions into production, allowing operations research scientists to focus on their comparative advantages. We work with diverse business scenarios and data types, experimenting and piloting at a rapid pace – exciting for a candidate who loves solving complex, global business problems.

Koch Business Solutions (KBS) is the global problem-solver of business needs for Koch Industries. We serve more than 120,000 Koch employees worldwide and partner with 11 Koch companies from a diverse number of industries; ranging from making fabric, glass and paper products, to manufacturing cell phone components. Since 2003 we have invested over $80 Billion in acquisitions and other capital expenditures and are proud to reinvest more than 90% of our earnings back into our companies.

Want to come help create the future of advanced analytics at Koch?

This role is open to candidates sitting remotely with preference to sit in Dallas, Houston, Chicago, Kansas City, Atlanta, Reno, Wichita, or Green Bay.

A Day In The Life Typically Includes:
Work with product managers and clients to better understand the business problem
Create a list of potentially relevant supporting data elements
Work with data engineers and/or data analysts to procure data and test it for problems
Collaborate with other scientists and analysts
Propose modeling approaches
Mine the data to check completeness, value distributions, etc.
Test models for quality and scalability
Collaborate with product managers to find the best way to present the results
Work with developers on productionizing models
What You Will Need:

Basic Qualifications:
An advanced Degree (Masters or PhD) in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, or Chemistry
A minimum of 3 years of post-academic experience developing and deploying advanced optimization models
Experience putting emerging ideas into practice through rapid experimentation and prototyping
Expert in mathematical optimization and decomposition of complex problems for custom solutions
Experience with commercial (Gurobi, Cplex, Xpress) or free/open source (GLPK, lp_solve, MIPCL) solvers
Experience in scheduling and routing optimization problems
Experience developing in Python, Java, or C++ within a collaborative production environment
High quality understanding of stochastic processes and uncertainty modeling, experience formulating and solving mixed integer linear, non-linear, and quadratic programming models
Experience developing proof of concepts and testing new ideas, as well as scaling these ideas into production ready models that can be deployed

What Will Put You Ahead?

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience leveraging cloud platforms such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud, or Azure
Working knowledge of advanced multivariate statistics and applied mathematics
This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.

Learn more about us
Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.
Equal Opportunity Employer.
Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.

This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf
Follow us
