Job Description
No need to be in Houston or relocate!

We’re looking for an enthusiastic Data Engineers with MapR skills to provide brilliant solutions for our clients.

Here’s the deal:

The Data Engineer will be responsible for transforming data into a format that can be easily analyzed.

Principle Accountabilities:
Installation of clusters across multiple nodes
Security assessment and guidance.


Skills Needed:
MapR cluster administration (preferably with the latest version of MapR + MapR 5.2)
MapR security, monitoring, DB and Hbase administration
MapR ES and Kafka administration
MapR Data Governance story
Hive, Drill, Spark, Sqoop, Oozie installation, administration, and tuning
Automation/scripting using Ansible, Puppet, Chef or Salt
Experience with NFS or FUSE
Basic ETL experience
Cloud experience
Docker and Kubernetes experience a big plus
Qualifications and Requirements:
Strong work ethic, attitude and follow through ability.
Excellent communicative, presentation and interpersonal skills. Makes compelling presentations to a variety of audiences using visual aids, PowerPoint presentations and software demos. Is adept at getting the attention and involvement of the most sophisticated and difficult audiences.
Takes initiative and pursues opportunities. Self-motivated and excellent multi-tasking skills. Prioritizes and performs a variety of concurrent tasks with minimal direction.
Projects a professional and polished image that inspires confidence and trust.


PREDICTif Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
Company Description
PREDICTif is an expert in Big Data, Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud, serving enterprise customers throughout North America. Since 2007, we’ve performed transformative implementations in Data Science, Information Management and Business Solutions, we deliver vision, strategy, execution and value with our proven methodology and industry certified, highly professional teams.
