Bioinformatics Scientist
Location


Houston, Texas - Lab

Apply Now

CooperSurgical is a women’s health company dedicated to delivering impactful solutions that improve healthcare, promoting a world of healthy women, babies, and families. We are excited to be recruiting for this position to add to rapidly growing Genomics R&D team in Houston, TX.

Position Summary:

We are seeking an experienced bioinformatics developer to analyze and interpret large complex datasets. This position will work both independently and in collaboration to develop analytic tools, algorithms, and pipelines in support of new and innovative genetic testing products. S/he will maintain and improve the functionality of our current informatics pipelines while leveraging big data and novel approaches to generate insights and drive research and development.

Essential Functions:
Primary upstream manipulation and processing of raw Next Generation Sequencing data for entry into downstream analytical pipelines.
Develops sophisticated models and innovative analyses to extract meaningful and actionable information from the integration of various -omics (e.g. genomic, transcriptomic, metabolomic, proteomic).
Designs computing strategy in a High-Performance Computing (HPC) environment for algorithm development and optimization; computes infrastructure for processing NGS data (local vs. Amazon cloud, etc.).
Proposes new tools for development based on market trend analysis, new technology, and advances in molecular biology and genomics data analysis. Works with internal groups to design appropriate specifications.
Contributes research findings to abstracts and publications and presents at conferences.
Qualifications:
Advanced degree (Ph.D. preferred) in Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Sciences or another quantitative discipline
Expertise in upstream Next Generation Sequencing data manipulation and pre-processing for further interrogation
Working knowledge of gene expression data, microarray genotyping, and sequencing data generation and analysis.
Fluent in advanced analytical tools and programming languages (e.g. Python, R, Ruby, etc.), databases (SQL) and experienced in cloud-based systems.
Experienced in Amazon Web Services infrastructure with the ability to develop high-throughput solutions for processing scientific data.
Practical experience implementing statistical principles and machine learning algorithms to large genomic datasets.
Background and experience developing and validating production level software and analysis algorithms in a regulated environment.
Strong verbal communication skills and ability to discuss data, modeling, and analytics with technical and non-technical audiences including both internal and external stakeholders.
Ability to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously and adaptable to a fast-paced, dynamic work environment with shifting demands.
Ability to sit for extended periods of time using computer equipment in normal office conditions.
Passing of background check which may include verification of prior employment, criminal conviction history, educational and driving records.
CooperSurgical is an equal employment opportunity employer and strong advocate of workforce diversity. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Veteran

To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of CooperSurgical about this opening. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at CooperSurgical via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of CooperSurgical, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by CooperSurgical for this position and a valid agreement with CooperSurgical is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of the CooperSurgical agency engagement process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.
