About Hexagon
Hexagon is a global leader in sensor, software and autonomous solutions. We are putting data to work to boost efficiency, productivity, and quality across industrial, manufacturing, infrastructure, safety, and mobility applications. Our technologies are shaping urban and production ecosystems to become increasingly connected and autonomous – ensuring a scalable, sustainable future.
Hexagon’s PPM division empowers its clients to transform unstructured information into a smart digital asset to visualize, build, and manage structures and facilities of all complexities, ensuring safe and efficient operation throughout the entire lifecycle.
Hexagon (Nasdaq Stockholm: HEXA B) has approximately 20,000 employees in 50 countries and net sales of approximately 3.9bn EUR. Learn more at hexagon.com and follow us @HexagonAB.
© 2020 Hexagon AB and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All rights reserved.

PPM is looking for a Business Intelligence Analytics Manager. Manage the processes and people responsible for accurate data collection, processing, modeling and analysis for Sales, Services, and Mktg. The ideal candidate has a knack for seeing solutions in sprawling data sets and the business mindset to convert insights into strategic opportunities for our company. The Business Analytics Manager will work closely with leaders to support and implement high-quality, data-driven decisions. They will use advanced data modeling, predictive modeling and analytical techniques to interpret key findings from company data and leverage these insights into initiatives that will support business outcomes. The right person for the job will apply their exhaustive knowledge of data analysis to solving real-world problems faced by our company and finding opportunities for improvement across multiple projects, teams and business units.

Responsibilities:
Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
Build, develop and maintain data models, data automations, dashboards and performance metrics that support key business leaders and users and their decisions.
Oversee the design and delivery of Einstein dashboards and Tableau reports and insights that analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics.
Recruit, train, develop and supervise analyst-level employees directly and through partnership with our HCCI shared services team in India.
Ensure accuracy of data and deliverables of reporting employees with comprehensive policies and processes.
Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering as well as modeling, visualization and communication deliverables.
Examine, interpret and report results of analytical initiatives
Oversee the data/report requests process: tracking requests submitted, prioritization, approval, etc.
Develop and implement quality controls and departmental standards to ensure quality standards, organizational expectations, and regulatory requirements.
Anticipate future demands of initiatives related to people, technology, budget and business within your department and design/implement solutions to meet these needs.
Organize and drive successful completion of data insight initiatives through effective management of analyst and data employees and effective collaboration with stakeholders.
Communicate results and business impacts of insight initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the company.

Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources.
Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries.
Understanding of and experience using analytical concepts and statistical techniques: hypothesis development, designing tests/experiments, analyzing data, control charts and variation analysis, drawing conclusions, and developing actionable recommendations for business units.
Experience and knowledge of statistical modeling techniques
Experience working with Einstein, Tableau, Informatica, Azure, and all relevant data to inform decisions.
Experience using analytics techniques to contribute to company growth efforts, increasing revenue and other key business outcomes.
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously.
Excellent communication, collaboration and delegation skills.
Experience with Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
