MULTIPLE POSITIONS AVAILABLE
Company: Amazon.Com Services, Inc
Position Title: Data Scientist III
Location: Tempe, AZ
Position Responsibilities:
Interact with various software and business groups to develop an understanding of their business requirements and operational processes. Apply the acquired knowledge and business judgment to build decision-supporting and operational tools to improve the bottom line. Build quantitative mathematical models to represent a wide range of cloud software optimization, capacity planning and logistics systems. Implement these models and tools through the use of modeling languages and by engineering code in software languages such as Python, Scala, Java, C++, C# or C. Gather data required for analysis and mathematical model building by writing ad-hoc scripts and database queries. Perform quantitative, economic, and numerical analysis of the performance of these systems under uncertainty using statistical and optimization tools. Create computer simulations to support operational decision-making. Identify areas with potential for improvement and work with internal teams to generate requirements that can realize these improvements. Design optimal or near optimal solution methodologies to be used by in-house decision support tools and software. Create software prototypes to verify and validate the devised solutions methodologies; integrate the prototypes into production systems using standard software development tools and methodologies.

Basic Qualifications

Position Requirements:
Masters or foreign equivalent in Operations Research, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, or a related technical field, and six months of research or work experience as a Research Scientist, Data Scientist, Research Assistant, Software Engineer, or a related occupation. Five years of research or work experience must include each of the following: programming with a major programming language such as Python, Java, C, C# or C++; experience with SQL and Statistical Computing tools R, SPSS, or SAS; clustering and time series modeling; experience developing and optimizing models; graph analytics; experience with the application of statistics and probability in analyzing test results; experience with design, application, and optimization of complex high dimensional models; and experience with problem solving and data analysis on large datasets.

Preferred Qualifications

Applicants must meet all of the above listed requirements for this position.
