Today Lonza is a global leader in life sciences. We are more than 15,000 employees in more than 100 locations around the world. While we work in science, theres no magic formula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together, devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the world. And thats the kind of work we want to be part of.

The R&D (Research & Development) Bioprocessing Scientist will work in a high performing team with the goal of driving innovation in the development of novel scalable viral vector production platforms for use in in vivo and ex vivo gene therapy applications. The successful candidate will identify, develop and implement new and existing viral vector production technologies, specifically upstream bioprocessing, using resources internal and external to Lonza in order to create scalable robust solutions to viral production bottlenecks. This hands-on bioprocess scientist will design and execute experiments, develop metrics for evaluating results and technologies and procure equipment. The incumbent will be responsible for acquiring, analyzing, and communicating experimental data in cross-functional fashion.

Key responsibilities:
Evaluating and developing next-generation viral production platforms, with focus on various upstream platforms for gene therapy and contributing to pipeline development of novel, high value vectors and bioprocessing methods.
Independently designs and executes experiments, including data analysis and communication. Obtains and analyzes experimental data using statistics and graphing software. Interprets results and proposes next steps.
Maintains accurate and up to date records, including appropriate lab notebook recordings. Capable of achieving deliverables on-time and high-quality.
Present regular updates to supervisor, R&D management and process development teams and/or present at technical meetings.
Supports evaluation of business development opportunities in the area of novel viral gene therapy platforms.
Writes and revises technical documents including lab Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), test protocols and reports
Participates in lab maintenance and procurement activities.
Key requirements:
Advanced Degree with significant experience in relevant field required. Required area of study: Cell Culture, Bioprocessing
Expertise in upstream bioprocessing
Knowledge of cell clarification processes or technologies
Experience with suspension cell culture and bioreactor
Fermentation experience
Solid understanding of GMP
Viral experience is a plus
Ability to troubleshoot and think outside the box
Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to thrive in a multi-disciplinary, collaborative environment are essential.
Independence and a strong work ethic are a must.
People come to Lonza for the challenge and creativity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference.

Lonza is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
