Job Description
Allredi is an industrial manufacturer and distributor with locations across the United States and Canada, newly created as a product of the merger of two leaders in abrasives, APE Companies and Marco Group International. Our organization specializes in industrial distribution and manufacture of industrial abrasive equipment. From our foundation of strong relationships, we have built a nationwide network that puts vast inventory and ready service close to our customers.

We are seeking to add a Master Data Analyst to our Supply Chain group in the Pasadena, TX headquarters. The Master Data Analyst is vital to the organization’s ability to meet inventory demands, as they will own the integrity and accuracy of master data records in the ERP system. This may include inventory product maintenance, new product setup, vendor master file, manufactured parts, and raw materials.

Key responsibilities of this role will be:
Maintain the integrity of the ERP Product Master Data records.
Communicate effectively with colleagues in all departments in order to maintain item data in the system.
Maintain vendor master data records including addition of new vendors.
Development and build-out of inventory data including weights, dimensions, etc.
·Maintain electronic records of all data requests including but not limited to creation, vendor info records, classifications, GL links, deletions/blocks, item number sequence, item description format and change / update requests.
Provide analysis of data records, item specs, organize descriptions into formal consistent standards and enter into the ERP system.
Analyze, create and upload formulated item descriptions needed to manage and maintain the inventory/product master data records for the Company.
Maintain and monitor the integrity of the product taxonomy data and structure.
Process approved requests for new item setup, new vendor setup, stock additions, and stocking level changes quickly to support branch order fulfillment.
Provide support to Sr. Product Manager as required.
Create, download, and analyze product data as needed to support inventory and purchasing decisions.
The ideal candidate will fit the following profile:
Bachelor's degree
2-4 years of experience in an inventory master data environment
Strong data analysis experience within purchasing and inventory
APICS or ISM certification preferred
Working knowledge of ERP systems, preferably Sage
Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize
Strong attention to detail and analytical skills
Ability to draw evidence-based conclusions from data and advise management or supply chain colleagues based on conclusion
Ability to communicate effectively with multiple departments and functions and desire to foster productive relationships
Team player and self-motivated with ability to get up to speed quickly
Able to work under pressure and meet deadlines – problem resolution
Strong computer skills including Microsoft products especially Excel
Able to manage and analyze large amounts of data
Able to build strong business relationships with vendors and other functional areas to achieve objectives.
Previous experience in a distribution business environment
Allredi is an equal opportunity employer. No third parties please.
Company Description
Allredi is an industrial manufacturer and distributor with locations across the United States and Canada, newly created as a product of the merger of two leaders in abrasives, APE Companies and Marco Group International. Our organization specializes in industrial distribution and manufacture of industrial abrasive equipment. From our foundation of strong relationships, we have built a nationwide network that puts vast inventory and ready service close to our customers.
