Work Shift: EVENING

Work Week: Varies

Job Summary

The Medical Laboratory Scientist is responsible for performing both routine and complex analyses, which necessitates knowledge of laboratory techniques, principles, and equipment and their interrelationship. Exercises good judgment by using critical thinking skills and deals with issue resolution concerning the day-to-day technical operation of the laboratory. Ensures that specimens are accessioned and processed expeditiously in order to deliver quality laboratory results in an effective and cost efficient manner.

PATIENT AGE GROUP(S) AND POPULATION(S) SERVED
Refer to departmental Scope of Service and Provision of Care plans, as applicable, for description of primary age groups and populations served by this job for the respective HM entity.

HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS

I. Provide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values:

INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do.
COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs.
ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions.
RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value.
EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate.

II. Focuses on patient/customer safety
III. Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards
IV. Provides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words)
V. Intentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met
VI. Involves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job

PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

PEOPLE 25%
Promotes a positive work environment and contributes to a dynamic, team focused work unit that actively helps one another to achieve optimal department results. Collaborates with all members of the patient care team by actively communicating and reporting pertinent patient care information and data in a comprehensive manner. (EF)
Teaches students, new employees and others as assigned by Manager. (EF)
SERVICE - 30%
Organizes workload and sets priorities. Utilizes all available work time by assisting others and performing additional tasks. (EF)
Meets turnaround time expectations as defined by management. (EF)
QUALITY/SAFETY - 35%
Performs the six elements of competency for test systems used to generate patient test results in all areas assigned to work. (EF)
Recognizes, investigates and correctly resolves test discrepancies. When problems arise, takes appropriate action to investigate and address and notifies management for follow-up. (EF)
Maintains a safe environment within the Laboratory, following all policies and procedures for safety, hazardous materials, security and emergency preparedness. (EF)
FINANCE - 5%
Adjusts work schedule to accommodate departmental/organizational needs. Appropriately utilizes the time recording system. (EF)
Uses resources efficiently; does not waste supplies. Restocks section inventory levels as needed.
GROWTH/INNOVATION - 5%
Seeks opportunities to expand learning beyond baseline competencies with a focus on continual development.
This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Graduate of education program approved by the credentialing body for the required credential(s) indicated below

EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Minimum of one year of work or training experience in a hospital laboratory preferred

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED
Must meet certification eligibility upon hire and have one of the following required certifications within one year of employment:
o Preferred - Certified as a Medical Technologist, Clinical Laboratory Scientist, Medical Laboratory Scientist, or categorical certification by Board of Certification (ASCP)
o Certified as a Medical Technologist by American Medical Technologists (AMT)
o Certified as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist by National Credentialing Agency for Laboratory Personnel (NCA)
o HLA only One of the following is required:
Medical Technologist, MT(ASCP) or Medical Laboratory Scientist, MLS(ASCP) certification
Certified by American Board of Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics (ABHI)
o Microbiology only ¿ One of the following is required:
Medical Technologist, MT(ASCP) or Medical Laboratory Scientist, MLS(ASCP) certification
Microbiology, M(ASCP) certification
Clinical microbiology registry from American Society for Microbiology, RM(AAM)
Note: current HM Medical Laboratory Scientists have 18 months from this job description revision date to acquire certification

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED
to perform the Essential Functions of the Job
Demonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going evaluations consisting of one or more of the following: skills, competency assessments and/or performance reviews
Exhibits strong interpersonal and team player skills with all levels of the healthcare team and assures delivery of excellent customer service to all patients, visitors, physicians and co-workers
Adapts to multiple ongoing priorities including organizing heavy work flow with minimal supervision
Strong attention to detail and ability to achieve and maintain accuracy
Demonstrates independent judgment and discretion to recognize problems, identify causes and take corrective action
Possesses basic computer knowledge; operates multiple computer systems to include, Hospital / Laboratory Information Systems and Office software to maintain patient and testing records and other related documents
Demonstrates the ability to work independently with little or no direct supervision
Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security
Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles

Equal Employment Opportunity

Houston Methodist is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Equal employment opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Houston Methodist is firmly bound. Houston Methodist will not engage in discrimination against or harassment of any person employed or seeking employment with Houston Methodist on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor priority referral Protected Veterans requested.

Company Profile

Since its founding in 1919, Houston Methodist Hospital has earned worldwide recognition. Houston Methodist Hospital is affiliated with the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and New York-Presbyterian Hospital, one of the nation's leading centers for medical education and research. Houston Methodist is consistently ranked in U.S. News & World Reports Best Hospital list and was recently named the number one hospital in Texas. FORTUNE magazine has placed Houston Methodist on its annual list of 100 Best Companies To Work For since 2006. Houston Methodist Hospital directs millions of research dollars into patient care and offers the latest innovations in medical, surgical and diagnostic techniques. With 1,119 licensed beds, 67 operating rooms and over 6,000 employees, Houston Methodist offers complete care for patients from around the world.
