Financial Quantitative Analyst, Financial Services Risk Management
Structured Finance -

Financial Services Office (Senior) (Multiple Positions), Ernst
& Young U.S. LLP, Houston, TX.

Apply mathematical or statistical techniques to address practical issues in finance, such as derivative valuation, securities trading, risk management, or financial market regulation. Work with and interact with front-office investment banking clients on a daily basis. Perform loan document review and data reviews on loan files, recalculating fields on data tapes and run exception reports to tie out with clients. Create collateral stratification tables used for assessing loan pool characteristics. Perform cash flow modeling on deals to tie out to clients’ loan amortization tables and bond analytics. Develop core analytical capabilities or model libraries, using advanced statistical, quantitative, or econometric techniques. Research or develop analytical tools to address issues such as pricing models. Maintain or modify all financial analytic models in use.

Provide technical guidance and share knowledge with team members with diverse skills and backgrounds. Consistently deliver quality client services focusing on more complex, judgmental and/or specialized issues. Demonstrate technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Learn about EY and its service lines and actively assess and present ways to apply knowledge and services.

Full time employment, Monday – Friday, 40 hours per week, 8:30 am – 5:30 pm.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:

Must have a bachelor's degree in Finance, Economics, Accounting, Engineering, or a related field and 2 years of related work experience. Alternatively, must have a Master's degree in Finance, Economics, Accounting, Engineering, or a related field and 1 years of related work experience.

Must have 1 year of experience in banking/capital markets at a commercial bank or comparable experience working as an advisor to a financial services company

Must have 1 year of experience in the Financial Services industry; experience must include:
Risk management, front office, middle office or back office securitization related activities within Banking Capital Markets;
Real estate finance, fixed income securities, or securitization;
Valuation or transaction issuance knowledge of fixed income products including at least one of the following: ABS, RMBS, CMBS, CDO, or CLO;
CAS, Intex, Bloomberg, Moody's Wall Street Analytics, or Citigroup Yieldbook; and
Model validations
Requires domestic and regional travel up to 30% to serve client needs.

Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.

TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at ey.com/en_us/careers, and click on “Find jobs” (Job Number – HOU003NP).

EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.

This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a "United States worker" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feel free to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a "U.S. worker".
