Application Attachments: Please include your resume and up to two additional documents. Add File The application opened in a new tab. By using this feature you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.DetailsPosted: May 11, 2020

Location:Houston, Texas Show Map

Salary:$65k/year plus fringe benefitsType:Full Time - Entry LevelYears of Experience:5 - 10

Required Education:Doctorate

Two full-time postdoctoral fellow positions are available at Dr. Wenyi Wang's lab, at the Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology at the MD Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC). Dr. Wang's research laboratory aims to address clinically relevant questions in cancer biology and genetics using computational means through the development of statistical methods and analysis of genomic or other complex data. The current research programs focus on developing novel biomarkers for the risk stratification, treatment selection, and prognostication of cancers based on measures of intra-tumor and inter-tumor heterogeneity, using deconvolution models for bulk and single cell sequencing data. For further information, visit the lab website at
We have been closely affiliated with the Cancer Genome Atlas ( NIH's flagship project, the International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC)-PanCancer Analysis Working Groups (PCAWG), the MDACC Program in Clinical Cancer Genetics, CPRIT Integrated Single Cell Genomics Core at MDACC and The Seed Networks for the Human Cell Atlas projects.
Applications are currently being accepted to fill 2 full-time, 12-month postdoctoral fellow positions at the Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology at MD Anderson Cancer Center. The accepted applications will join the research programs in tumor heterogeneity and evolution, human cell atlas network, or personalized risk prediction modeling.
The proposed starting date is Oct 1, 2020. One position will be funded from an NIH-NCI T32 Training Grant. The postdoctoral fellows will be mentored directly by Dr. Wang, with possible co-mentorship from qualified faculty members at MD Anderson Cancer Center or other institutions of the Texas Medical Center, including Rice University. Applications will be accepted until the positions are filled.

A Ph.D. degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or a related field. For the position offered through a T32 training grant, U.S Citizenship or permanent residency is required. Extensive experience with R and Python, prior experience in computational biology are required. Candidates should also have a background in cancer biology, graphical models, semi-parametric Bayesian models, or penalized likelihood methods.
To apply, send a curriculum vitae, a research statement and three references titled Postdoctoral application - Name to .

NOTES: 2 openings.
Create a Job Alert for Similar JobsAbout The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer CenterMD Anderson Cancer Center has topped U.S. News & World Report's America's Best Hospitals ranking eight times in the past 10 years. The Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology has brought together medical professionals, bioinformaticians, software engineers, and computational biologists to provide an environment where creative research is encouraged. Connections working at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center BACK TO TOP
