Role: Data Analyst

Location: Tempe, AZ

Contract: 6+ Months

Â

Job Description:

A driven, experienced data analyst to join the Vendor Managed Inventory team who has a passion for solving problems with data, an eye for process improvement, and the skill to execute changes.

You'll be a great fit if you have the grit to persevere through challenging or ambiguous problems, love a chance to step away from your desk to understand and improve processes, and get excited about translating data into action.

Â
Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports to solve operational problems.
Be responsible for extracting, cleansing, and visualizing large data sets using the tools and techniques described above.
Plan and lead execution of identified process improvements and cross functional initiatives.
Proactively monitor existing reporting, identify areas of concern, and perform any additional analysis needed to understand underlying causes or nuances.
Deliver insights on urgent business challenges by performing ad hoc analysis and crafting accurate, easy to understand findings.
Forecast future performance based on impact of process improvements and changes to the business.
Work with management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment.
Use data to create models that depict trends related to growth, consumption and forecast.
Work with Project managers to outline the specific data needs for each supplier negotiations.
Â
Qualifications/Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or similar field from an accredited undergraduate institution required.
2+ years of professional experience in data, reporting, and analytics.
Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team.
Strong attention to detail.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in Microsoft SQL Server.
Experience with visualization software; Excel, Access, Pivot Tables, V-Look Up, Tableau proficiency a big plus.
Capable of managing competing priorities.
Ability to thrive (and preference to work) in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Ability to communicate confidently to senior leadership.
Â
