Strategic Business Analytics Manager
Job Title: Strategic Business Analytics Manager
Job Location: Houston, TX (REMOTE available)
Job Duration: Full-time, Direct hire
Requirements: Business Analytics, Strong problem-solving ability, strategic analysis, presentation skills, SQL, Excel

Top Reasons to Work with Us
We are a next generation financial services company that is looking to change the world by helping people control their debt by using our simple and transparent financial tools. We are investing in innovated technology and the best team of people we can find in order to take our platform into the next decade. We are looking for top level strategic thinkers to join our team in order to find areas of opportunity throughout the business. If you think you have the mind for it, apply now and let's chat!

What You Will Be Doing
You will be part of a highly independent team dedicated to focusing on strategic projects, tasked with finding areas that have the most leverage for driving strategic growth within the company. You will need to be a high-level individual contributor while also potentially leading a small business analytics team (2-3 analysts).

If you want to spend your entire day creating BI visualizations, look elsewhere. This role is dedicated to the hardcore analysis of everything within the company with the goal of maximizing revenue, reducing waste, increasing efficiency, and improving the company operations. Each day will be different than the last, each project different than the next.

What You Need for this Position
Must Have Skills:
- 2-5 years in Business Analytics: be able to look at the data, understand the impacts, find insights
- 2-5 years in Strategic Analysis: high-level data visualization, dig into data, create a story based on what is found
- 5+ years in SQL: Strong programming and data manipulation abilities
- 5+ years in Excel: Strong skills with pivot tables, perform quick functions, analyses, create visuals
- 2-3 years Management experience: Experience leading, developing, and be responsible for a small team
- Solid Business Intelligence Tools Knowledge: strong data visualization concepts (Tableau, Qlikview, Spotfire, etc)
- Exceptional Problem Solver: receive a task, see to the heart of the problem, figure out key drivers, create compelling recommendations
- Advanced Presentation Skills: Must be able to present to C-suite executives while also customizing presentations for different audiences
Financial Services background is a big plus
What's In It for You
Competitive Salary
Work from home opportunities
Generous Personal Time Off
401k + match
Health, Dental, Vision (considerable employer contributions)
Career development opportunities
Relocation assistance
So, if you are a Strategic Business Analytics Manager with the needed experience, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
