OUR COMPANY MISSION

Soaren Management merges time-tested business practices with cutting-edge proprietary technologies to deliver reliable, efficient, and secure financial products and services. Our greatest strengths, technology and customer care, flow from the ingenuity, curiosity and integrity of our partners and employees.

VISION STATEMENT

Soaren Management works toward a future where all consumers have broad and immediate access to a range of reliable, efficient, and secure financial products and services, expedited by constantly evolving technologies.

COMMITMENT TO OUR TALENT

Soaren Management believes our success flows directly from our employees. Our employees are at the heart of our success. As such, it is in our best interest to provide all the support they need to succeed and thrive. For that reason, Soaren Management is expanding its search for fresh talent and developing our current talent. Our commitment to our team ensures value and service to our ever-growing customer base through hiring and growing our people-centric, diverse, and forward-thinking talent.

OUR BENEFITS
Competitive annual salary
Company sponsored medical/dental/vision/life insurance/AD&D
401k with company matching
Excellent work-life balance
Flexible schedule available
PTO
A small executive team with promotion opportunities
Start-up company atmosphere with an established corporate structure
A fun, casual work environment that encourages innovative thinkers
JOB DESCRIPTION

We are currently looking for an experienced Data Scientist with deep technical and statistical knowledge and a proven track record to drive business value using advanced data analysis and machine learning techniques. This position will collaborate with executives and other business departments to execute a variety of analytical projects to improve processes and create efficiencies.

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Analyze complex data sets to reduce costs and improve customer experience.
Create systems for gathering, extracting, preparing data from multiple sources.
Evaluate call center services and consumer experiences with measurable data points.
Understand operational key performance indicators, report trends and patterns.
Effectively communicate analysis with proper measurements and testing.
Formulate enhancements through system optimizations and continual data analysis.
Champion process improvements assessing pre-and post-process change.
Collaborate across Operations, Compliance, IT, Finance, or other departments.
Follow all company policy and procedures.
Display leadership through punctuality, professionalism while performing required duties.
Reinforce a workplace culture of positivity, inclusion, cooperation, and respect.
Embrace and promote our company mission and core values.
Other related duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
Master's or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field.
3+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Proven experience solving complex business problems using Statistical and Machine Learning techniques.
Strong SQL and data-wrangling skills – experience building datasets from scratch.
Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, R) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working in a startup environment a plus.
Must meet requirements of company background check policy requirements.
MEASURE OF SUCCESS
Ability to understand business and applications, capture, organize and present data for making better decisions and creating competitive advantages.
Ability to enhance call center services and consumer applications with streamlined data components to improve services through effective measurement and analysis.
Ability to scope, manage and execute assigned projects with effective data visualization.
Hitting goals while promoting a positive attitude true to our mission and core values.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Relocation Assistance
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Experience:
Data Science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Company's website:
https://www.soarenmanagement.com/
Work Remotely:
Yes
