Data Analyst

Job Title

Data Analyst

Job
ID

26969311

Location

Phoenix,

AZ

Other Location

Description

Career Evolutions is searching for a Data Analyst for an exciting and rapidly-growing wellness company in Phoenix, Arizona. This is an excellent career opportunity with a competitive compensation.

Duties Will Include:
Perform data profiling and analysis to clarify the nature and scope of data issues.
Identify and document data-cleansing requirements.
Develop strategies for duplicate identification and merging.
Drive the definition, development, testing and application of data cleansing strategies in a hands-on fashion:
Work with Subject Matter Specialists (SMS) to identify and prioritize data quality issues
Profile data to determine scope, risk, and cleansing approaches
Present cleansing options with recommendations for addressing issues
Develop and test cleansing scripts to automate cleansing wherever possible
Coordinate cleansing using data verification services where appropriate
Coordinate the application of cleansing activities with production support staff
Coordinate data entry resources and tasks and where manual cleansing is required
Configure and manage environment for data profiling and analysis.
Qualifications:
SQL fluency required, especially SQL Server.
Experience cleansing consumer data in volume (address, phone, email, etc.)
Familiarity with profiling tools and data cleansing services is strongly desirable.
Great team player with a positive attitude.
A highly proactive, energetic, and enthusiastic approach, projecting a sense that business is being taken care of responsibly.
Ability to see the “big picture” while addressing critical details.
Problem solving and analysis skills, combined with strong business judgment.
Attention to details, consistency and reliability of performance under tight deadlines.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
Superior organization and planning skills. Capable of handling multiple activities and ad-hoc requests simultaneously.
Willingness to adapt to fast-paced delivery cycles; ability to multi-task.
Local candidates in the greater Phoenix area preferred.
