An amazing Senior Leadership opportunity to join an innovative organization
that has 60 years in business and a national presence, currently building out
their Data Science practice and looking for a Principal/Senior Data Scientistt
join their leadership team with a strong focus on servant leadership and
utilizing the newest technologies to successfully guide business decisions.

Make a true impact in this data driven company as the Principal/Senior Data
Scientist, primary responsibilities include:
Strong ability to provide thought leadership in algorithmic and process
innovations, contribute to creativity in solving unconventional problems
Advanced knowledge of working with large, complex data sets.
Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements
specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and
presentations.
Passion for work on advanced analytics areas (i.e. deep learning and
complex statistical data analysis)
Provide business recommendations and interaction with senior leadership
and other business leaders using effective presentations of findings,
including visual displays of quantitative information
Research and develop internal capabilities to enhance the skill sets on
latest data science developments, work towards producing innovative
solutions to the existing challenges

Qualifications:
Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, computer science,
economics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial
engineering, or other STEM fields) AND
5+ years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field.
(e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / data engineer).
Raises critical issues when detected
Experience with writing SQL queries, performing basic conversion and
transformations
Experience with usage of R/RStudio, Python, Jupyter Notebook
Ability to run standard model algorithms in Python, to perform
classification/regression, clustering, basic text analytics, image
recognition, etc.
Experience in AI / Deep Learning for text/image/video analytics and/or
cloud Computing and/or data streamingpreferred
Must be authorized to work in the United States without restrictions or
the need of sponsorship.

For immediate consideration email your most resume to .
