Applied AI Scientist Engineer New Iron is leading the search on an Applied AI Scientist in Boston,MA. You will join a tight-knit team to enhance the productivity and quality for world-class industrial processes. This is an exciting opportunity for a strong polymath developer with broad and comprehensive skills to explore the application of AI ideas and techniques to modern manufacturing. The ideal candidate is a polymath developer who loves exploring new ideas in code, and has the skills to quickly develop proof-of-concepts using machine learning and AI techniques. This is not a productization job, but an exploration of whatrsquos possible. We have oodles of real world data - but this is not a data cleansing or data structuring position. Priority will be given to candidates who are excited about applying AI to vast data sets of differing types, to deliver real-world manufacturing solutions. If you have a passion for data and machine learning, wersquod love to help you find your next career move. Responsibilities include Advanced machine learning algorithm development Harden statistical models based on physical and operational insightsconstraints Algorithm prototyping, validation and implementation Evaluate algorithm performance, and help transition algorithms into existing products Report on research results to sponsors and wider community via briefings, conferences and peer-reviewed publications Data analysis, data pre-processing, and feature engineering Required 3-5 years of expereince in ML AI Development or related experience Strong background in applied statistics and linear algebra, applied optimization Demonstrated scientific modeling and data analysis skills Proficiency with statistical computer languages such as Python andor MatLab Expertise with one or more deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Keras, TorchPytTorch, Chainer Proficiency with SQL, Graph stores, or NoSQL stores Master of Science Degree is strongly preferred, but not required (Mathematics, Chemical Engineering, or Computer Science) This is a full time direct-role based in Boston,MA. We are unable to sponsor or transfer visas at this time.Principals only. Recruiters, do not contact this job poster.
