The Bioinformatics Scientist is a creative person who will conduct the development of data mining algorithms and tools using proprietary data and databases for scientific research and cancer biomarker discovery. The position offers exciting opportunity and significant growth potential within an innovative and dynamic genomic diagnostics company. The candidate should be experienced with next-generation sequencing data analysis, algorithm development, and bioinformatics programming with Python. Strong computational, mathematical, logical skills and proven project experience with large genomic datasets essential. This position will interact with the teams in the R&D, Information Technology, and Clinical departments. Good oral and written communication skills are required.

Develop novel and traditional bioinformatics tools to analyze next-generation sequencing data for biomarker discovery and clinical testing.
Mine and analyze public and proprietary genomic data for cancer biomarker discovery using publicly available and custom developed tools.
Develop analysis pipelines for clinical next-generation sequencing testing.
Provide feedback to the R&D team on experimental design strategies.
Develop bioinformatics computing and data infrastructure for new technology platforms.
Participate as a key member of a multi-functional team including scientists, engineers and clinicians that spans discovery, development and clinical testing.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Able to integrate and apply feedback in a professional manner.
Able to prioritize and drive to results with a high emphasis on quality.
Ability to work as part of a team.
A unique creativity and willingness to attempt novel solutions to problems.
Good oral and written skills in scientific subjects.
Strong communicator with ability to maintain open communication with internal employees, managers and customers, as needed.
Ability to project bioinformatics with large genomic datasets.
Ability to datamine with artificial neural networks, random forests and autoencoders.
Use of computer, and or telephone for long periods of time may be necessary.
Considerable periods of time may be spent concentrating and or analyzing data.
At times, stress may be experienced.
Some lifting (greater than 25 pounds) may be necessary; Facilities, Materials and Engineering employees occasionally must lift at least 50-75 pounds.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in physics, engineering, mathematics, bioinformatics, computer science, or related technical field.
8+ years of experience bioinformatics, biology, mathematics, data mining or engineering.
4+ years of experience in the medical or biological field.
4+ years of experience with statistics, engineering or data mining.
2+ years of experience with next-generation sequencing data analysis.
2+ years of experience with public databases (e.g., NCBI, UCSC, gnomAD, etc).
Excellent skills in Linux shell scripting, Python programming.
Solid understanding of the multiple comparisons problem and overfitting.
Strong knowledge of next-generation sequencing data formats.
Strong skills in mathematics, logic and statistics.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree or PhD in statistics, data mining, mathematics, engineering or similar field of study.
Project experiences with gene expression analysis and methylation analysis.
Experience with Apache Airflow.
This is a field based position.
#LI-CJ1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.
