Salary

$70,380.80 - $105,571.20 Annually

Location

AZ 85296, AZ

Job Type

Full Time

Department

ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT

Job Number

20-0191

Closing

7/3/2020 11:59 PM Arizona

We Are Team Gilbert

Gilbert, AZ is one of the fastest growing communities in the United States. We are the 5th largest city in Arizona, the 85th largest in the U.S., and has been named the #1 Safest City in Arizona, the 3rd Most Livable City in the U.S., as well as one of Arizona's Most Admired Companies to Work For.

But there is more work to be done!

Come be a part of the team tasked with making Gilbert the City of the Future! Team Gilbert is focused on keeping the thriving community that Gilbert is today well into the future. Stagnation isn't an option, we choose our mission to: Anticipate, Create, Help people. This means that we anticipate change, create solutions, and help people and businesses.

Team Gilbert is a high-performing, collaborative team of innovators whose work makes our community better every day. We hire people who share our aspiration to be driven, kind, bold, and humble.

Join Team Gilbert, not just in choosing the future, but creating it: (see application details)
We Are Seeking

With every job we fill, our focus is on providing the best service to our citizens while offering the opportunity for professional growth in a rewarding and innovative work environment. Team Gilbert has an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated professional to fill the position of Economic Development Data Scientist .

The Economic Development Data Scientist reports to the Economic Development Deputy Director. The primary function of this position is to manage data for Economic Development throughout the entire information lifecycle. This position provides strategic research, analysis, and interpretation that supports key economic development strategies and initiatives, as well as organization goals when appropriate; creates reports and presentations through data management pertaining to community characteristics, labor force, economic/fiscal impacts, and land use and commercial development that are used to drive the business objectives of the Office of Economic Development and other Town departments; Creates data visualizations like dashboards and interactive maps that are used for marketing campaigns, business development activities, presentations, and internal reporting.

Essential Duties and Job Responsibilities :
Gathering, conducting, analyzing, and interpreting research, making recommendations based on the data, and providing research results in a form that can be interpreted and understood by appropriate stakeholders
Building automated pipelines to collect, analyze and present information and make it easily accessible to internal and external stakeholders
Interpreting data, analysis and insight into maps, reports and presentations
Data mining, cleansing and warehousing
Analyzing and manipulating data to generate insight
Working with internal and external stakeholders to collect and analyze data for economic development related request
Evaluating and implementing effective data management and visualization tools based on industry standards and best practices
Building land use, financial, economic impact, and other types of data models in support of economic and community development decision making
Other duties as assigned.
About You

You actively participate as a member of a team to move the team toward the completion of goals and produce quality outcomes. You are a highly skilled professional with knowledge of:
GIS systems and SAL databases for the purpose of querying economic and/or financial modeling, data mining, warehousing, filtering, analyzing, and reporting
Technology and automation tools and workflows, and data visualization programs
Data quality, transformation and data asset management and platform APIs, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Objective-C and other programming languages and general programming concepts
Commercial real estate markets, workforce characteristics, and taxation
Public policy related to economic development
Microsoft Office products, Customer Relationship Management systems and other relevant software
...and you are skilled in:
Navigating undocumented and new data sources, consistently delivering accurate data
Querying different data sources while dealing with continuous stream of data request from multiple stakeholders
Automating recurring analysis and building reusable processes to speed up future analysis
Working with leadership to establish priorities for the completion of work in accordance with due dates, and time management to plan and organize daily work routine
Planning and coordinating multiple projects and activities
Judgment/Decision Making to evaluate the best method of research and coordinating with department management in exercising appropriate judgement in establishing priorities and resolving complex matters
Developing and maintaining cooperative and professional relationships with employees and all levels of management to include representatives from other department business owners, stakeholders, municipal leaders and outside organizations
Written and verbal communication regarding technical and complex concepts and the ability to present in a way that can be understood by others who are not experts in those areas.
At Team Gilbert , we hire innovative, forward thinking problem-solvers who love what they do! In addition to possessing the ability to live out our values daily, candidates must possess the following requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Data Science/Analytics, Computer Information Systems, Economics, Urban Planning, Finance, Business or a closely related field
3-5 years of progressively responsible experience with data management and programming
A valid Arizona driver's license
Up For the Challenge?

In addition to a competitive salary, Gilbert offers a comprehensive benefit package that includes self-funded medical and dental plans, life insurance, disability, pension, tuition reimbursement and more.

Join Team Gilbert and make an income while making an impact! If you are looking for an opportunity to make a visible contribution to our community, and get excited about doing interesting work that matters, then why not click that "Apply" button at the top there? We can't think of a better place to put your talents to work.

Let's get this adventure started!

First review of applications will occur the week of July 13, 2020.

Gilbert provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This position is an At-Will position and is FLSA Exempt - ineligible for overtime compensation.

ADA and Other Requirements :
Physical Demands and Working Conditions - Sedentary Work:
Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time and walking or standing occasionally. Also requires fingering, grasping, feeling, talking, hearing, seeing and repetitive motions.

Town of Gilbert offers a comprehensive benefit package for full time and some part time positions. For more information on additional benefits, please Click Here .
