Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Consumer Banking is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers, in addition to operating one of the most extensive banking franchises in the country. We serve mass market, affluent, and small business customers; as well as provide home and personal lending. Our focus is on delivering an exceptional experience for our customers through financial advice and guidance coupled with providing the products and services that will help them realize their financial hopes and dreams. Weve built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed.

The Analytic Consultant 5 position is within the Consumer Collections & Servicing Analytics team (CCS). This position will be instrumental in helping CCS drive excellence by reducing the risk, drive technological innovation, and operational efficiencies in the default management space.

Responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
Analyze data and create and validate assumptions that supports key business projects and strategic initiatives
Data analysis, mining and automation to support processes
Issue analysis and customer remediation efforts
Ad-hoc analysis and support for business projects and strategic initiative.
Recommend solutions to business leaders in response to business problems and opportunities
The successful candidate will possess a strong blend of technical and business problem solving skills. The candidate will have experience performing ad hoc analysis and reporting. Additionally, the Analytic Consultant 5 will support the build out of an advanced analytical framework structure that supports the full life cycle of analytics.

***Important Reminder When Applying: Based on the volume of applications received, this job posting may be removed prior to the indicated close date.

Required Qualifications
8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
3+ years of SQL or SAS experience
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Ability to take initiative, identify opportunities and implement change
Ability to identify inefficiencies, opportunities to streamline business processes, and implement change
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment
Other Desired Qualifications
Working knowledge of analytical techniques or portfolio analysis.
Working knowledge of project management concepts.
Knowledge of relational database concepts.
Experience with BI Tools Tableau, SSRS or SAS VA.
Working knowledge of OLAP structures, Unix commands and Unix scripting.
Working knowledge of collections or default management.
BS degree or higher in business, engineering, computer science or mathematics.
Street Address

DE-Wilmington: 2200 Concord Pike - Wilmington, DE
IA-Des Moines: 800 Walnut St - Des Moines, IA
IA-West Des Moines: 7000 Vista Drive - West Des Moines, IA
SD-Sioux Falls: 3201 N 4th Ave - Sioux Falls, SD
NC-Charlotte: 301 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC
NV-Las Vegas: 4425 Spring Mtn Rd - Las Vegas, NV
AZ-PHX-Central Phoenix: 100 W Washington St - Phoenix, AZ

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
