Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. As America’s largest independent tire retailer, specializing in tires & wheels, we have over 1,000 store locations and continue to grow every year. Our consistent growth over the last 60 years, the loyalty of our customers and passion of our people makes Discount Tire a great place to work.

Even more exciting, Discount Tire is predicting, embracing and driving the changes expected in the Automotive Industry. In particular, Data and Analytics are seen as our competitive advantage. As a Senior Data Analyst, you will be central in helping our company Executives address short term and long-term opportunities to support with strategic data-oriented, actionable insights and solutions related to Discount Tire’s complex business involving large numbers of people, properties and digital assets. We sell tires and wheels from around the world to millions of customers in our stores and through our website. Unlike traditional retail, customers expect us to do more than simply sell them, tires and wheels. We service their vehicles too, making for even more interesting & complex analytics challenges. Additionally, you will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of solution architects, engineers and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. Business groups supported include, but not limited to, store operations, real estate, and finance. In this role, you will actively be involved in shaping the company strategy.

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will collaborate with a large, multi-disciplinary team of data engineers, data analysts, and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. You will not only work on multiple projects to provide value to the customers but are also routinely involved in helping to building our internal capabilities to have an edge in the analytics industry. We work on providing solutions to a wide range of internal customers across the organization including senior executives to middle management coming from various domains including, but not limited to retail, manufacturing, store operations, automotive, real estate, or services.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Work on advanced analytics areas like deep learning and complex statistical data analysis
Interaction with team, stakeholders and in person meetings towards making business recommendations based on data with effective presentations of findings, visual displays of quantitative information
Develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods/models to provide business insights and solutions to key stakeholders; applies methodologies to future strategic decisions, including but not limited to store operations, finance, human capital management.
Oversees the activities of the junior data analysts
Oversees and conducts the conversion of data into insights that will lead to informed business decisions. He works directly with stakeholders and the business’s top management and executives within the assigned departments.
The Senior Data Analyst will have to handle multiple simultaneous tasks, prioritize work, and remain functional under pressure, and aggressive timelines.

Job Requirements


Required Qualifications of the Senior Data Analyst

Experience:
The Senior Data Analyst position is an advanced data role that requires extensive experience with a minimum of 5 years of industry experience as a Business/Data Analyst with 3-5 experience in data analysis using tools such as SQL, preferably work in a fast-pace and dynamic business setting.
This individual will have had experience working in report creation, modeling and trend forecasting.
Understanding of Scripting experience in (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell); Practical knowledge of data in various forms (data warehouses/SQL, unstructured data environments/PIG, HIVE, Impala);
Strong working knowledge with BI reporting tools (i.e. Tableau, Business Objects. MicroStrategy is preferred or any other data visualization tool)
Proficient using MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint, which are all necessary for the creation of visually and verbally engaging reports, for the various assigned departmental heads, managements, and stakeholders including senior executives.
Demonstrated knowledge of data governance, data quality management concepts and data quality tools (i.e. Informatica DQ)
Understanding of Agile development methodologies, software design patterns, network design and architecture
Experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modelling.
A clear understanding of key reporting and analytics, general ledger management, and data warehousing are needed.
The role of a senior data analyst involves working with people.
Communication Skill: Excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills. The Senior Data Analyst will need communication skills with collaborating with peers and stakeholders. Business Acumen is essential.

Analytical Skills: A candidate for this position must demonstrate a deep interest in research and data analysis, drawing actionable insights form raw data and information to help further the business’s cause. The candidate will be skilled in statistical and econometric modeling, performing quantitative analysis, and technological data mining and analysis techniques.

Interpersonal Skills: The candidate must further possess certain personal traits that make him even more suited for the role. The candidate will have an entrepreneurial mindset being willing to be accountable for the business’s performance, he will have exceptional attention to detail, have an ability to handle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines, have creative and innovative problem solving skills, be self-motivated and proactive, and demonstrate calmness during time of uncertainty and stress.

People Skills: This is very interactive role and to effectively execute his duties he must have a natural ability to get along with people and establish strong and meaningful relationships with others. This will guarantee collaborative personnel, departmental heads/management, and key stakeholders gain trust in his abilities and that junior data analyst personnel readily follow in his/her directives and trust in his/her judgments and insights.

Specialized Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Advanced experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python) and database languages (e.g., SQL).
Advanced experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Experience in AI / Deep Learning for text/image/video analytics preferred
Experience in Cloud Computing and data streaming preferred
SQL and relational database knowledge are required
Educational Requirements:

A Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., analytics, statistics, computer science, data science, economics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering, or other STEM fields)

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to
