About thredUP

thredUP is the world’s largest fashion resale platform, inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. The company has spent the past 10 years reinventing resale, building a marketplace and infrastructure now poised to power the $50B resale economy and usher in a more sustainable fashion future. Millions of consumers use thredUP as the easiest way to sell their clothes and shop over 35,000 brands at up to 90% off — online, in stores or via “try-before-you-buy” Goody Boxes. Backed by world-class investors, thredUP designed a resale engine that has redistributed nearly 100 million unique garments from closets across America and is now powering resale for the broader fashion industry via its Resale-As-A-Service (RAAS) platform.

About the Role

At thredUP, we’re revolutionizing the clothing industry. Our marketplace introduces some unique challenges to solve in order to deliver a delightful inventory set at great value for our customers - are you up for the challenge?

You will work on a broad set of domains, from building out and iterating on our pricing algorithms and surrounding services, to optimizing channels for surfacing the best product deals to the right customers, to building out a next generation promotional system focused on incremental growth and churn reduction. You will be working with a highly interdisciplinary team of software engineers, ML engineers, data scientists, analysts, and marketers. This role will require a mixture of software engineering, machine learning, customer insight, data science, and strong collaboration skills to be successful.
Responsibilities
Architect, build, maintain, and improve our pricing and promotional algorithms and their underlying systems. We are in the process of building a new set of services and platforms
Implement end-to-end solutions for batch and real-time algorithms
Build tooling around monitoring, logging, automated testing and A/B testing
Collaborate with your peers and other teams to teach, learn and execute efficiently
Contribute to improving our processes and engineering culture
What we are looking for
Exceptional track record in delivering production grade engineering and ML solutions at different levels of the stack
Strong experience with A/B testing and model evaluations
Strong experience in distributed systems design and best practices
Proficiency with languages like Java, Ruby, Python
Strong experience with continuous integration, test automation, and monitoring
Ability to work in a cross-functional team touching different parts of our core services
Experience with real-time data processing technologies


What We Offer
- The opportunity to make a massive impact & influence outcomes for our business and customers alongside passionate coworkers
- Autonomy. The ability to make, own, and carry out decisions
- Competitive salary, equity and full benefits (health/dental/vision insurance & 401k)
- Work from anywhere most Tuesdays and Thursdays meeting free (what we call Maker Days)
- Flexible PTO

At thredUP, our mission has been built on extending the lives of millions of unique clothing items. Much like our inventory, we believe diversity is key. As a diverse and inclusive workplace, we are committed to ensuring our employees are comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work every day. A unique perspective is critical to solving complex problems and inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. Everyone is welcome - be you.
