The Data Engineer will work on all phases of the development lifecycle. This will be considered a leader position, with responsibilities that include design, development, implementation, documentation, and optimization of an assortment of solutions. Candidates for this position will have prior experience delivering efficient, secure, high performance, and easy-to-support solutions primarily within the Microsoft suite of technologies. They will also have prior experience in providing technical leadership and direction to junior team members.

Design, document, develop, test, debug, deploy, and support a variety of custom SSIS packages, SQL databases, indexing, and performance tuning.
Provides technical leadership, creates standards for technical approaches and/or software development practices for highly performant ETL processes and database schema.
Maintains awareness of development trends, new tools, efficiencies - - shares with entire team on routine basis.
Proactive solution detection, analysis, and guidance
Gather, analyze, and document user reporting and/or data feed requirements
Code reviews
Provide escalated support for junior team members
Perform any other assigned tasks deemed necessary by management
SM123

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred
6+ years of experience with Microsoft technologies, application design, development, and administration.
3+ years of experience with cloud-based solutions and/or hybrid connectivity
Strong understanding of secure application development with the ability to perform application security reviews
Prior experience with data visualization tools, dashboard and web based reporting tools
Strong requirements gathering and documentation skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Retail environment experience is preferred but not required
Technical Skills:
Databases: MS SQL Server
Languages/Libraries: T-SQL, Powershell
Operating Systems: Windows 2012 R2, Windows 10, Mac OS X
Tools: Visual Studio, VSCode, GitHub, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Reporting Services, Business Intelligence Design Studio, Team Foundation Server
Other: SharePoint, Microsoft Office, Visio
Personality Traits:
Maintain high levels of integrity and dependability
Maintain a focus on results, quality and customer satisfaction
Works well in a team environment and effectively manage work activities
Project a professional demeanor and appearance
Be extremely flexible and adaptable
Demonstrates the ability to function and stay focused in a constant pressure, fast growing and ever-changing organization
Communication Skills:
Ability to competently understand, speak, read and write English.
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, project steering committees and customers.
Requires excellent interpersonal communications skills.
SM123

In addition to a rewarding career, Sprouts offers a comprehensive program to help support you and your family. These programs include:
Competitive pay
Opportunities for career growth
15% discount for you and one other family member in your household on all purchases made at Sprouts
Flexible schedules
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Eligibility requirements may apply for the following benefits:
401(K) Retirement savings plan with a generous company match
Affordable benefit coverage, including medical, dental vision
Pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts for healthcare and dependent care
Company paid life insurance and short-term disability coverage

Grow with us!
If you have a passion for inspiring people and a flair for fresh food, consider applying for a job at Sprouts! With a focus on customer service, our neighborhood grocery stores offer high-quality, farm fresh produce, natural meats, plenty of scoop-your-own bulk goods and much more in a fun, friendly, old-fashioned farmer’s market setting. Come grow your career in healthy living with a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and teams that pride themselves on empowering others along their journey.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. This is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements. Sprouts’ management reserves the right to amend and change duties, responsibilities, and requirements to meet business and organizational needs as necessary.
California Residents: We collect information in accordance with California law, please see here for more information.
