Hi, we're Oscar. We're hiring an Analytics Manager to join our Insurance Operations team in our Tempe office.

Oscar is a technology-driven, consumer-focused health insurance startup founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City. Our goal is to make health insurance simple, transparent, and human. We need your help to do so.

About the role:

The Insurance Operations team is entrusted with several departments that all come together to enhance the experience of our Members and Providers across the states and markets in which we operate. We are scaling our operations and we are looking for someone to help guide that effort. When you come in, you will lead a core analytics function in building outstanding lean processes, scalable tooling, and using an advanced technology stack to create automation, speed, and quality in a growing operation. You will lead a team to ensure they have the necessary support, and are empowered to move the needle for our members and provider partners.

Collaboration is the key to our growth and you will work with all of the important partner functions at Oscar including the Risk, Network, Clinical, Concierge, Population Health, Product, Engineering, Finance, Legal, and Compliance teams. You have remarkable experience leading a tech-driven service organization and experience improving operational metrics through the use of automation and process improvement techniques.

You will report into the Director of Insurance Operations

Responsibilities:
Develop a deep understanding of the underlying technology that powers our operation and current strengths, weaknesses, and gaps within that space
Participate in OKR / KPI planning - Help shape technical quarterly growth goals
Embody Oscar's vision of customer-orientation and lean production through the use of an advanced tech stack
Engage and lead the current members of the team to improve upon and implement measurable, repeatable, scalable, and predictable processes
Build relationships with company partners (you'll work with different teams and Oscar leadership)
Drive continuous improvement through the use of technology and monitoring to help the organization to grow.
Requirements:
A Bachelor's degree
5+ years of related work experience in a leadership role supporting data and analytics
Proficiency in database architecture and languages - SQL, Python, or similar
Advance background knowledge of continuous improvement methodologies
Systematic thinking expressed by prior work or experience (lean operations, consulting, project management).
Experience directing and coaching direct reports
Experience driving and using advanced technology to improve operations
Life at Oscar:

At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free hiring practices. It means that we cultivate an environment where people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change health care -- an experience made whole by our unique backgrounds and perspectives.

We encourage our members to care for their whole selves, and we encourage our employees to do the same with comprehensive medical benefits, generous paid-time off, paid parental leave, retirement plans, company social events, stocked kitchens, wellness programs, and volunteer opportunities.

Reasonable Accommodation:

Oscar applicants are considered solely based on their qualifications, without regard to applicant's disability or need for accommodation. Any Oscar applicant who requires reasonable accommodations during the application process should contact the Oscar Benefits Team (accommodations@hioscar.com) to make the need for an accommodation known.

Pay Transparency Policy:

Oscar ensures that you won't be discharged or discriminated against based on whether you've inquired about, discussed, or disclosed your pay. Read the full policy here.
