Job Description
Who are we?

BlueOptima is a company built on transparency, collaboration and accountability. We provide organisations with an objective, data driven insight into developer efficiency and how we operate internally is a direct reflection of this.

We are a Unit made up of tenacious, ambitious and hungry individuals, who strive to constantly improve and pull together to achieve our ambitious goals. Our company values and genuine family-feel working relationships lead to a working culture of collaboration, learning, autonomy and high performance.

Our Product

BlueOptima provides industry-leading objective metrics in software development using our proprietary Coding Effort Analytics; enabling Fortune 500 organisations to deliver better software, faster and at a lower cost. Our technology is deployed by global enterprises to drive value from their software development activities, where we are working with C-Level Executives of 12 of the Fortune 50 Companies, 4 of the top 10 largest banks by Market Capital and 6 of the S&P 50 Companies (by revenue).

Founded in 2006, BlueOptima is a profitable, high-growth independent software company with six global locations: HQ in London and 5 additional offices in India, Mexico and the US.

Job Summary

We are looking for a Managing Data Science Consultant based in Phoenix, Arizona to lead and develop our Americas Data Science team. The successful candidate will be passionate and driven with expertise in all aspects of data science, including data mining, integration and visualization along with senior technical consulting experience. The individual will work with key clients providing expert consultancy and build senior relationships to help drive the value of engagements and successfully position the Data Science team, along with responsibility for all projects.

Key Responsibilities
Identify and close opportunities for BlueOptima’s Data Science services across new and existing clients. Expertly position the value with senior client stakeholders.
Manage, grow and develop a team of Data Analytics Consultants, providing expert leadership and support. Set structured OKRs and individual development plans.
Achieve key department KPIs, including; team utilization, revenue recognition and client feedback.
Work closely with Sales and Customer Success management and provide training on the services the Data Science department provides.
Critical stakeholder in developing and maturing the Data Science strategy.
Senior liaison between client technical team and BlueOptima development team, supporting team members in key decisions and interactions.
Provide expert consultancy, project management and value delivery on client engagements.
Translate client problems into innovative analytical solutions based on BlueOptima Coding Effort data.
Key Skills & Experience
Degree in a technology related discipline with demonstrable technical experience.
3+ years experience leading and growing consultancy teams, preferably in a data analytics capacity.
Experience leading and growing consultancy teams, preferably in a data analytics capacity.
Strong communication and presentation skills with experience in senior executive engagements. Ability to explain core data science principles in easily understood terms.
Experience in managing customer facing projects and deliverables in a high pressure environment. Ability to manage client expectations and manage escalations.
Strong understanding of the SDLC and statistical analysis.
Experience with Data Analysis & Data Visualisation tools (i.e Tableau, Qlikview, SAS BI).
Python/R or similar programming experience. SQL and database administration experience.
Why work for us?
SaaS product with a strong value proposition, even through COVID-19
Profitable growth at 100% YoY - revenue and company headcount
Inclusive and collaborative working culture
Organic company headcount growth, resulting in advances in management
Annual company meet-ups
Autonomy and fully accountable for your own successes
Part of a tight knit company, where your efforts have a significant contribution, and are recognised and rewarded

Company Description
A company with a bright future:

After many years of research and development into BlueOptima’s technology, extending in advance of the company’s incorporation in 2007, the strong offering is driving healthy sales, which we expect to continue to grow rapidly. This will be coupled with an influx of further salespeople, which will present the opportunity for promotion.

If you are interested in joining our fast-moving, close-knit and focused team, please apply!
