You will serve as a General Physical Scientist in the DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.

THIS IS AN EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY ANNOUNCEMENT. The Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) FY 2009 provides that the Secretary of Defense can designate acquisition positions as shortage positions and recruit and appoint highly qualified persons to these positions.Applicants must meet the following basic education requirements of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual:

Successfully completed a bachelor's degree or higher in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that included 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.

OR

Possess a combination of education and experience with education equivalent to one of the majors shown above that included at least 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science, plus appropriate experience or additional education.

Applicants may substitute education for experience in the following situations:

FOR THE GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed one full year of graduate level education OR you have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement

FOR THE GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a master's or equivalent graduate degree OR have successfully completed two full years of progressively higher graduate level education leading to a master's degree

FOR THE GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have successfully completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR you have successfully completed three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. or equivalent degree

NOTE: Education and experience may be combined for all grade levels for which both education and experience are acceptable.In addition to the basic education requirements, applicants must meet the following minimum qualifications:

FOR THE GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-05 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector demonstrating experience in 1) Interpreting basic environmental laws; 2) Assisting higher graded personnel with environmental program areas (e.g. air, potable water, waste water, storm water, storage tanks, hazardous waste); and 3) Assisting with environmental compliance audits. NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position. OR have successfully completed one full year of graduate level education OR have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement. OR have a combination of experience and education as described above that equates to one year of experience.

FOR THE GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-07 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector demonstrating experience in 1) Evaluating the impact of complex environmental laws on supported organizations; 2) Assisting in the management of environmental program areas (e.g. air, potable water, wastewater, storm water, storage tanks, hazardous waste); and 3)Revising and reviewing guidelines, point papers, and instructions in order to provide guidance to staff. NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position. OR have successfully completed a master's or equivalent graduate degree.https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/students/ federal-occupations-by-college-major/ OR have successfully completed two full years of progressively higher graduate level education leading to a master's degree. OR have a combination of experience and education as described above that equates to one year of experience

FOR THE GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector demonstrating experience in 1) Providing information/guidance to others on environmental methods and guidelines in relations to public safety, employee safety, and environmental matters related to all environmental compliance media ; 2) Identifying environmental compliance issues with the management of facilities; 3) Providing input on the planning and execution of environmental programs/projects. NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position. OR have successfully completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree. OR have successfully completed three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. or equivalent degree.OR have a combination of experience and education as described above that equates to one year of experience.

For the GS-12 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector demonstrating experience in 1) Ensuring projects are in compliance with local, state, Federal and regional environmental laws and regulations.; 2) Providing technical advice on environmental compliance with regulatory codes and regulations; and 3) Tracking service provider performance (i.e. deliverable deadlines, regulatory deadlines, environmental permit requirements); 4)Using principles, practices and techniques of environmental plans, programs and methods in identifying problems with projects and implementing corrective action. NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position.

FOR THE GS-13 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector demonstrating experience in 1) Utilizing project management and environmental engineering/science concepts, principles, and practices to oversee environmental remediation and restoration projects; 2) Utilizing knowledge of interdisciplinary environmental sciences (i.e., chemistry, biology, geology, hydrogeology, and/or geochemistry) and physical sciences to develop environmental restoration project solutions; 3) Applying latest developments to solve environmental remediation problems that are outside present practices and methods; 4) Making recommendations and decisions for smooth transition of environmental technologies in research and design; and 5) Identifying potential impacts of decisions and recommendations on public safety, ecology, and environmental programs at the activity level. NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF

Individual Occupational Requirements link:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1300/general-physical-science-series-1301/
