See Terracons Safety Response to Covid-19 below

Job Description

General Responsibilities:
Conduct environmental site investigations, assessments and surveys to sample, measure and analyze air, water, material, and soil. Identify, evaluate and recommend risk and remediation strategies/designs to ensure compliance with federal, state and local regulations. Prepare applicable permit applications, risk assessments and technical documents including proposals, reports and regulatory agency correspondence. Design systems and environmental protection plans. Projects may include Phase I/II environmental site assessments, ecological and natural resource field surveys, tank closure assessments, asbestos abatement, storm water management, and site planning and permitting.

Essential Roles and Responsibilities:
Follow safety rules, guidelines and standards for all projects. Participate in pre-task planning. Report any safety issues or concerns to management.
Be responsible for maintaining quality standards on all projects.
Career level, fully competent scientific professional responsible for planning, scheduling, conducting or coordinating detailed phases of work for part of a major project or total of a project of moderate scope and complexity.
May devise new approaches to problems encountered.
May serve as a team leader in medium projects and mentor junior level scientists/engineers.
Performs scientific analyses on projects of own discipline.
May attend on and off-site client meetings.
requirements to complete client projects by directing and supervising field staff to sample, test and collect data and/or document site activities.
Responsible for developing written proposals to clients for both small and large projects including quality control review of proposals written by others.
Evaluates complex laboratory and field data and assembles in written reports.
Requirements:
Bachelors degree in Environmental Science or related science field and a minimum of 7 years related experience. Or, in lieu of a degree, a minimum of 11 years related experience.
Masters degree or PhD preferred.
Certification in field of expertise.
Valid drivers license with acceptable violation history.
Terracons Safety Response to COVID-19

Committed to Our Employee Safety!

Terracon is passionate about your safety before, during, and after the COVID-19 pandemic. As Terracon continues to move forward and grow through this time, we are continuing to take every precaution to ensure the safety of our employee-owners. If you are as committed to your success as we are committed to your safety, then Terracon is the company for you!

Our goal has not changed. For Terracon, our guiding principle has been and will continue to be the safety of our employee-owners. Its that simple. We want our employees to be able to work safely in every situation and go home safely each night. As we continue our vision of being Best at People, here are some of the things Terracon is doing to safeguard every employee-owner:
On-going communication with ALL employee-owners on a dedicated COVID Response page, and a portal for their families to have access to resources as well
Requiring specific COVID-19 Pre-Task Safety Planning Protocols for all tasks and projects
Empowering employees to speak up and say no to working in unsafe conditions
Providing an additional 40 hours of sick leave to anyone impacted by COVID-19, including those impacted by daycare and school closures
Offering voluntary reduced work schedule for anyone needing extra time to care for others
Load leveling work assignments across regions to maintain high productivity and chargeability
Ensuring proper PPE and sanitation on all project sites by providing field employee-owners with mobile hand washing stations and supplies, masks, and sanitizing kits
Utilizing technology for more remote work opportunities and innovation using everything from video conferencing to drones
Following all CDC guidelines including social distancing on job sites, in offices, and in our labs
Implementing a stand-by leave program to ensure our employees continue service and health insurance benefits during regional work shortages
If your passion lies in working with a company that truly cares for your safety, and if youre interested in belonging to a 100% employee-owned organization that will help you grow and quickly progress in your career, consider Terracon and apply today!

About Terracon

Terracon is a 100 percent employee-owned consulting engineering firm providing quality services to clients. Since 1965, Terracon has evolved into a successful multi-discipline firm specializing in environmental, facilities, geotechnical, and materials services. Terracon currently has more than 5,000 employees in more than 150 offices with services available in all 50 states. Terracons growth is due to valued employees exceeding expectations in client service and growing their careers with new and exciting opportunities in the marketplace.

Terracon offers an excellent compensation and benefits package including: medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid holidays.

EEO Statement

Terracon is an EEO employer. We encourage qualified minority, female, veteran and disabled candidates to apply and be considered for open positions. We do not discriminate against any applicant for employment, or any employee because of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender, disability, age, or military status.
