Job Title
Pre-Clinical Imaging Field Application Scientist

Location(s)
Denver, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, San Francisco, Seattle

Job Opportunity

PerkinElmer is looking for a motivated, successful and experienced application scientist to scientifically represent our company. As an imaging subject matter expert, you will be managing a vital scientific relationship with our customers in the pre- and post-sale life cycle of our IVIS preclinical imaging product line. You will work collaboratively with a team of highly experienced PhDs to give application-centric presentations, provide advanced instrument training and assist customers with experimental design and troubleshooting their imaging studies. If you like traveling, staying intellectually challenged and engaging with scientists in academia, biotech and pharma, then this is an ideal opportunity for you.

What we provide

We provide our customers with critical knowledge, expertise and innovative detection, imaging, software, and services solutions so that they can make better decisions for better research outcomes. At PerkinElmer, we make a difference everyday – helping scientists, clinicians and governments detect earlier and more accurately to improve the health and safety of people and the environment. Our solutions range from enabling the discovery of more effective diagnostics and therapies, to making sure that the food we eat, the water we drink, and our environment are safe from contaminants.

Our Team

We have a market leading In Vivo imaging portfolio designed for investigating preclinical models through 2D and 3D multimodal imaging (bioluminescence, fluorescence, Cerenkov, and microCT). Our team is comprised of highly experienced PhD scientists, dynamic sales professionals and product managers that partner collaboratively on providing a full solution customer engagement experience. Our team actively listens to our customer base and provides cutting-edge imaging technology and biology solutions to address their specific research needs. We a team of cohesive, respectful and accomplished individuals drawn from all over the world.

How you will contribute
Develop a strong, working knowledge of our IVIS optical Imaging product portfolio and scientific applications. Knowledge of multi-modality imaging using complementary CT technologies will be key to successful customer outcomes.
Provide advanced instrumentation training to our IVIS customers.
Present to potential clients on optical imaging applications.
Provide biological expertise and experimental design to support our customers.
Work closely with product managers, marketing teams and application teams to develop and maintain pre-sales and post-sales presentation and training material.
Work closely with the R&D group to plan experiments that are relevant to the client base
Attend and Present Data at local tradeshows as requested.
Help with lead generation for both Commercial and Academic accounts
Present a professional image at all times to customers, clients and other vendors.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
5 years’ experience within academia or the pharmaceutical/biotechnology industry
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD with a focus on Optical Imaging or alternative doctoral degree (DVM, PhD, MD) within academia or the pharmaceutical/biotechnology industry, or equivalent.
Proven track record of experience in non-invasive, live animal imaging (IVIS and multimodality), laboratory animal models, cell culture and molecular biology.
Knowledge of CT is highly preferred.
Knowledge of a broad range of preclinical animal models and applications is preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication, negotiating and presentation skills.
Ability to work effectively independently and within a team environment.
Experience with the working variables of a vivarium environment (this is an animal holding facility).
Willingness for 50-60% overnight travel.
#LI-JJ2

PerkinElmer is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, or veteran status or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. PerkinElmer is committed to a culturally diverse workforce.
