NortonLifeLock Inc. (NASDAQ: NLOK) is a global leader in consumer Cyber Safety. NortonLifeLock is dedicated to helping secure the devices, identities, online privacy, and home and family needs of its nearly 50 million consumers, providing them with a trusted ally in a complex digital world. For more information, please visit NortonLifeLock.com or connect with us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.

About the Role:


The Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager is a key partner with NLOK’s core Direct Acquisition/Marketing functions: Advertising and Strategy, Digital, Database, Offline Media and Mobile. The Sr Marketing Analytics Manager is responsible for completing analysis to measurably improve the business, measure and interpret test results, coordinating the creation of reports/dashboards and provide data driven guidance on creative direction, media buying and go-to-market strategy . Experience in measuring direct marketing campaigns in both the digital and offline space. Strong web analytics experience and background is desired. Please note this is an individual contributor role and not a people manager.

Responsibilities:
Partner with direct acquisition teams to understand business needs and find innovative solutions to solve for them
Analyze complex and large data sets to identify opportunities for optimization and improvement.
Innovate on methodologies to track ROI of online and offline marketing campaigns and overall business performance
Define, develop and produce comprehensive regular measurement and reporting plans for existing and new marketing initiatives.
Oversee design, automation, and interpretation of regular performance reports
Provide historical, current and predictive views of marketing metrics to key stakeholders.
Contribute to attribution and modeling projects.
Identify, monitor and report on emerging trends, opportunities and competitors.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in a quantitative/analytical field
5+ years of experience with analytics (knowledge of data mining algorithms, techniques (decision trees, ensemble learning, clustering, association rule mining etc.) and problem areas (churn prediction, segmentation, forecasting, attribution rules etc.) preferred
Bias towards action. Always striving to translate findings into activity
Deep familiarity with tools such as advanced Excel, R, SQL, Tableau etc.
Knowledge of direct marketing acquisition preferred
Knowledge of different media channels including Mobile, SEO, Paid Search, Email and Web preferred
Experience in online media channels preferred (digital marketing)
Thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing, and very exciting environment. You’re self-motivated, passionate, and you unequivocally believe in the power of analytics
An affinity for data extraction, manipulation, and statistics
Proactive communicator with high energy and enthusiasm
Self-starter and not dogmatic about experimental design. Live in the real world and aren’t scared by messy and incomplete data
#LI-BW2

NortonLifeLock is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive and accessible environment for all employees. All employment decisions are based on merit, experience, and business needs, without regard to race, color, national origin, age, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical conditions), genetic information, disability (physical or mental), medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, military or veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local law. NortonLifeLock strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based on such protected characteristics and seeks to recruit the most talented candidates from diverse cultures and backgrounds.

We also consider for employment qualified individuals with arrest and conviction records. In addition, NortonLifeLock will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Learn more about pay transparency.

EEO is the law. Applicants and employees of NortonLifeLock Inc. are protected under Federal law from discrimination. See the EEO poster and supplement.

Apply
