Medical Lab Scientist - Molecular
Job ID

12114

Apply Now


City:
AZ-Phoenix

Start Time:
1:00 am

FTE Status:
(FA) 1.0 - 40 Hours

End Time:
1:00 am

Scheduled Days:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday

Required to Work:
Weekends, Holidays, On Call

Did you know Sonora Quest Laboratories is the leader in infectious disease testing services in Arizona?

With a broad menu of molecular, antibody, and other test services to aid diagnosis, treatment and monitoring, we are seeking to grow our Molecular team. If you are a Medical Lab Scientist eager to help better the health of our community, join our team efforts to ramp up COVID-19 testing.

Sonora Quest has performed and reported results of more than 35,000 diagnostic COVID-19 tests. Furthermore, with additional test collection supplies such as swabs, reagents and appropriate personal protective equipment, Sonora Quest has additional capacity to run up to 4,200 molecular tests per day at our Tempe lab.

We are looking to hire Medical Lab Scientists for the following Mon - Fri (including weekends):
1st: 6 AM - 2:30 PM
2nd: 2 PM - 10:30 PM
3rd: 10 PM - 6:30 AM

Apply now and let’s get started in your future!

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

1.Performs testing in an accurate and timely manner according to established policies and performance standards with a knowledge level determined for that testing. Responsible for start up, calibration and accuracy of procedures and instrumentation. Actively participates in problem solving activities within the department, using advanced level of decision-making skills. Demonstrates advanced knowledge and application of all computer systems used in the department. Demonstrates advanced knowledge and application of theory and clinical relevance testing. Assists in ensuring compliance with accrediting agencies and regulatory requirements. Demonstrates ability to assume lead responsibility in absence of on-site departmental leadership personnel.
Recognizes, ensures validity, and assists in monitoring abnormal patient and/or QC results of testing. Ensures accuracy of test results. Participates in detecting and documenting occurrences that deviate from defined procedures. Recognizes need and participates in department and LSA/SQL System process improvement and quality assurance activities, including assisting with monitoring of department indicators of productivity and quality.
Monitors and controls inventory and assists in providing financial data for the department. Active participation on process improvements in financial performance to decrease costs, improve productivity and improve service.
Participates in contributions to additional department/System projects. Active in training of department employees. Actively participates on at least one committee or team or is involved in at least one special project identified with department management. Exhibits awareness of medical/legal consequences of professional actions. Assists in new employee orientation, training and competency. Provides input for competency and annual assessments for employees in appropriate time frames. Completes training module for newly hired/transferred personnel. Self directed.
Acts as a department resource by participating in providing educational information to internal and external customers.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
• Bachelor’s Degree in clinical laboratory science/medical technology, OR
• Bachelor’s Degree in chemical, physical or biological science and certification (MLS or categorical).
• Students may be hired at the job title equivalent in clinical laboratory science under the following conditions: Student is enrolled in a clinically recognized program (CLS), student’s clinical rotation in the core area must be completed prior to working in that core area and student must complete program within one year of hire.
• Foreign educated candidates must provide a detailed credential evaluation from IERF (International Education Research Foundation) or other nationally recognized credentialing agency.
• For certain specialty disciplines ONLY (Toxicology, Clinical Mass Spectrometry, etc.) where no certification is available from a certifying agency, a Bachelor’s Degree with one year of experience in that discipline is required. Individuals with specialty certification may only work in the discipline of their specialty.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
• MT or categorical certification (ASCP, AMT, HEW, AAB).

Note: There is heavy use of bleach in the Molecular Department.
