Data & Analytics Manager – Bachelor’s Degree (4+ years in data analysis)

Who We Are

Copa Health provides the best possible services and supports that assist each individual in achieving their own personal vision of recovery, wellness and a life in the community. We currently have 150+ locations including; day programs, group homes, respite and habilitation care, clinics, outpatient services, counseling services and overall integrated care. We serve approximately 19,000 members annually.

Our purpose is to, inspire health, hope and happiness by delivering world class solutions to individuals, families and communities.

Each year, compassionate and dedicated employees deliver life changing services that support individuals and families who have disabilities to achieve higher levels of self-sufficiency, resiliency and wellness. Through our employees efforts, lives are improved, families are enriched and communities are positively changed in dramatic ways. Because of the vulnerable population we serve, working at Copa Health is both a unique privilege and great responsibility. By focusing on our values of; people first, compassion, integrity, perseverance, accountability and innovation; our employees feel rewarded and fulfilled, while delivering the highest level of service.

Who We Need

We’re looking for someone with the following skills, experience and credentials:
Monitor digital program(s) performance via multiple systems to measure success through reporting and analysis.
Using SQL and / or other data collection tools, provide monthly (or as needed) reporting on various inquiries (e.g. quality, quantity and integrity) regarding data stored within the agency EHR systems.
Complete agency data transfers to and from various other external agencies using SFTP or other designated services.
Interpret, analyze and make recommendations against program and database metrics.
Report statistics and recommendations for program growth to management on a weekly or monthly basis.
Analyze historical data & measure the effectiveness of program iterations.
Standardize reporting, create definitions, automate, provide more visibility for reporting.
Create self-service reporting capability for ad-hoc requests.
Receive/solicit reporting requests from organization stakeholders.
Assist EDW team to transition existing SQL and excel reports to an automated cloud-based business intelligence platform (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau, etc.).
Build new dashboards and reports in the new BI platform for multiple audiences (Board of Directors, Executive Leadership Team, Departments, etc.).
Provide direction on selecting an automated cloud-based business intelligence platform for Copa Health.
Identify/solve problems in a fast-paced environment and communicate solutions to the rest of the team and management.
Provide innovative problem-solving skills; dissect and resolve root causes of problems and implement solutions.
Facilitate inter-department team meetings, as necessary, to ensure progress goals are met and the team is continuously learning from the past.
Look beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities.
We have a full-time position that works Monday-Friday, 8AM-5PM. Location is 924 N. Country Club Dr. Mesa, AZ 85201.

Job requirements
Bachelor’s degree required.
Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and/or program management in a cross-functional environment with aggressive delivery deadlines.
Knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL) systems and relational databases as they apply to Microsoft SQL, Amazon RDS or MySQL.
Knowledge of interfacing with and utilizing cloud-based business intelligence platforms.
Knowledge of advanced features within spreadsheet applications such as formulas, pivot tables, charts and Graphs.
What You’ll Get…

When you join our team as a full-time Data & Analytics Manager, you’ll receive:
9 paid holidays per year and paid time off accrual
Access to health coach and wellness incentives
Tuition reimbursement up to $1,000
Medical Vision, and Dental
H.S.A., H.R.A, F.S.A. (with select medical plans)
Group Life/AD&D and Short-Term Disability
Long-Term Disability and Life/AD&D
403(b) retirement plan with company match
Employee Assistance Program
Copa Health, powered by Marc Community Resources and Partners In Recovery, is an Equal Opportunity Employer – All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law. Pre-Employment Criminal Background and Drug Testing Required. EOE.

"
