DriveTime Needs a Director of Data Science
Headquartered in Tempe, Arizona, DriveTime is the largest privately owned used car sales and finance company in the country. With more than 130 dealerships, 3 operations centers and 15 reconditioning centers across the nation, our 4,000+ employees are focused on getting the right customer in the right car, at the right terms. We sell over 100,000 vehicles per year and have an automobile finance portfolio approaching $5 billion. With over 25 years of industry experience, and our dedication to streamlining the purchase process, we're redefining what it means to buy and finance a used car.
As focused as we are on our customer, we take that same focus on finding the right talent for the right opportunities within our organization. All across the nation, from our Home Office and operations centers to our retail locations and reconditioning centers, we are looking for talented individuals like yourself to join our ever-growing team!

That’s Nice, But What’s the Job?
In short, as the Director of Data Science you will lead a team of Data Scientists responsible for advanced analytical solutions that include predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to that generate strategic insights and enable more effective business solutions. You will utilize technical acumen and in-depth understanding of business processes and practices to collaborate with our business operations in the creation and execution of operational and strategic plans. In addition, this role collaborates with IT, Business Intelligence and other areas to build major improvements to analytical processes and systems.
In long, the Director of Data Science is responsible for:
Advising Senior Leadership on the development of data science solutions that enhance the company’s long-term business strategies.
Overseeing the creation of machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, and implementation.
Maintaining relationships with academic and industry thought leaders to ensure the enterprise has access to cutting-edge thinking and technologies.
Collaborating with other analytical leaders to fulfill the strategic direction of the business through data and information exploration, research of emerging technologies and analytical techniques, and long-term defined/project specific strategic assignments.
Partnering with enterprise analytical and IT teams to build DriveTime’s core capabilities and processes.
Identifying additional resource needs ranging from IT investments, 3rd party support or additional analysts.
Understanding the business direction, environment and strategies, to identify and recommend solutions that influence decision makers and drive change.
Directing the design and construction of large and complex data sets from large amounts of structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Building and leading a high performing team of experts in advanced analytics. Develops team reputation as highly skilled experts in the field of data science.

So What Kind of Folks Are We Looking for?
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. The ability to talk and write with confidence, charisma and competence for a wide variety of audiences including management.
Intellectual curiosity. Why? What? How? Do you find yourself always wanting to learn more and broaden your knowledge base? If so, this could be the role for you.
Creative problem solving. You are always looking beyond the obvious for continuous improvement.
Strong business acumen. Ability to collaborate and influence business operation in the development of strategies supported by advance analytical solutions.
Customer Focused. You embrace the business problem-solving process of analyzing but also share our passion to do the right thing. You know it’s about making the right decision for our customers.
Exceptional interpersonal skills. Friendly and tactful with the ability to influence others, effectively manage conflict, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage highly sensitive and confidential information, interact at all levels within the organization, and build cross-functional partnerships across the business.
Plays well with others. You will be working in a high-functioning team environment. We work together in order to win together.
The Specifics.
Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related “STEM” field OR 8 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
8 or more years of experience in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science.
3 or more years of direct management experience.
Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis).
A strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executives.
Anything Else? Absolutely.
DriveTime was awarded Top Companies to Work for in AZ by AZCentral.com for our great culture and one of the Best Places to Work in IT as awarded by PBJ. Essentially we offer a creative, transparent and fun environment since, well, we work here too. DriveTime was also voted the Fastest-Growing Private Companies by Inc 5000, and we aren’t slowing down anytime soon!
So What About the Perks? Perks matter.
Medical, Dental and Vision. DriveTime pays a nice chunk of your premiums to keep the cost as low as possible for our employees.
16 days of PTO and 6 paid Holidays. Because who doesn’t love time off?
Additional Benefits. Fully paid company vehicle (all you pay for is gas in the tank), 401(k) matching program , company paid life insurance, and short and long-term disability.
Casual Dress. Come dressed in jeans (you’ll fit right in with the rest of us).
Game Room. Gimme a break – no, not a Kit Kat ad but we do have a ping-pong table, pool table and foosball table if you ever need a break in your day.
Wellness Program and In-House Gym. We want our employees to be the best versions of themselves. That’s why we offer a Wellness Program that includes an in-house gym, B12 shots, teeth cleanings, biometric screenings and much more!
Growth opportunities. DriveTime takes a lot of pride in promoting from within. We have spent the last 25 years growing our team members and taking them on the path to owning their careers!
