Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

Information and Cyber Security group within Wells Fargo is seeking a Cyber Research Scientist / application pentester to support application security for Wells Fargo. One of the control in the Application Security Program is to perform Dynamic Application Security Testing as part of the Software Development Lifecycle. In this role, you will work with software development partners to identify and mitigate the security vulnerabilities in the applications identified through DAST in test environments. Communication with the business security team, enterprise security group, and development technology partners is critical in this role. You will also act as an application security SME for the development and security communities within Wells Fargo.
The Cyber Research scientist will:
Conduct penetration testing / dynamic application security testing using both manual and automated testing tools.
Build attack model
Ensure that automated tests are completed successfully
Configure tools as required to be successful in evaluating applications
Validate all defects identified through testing
Triage & Disposition results and enforce a Bug Bar
Verify/validate defect fixes
Provide application security consulting SME support to developers
Assist developers with understanding of security defects and risk
Assist in defining acceptable solution to fix defects
Clearly document and Communicate Security risk to the business
Help maintain Security Coding Standards and Bug Bar as required
Assist in the Development of standards as required
Provide training and mentorship for other testers
Stay up to speed on 3rd party (inside and outside Wells Fargo) known security vulnerabilities
Develop and review malicious use cases/threat models
Maintain a broad understanding of security technologies and products
Actively participate on improving the security culture and education throughout the organization
Required Qualifications
5+ years of information security experience in converged testing (red teaming)
1+ year of experience in network, social, and physical domains
5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: creating proof of concepts, creating exploits, or reverse engineering
5+ years of DAST (Dynamic Application Security Testing) experience
3 + years of security architecture and artifact development experience
Desired Qualifications
Expert Information Security technical skills
Proficient in working with systems, networks, and application vulnerability testing
Ability to manage complex security scenarios and develop innovative solutions to address the most recent cyber threats
Experience working in a large enterprise environment
Ability to manage multiple and competing priorities
Ability to take on a high level of responsibility, initiative, and accountability
Ability to work with limited supervision
Good attention to detail and accuracy skills
Knowledge and understanding of banking or financial services industry
Knowledge and understanding of information security industry standards and government regulations
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Strong collaboration and partnering skills
Street Address

NC-Winston Salem: 809 W 4 1/2 St - Winston Salem, NC
AZ-Tempe: 1305 W 23rd St - Tempe, AZ
MN-Minneapolis: 255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN
CA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA
IA-West Des Moines: 800 S Jordan Creek Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA
NC-Raleigh: 1100 Corporate Center Dr - Raleigh, NC
MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO
MA-Boston: 125 High Street - Boston, MA
TX-Plano: 4975 Preston Park Blvd - Plano, TX
TX-Irving: 2975 Regent Blvd - Irving, TX
IL-Chicago: 10 S Wacker Drive - Chicago, IL

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
