Job Title Senior Data Engineer Location Chandler-AZ Job Description, Must-Have middot Experience working(or willing to work) with distributed teams in different time zones and offshore teams middot Experience with streaming architecture for the consumption of CDC data middot Strong SQL skills middot Experience with programming in languages like Java, Python, and scripting tools like Bash, KSHExperience building microservices using spring boot, and other springJ2EE frameworks. Good understanding of SOA and REST architectures middot 5+ years of experience in software development and delivery. middot 2 to 3 years of relevant work experience on large scale Data applications middot Good aptitude, strong problem-solving abilities, and analytical skills, ability to take ownership as appropriate middot I should be able to do coding, debugging, performance tuning, and deploying apps to a Production environment. middot Should have good working experience in the bellow technologies and languages. middot Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Hive, Yarn, File formats like AvroParquet) middot Kafka middot Spark Streaming middot Python middot Design Patterns in software architecture middot Experience working in Agile Methodology middot Ability to learn and help the team learn new technologies quickly middot Take up the complete planningdesignimplementationUATdelivery of the project middot Excellent communication and coordination skills middot Knowledgeable (and preferred hands-on) middot UNIX environments, different continuous integration tools middot Must be able to integrate quickly into the team and work independently towards team goals middot Role Responsibilities middot Take the complete responsibility of the project execution middot Be accountable for the delivery of the project in the defined timelines with good quality. middot Define and follow the processes for project execution and delivery. middot Drive and motivate the team to be agile and follow agile methodology middot Guide the team technically and give the team a direction on how to plan, design, implement, and deliver the projects. middot Define the architecture and discuss the pros-cons of the same with the team middot Involve the team during the brainstorming sessions as appropriate. middot Work with other team leads to get the architecture reviewed. middot Keep all the stakeholders updated about the project statusrisksissues if there are any. middot Work closely with the management wherever and whenever required, to ensure smooth execution and delivery of the project. middot Education BEB.Tech from a reputed institute. Contact, Nathaniel jayakumar Recruiter ICST The castle (lower level), Brick hill Ave, Suite C South Portland, ME 04106 Phone 207-221-2634 email njayakumari-cst.com Web www.i-cst.com
