We at Clairvoyant (www.clairvoyantsoft.com httpwww.clairvoyantsoft.com ), provide the best-in-class solutions and services that leverage big data and continually exceed client expectations. For over 6 years, the worldrsquos most prestigious companies have turned to us to help build innovative products and solutions using big data, analytics, and the cloud. We are pleased to announce that Clairvoyant LLC ranks 3rd among the top IT consultants in Phoenix!! httpsclutch.coit-servicesphoenix httpsclutch.coit-servicesphoenix . Our expertise in the industry allows us to match major companies with top talent, and I have a role that could be a great match for you! Must-Have Experience working(or willing to work) with distributed teams in different time zones and offshore teams Experience with streaming architecture for the consumption of CDC data Strong SQL skills Experience with programming in languages like Java, Python, and scripting tools like Bash, KSHExperience building microservices using spring boot, and other springJ2EE frameworks. Good understanding of SOA and REST architectures 5+ years of experience in software development and delivery. 2 to 3 years of relevant work experience on large scale Data applications Good aptitude, strong problem-solving abilities, and analytical skills, ability to take ownership as appropriate I should be able to do coding, debugging, performance tuning, and deploying apps to a Production environment. Should have good working experience in the bellow technologies and languages. Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Hive, Yarn, File formats like AvroParquet) Kafka Spark Streaming Python Design Patterns in software architecture Experience working in Agile Methodology Ability to learn and help the team learn new technologies quickly Take up the complete planningdesignimplementationUATdelivery of the project Excellent communication and coordination skills Knowledgeable (and preferred hands-on) UNIX environments, different continuous integration tools Must be able to integrate quickly into the team and work independently towards team goals Role Responsibilities Take the complete responsibility of the project execution Be accountable for the delivery of the project in the defined timelines with good quality. Define and follow the processes for project execution and delivery. Drive and motivate the team to be agile and follow agile methodology Guide the team technically and give the team a direction on how to plan, design, implement, and deliver the projects. Define the architecture and discuss the pros-cons of the same with the team Involve the team during the brainstorming sessions as appropriate. Work with other team leads to get the architecture reviewed. Keep all the stakeholders updated about the project statusrisksissues if there are any. Work closely with the management wherever and whenever required, to ensure smooth execution and delivery of the project. Education BEB.Tech from a reputed institute.
