We're looking for game changers. People who love what they do and who they do it for. Providing consulting services in operational support, intelligence collection, reporting, and data governance, R2C is a leader in delivering solutions for high priority national security concerns. Are you ready for a change?


R2C is seeking a Senior Data Engineer who will manipulate data and data flows for both existing and new systems. In this role you will provide support in the areas of data extraction, transformation and load (ETL), data mapping, data extraction, analytical support, operational support, database support, and maintenance support of data and associated systems. As a member of the team, you will work in a multi-tasking, quick-paced, dynamic, process-improvement environment that requires experience with the principles of large-scale (terabytes) database development, large-scale file manipulation, data modeling, data mapping, data testing, data quality, and documentation preparation.
We welcome the most challenging problems facing our national security and apply intellect, talent, and innovation to reach feasible and valuable solutions to each challenge. That means we expect our employees to bring their “A game,” and you have the right to expect the same from the company that employs you. We want to hear your ideas. We want to hear your concerns. We want to make sure you have what you need to do the best you can on the job and grow in your career with us over time. Almost all companies say they have a culture of inclusiveness and that they value employee input, but R2C puts that statement to work every day. It’s time for a change. Come and experience a company that actually cares.

TOP SECRET/SCI with Polygraph
Build and maintain data flows in NiFi or Pentaho
Research, design, develop, and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software
Develop complex data flows, or make significant enhancements to existing pipelines
Resolve complex hardware/software compatibility and interface design considerations
Conduct investigations and tests of considerable complexity
Research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution
Provide input to staff involved in writing and updating technical documentation
Troubleshoot complex problems and provide customer support for the ETL process
Advise hardware engineers on machine characteristics that affect software systems, such as storage capacity, processing speed, and input/output requirements
Prepare reports on analyses, findings, and project progress
Provide guidance and work leadership to less-experienced software engineers

Knowledge of servers operating systems; Windows, Linux, Distributed Computing, Blade Centers, and cloud infrastructure
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to comprehend database methodologies
Focus on continual process improvement with a proactive approach to problem solving
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or similar discipline
Two (2) additional years of related application/software programming experience in lieu of a Bachelor's degree
10+ years' programming and software development experience
An active Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph clearance
Experience with any of the following languages: Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, XML, XQuery, XPath, Ruby on Rails, HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, Shell Scripting
The Reports and Requirements Company, LLC (R2C) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Buchanan & Edwards, and provides consulting services in operational support, intelligence collection, reporting, and data governance. Located in Arlington, VA, R2C offers expertise on a variety of national security topics, with specific focus on operational support, technical operations, policies and management of large volumes of data, analysis of large amounts of data, & effective approaches to evaluating and sharing data, and innovative techniques for information collection. Our consultants develop and deliver training programs on subjects including cyber intelligence, data governance and information sharing protocols, intelligence collection, and reporting techniques. R2C has a mission first culture and boasts the benefits & perks of a small company with the resources, stability, and career mobility of a large corporation. R2C is dedicated to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity and inclusion. We are committed to crafting a workplace that endorses creativity and innovation, and promotes engagement through open communication, acceptance of new people and ideas, and a supportive team dynamic. R2C is an equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities / Women / Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
#CJ
