Net2Source is a Global Workforce Solutions Company headquartered at NJ, USA with its branch offices in Asia Pacific Region. We are one of the fastest growing IT Consulting company across the USA and we are hiring " Sr. Data Engineer " for our client. We offer a wide gamut of consulting solutions customized to our 450+ clients ranging from Fortune 5001000 to Start-ups across various verticals like Technology, Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Oil Gas, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Utilities, Technology, Manufacturing, the Internet, and Engineering. Sr. Data Engineer with Strong Python Chandler, AZ ,San Francisco , CA and New Jersey Contract Position Python, SQL Developer ,T-SQL,SSIS middot 5+ yearsrsquo experience on programming knowledge on python and building the ETL data pipelines and data integrations. middot Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with rotational and data warehouse databases. middot Very good knowledge and understand the business requirements and user stories to create design document. middot 5 years very strong experience in T-SQL, stored procedures query performance tuning. middot 1+ years e experience in SSIS on SQL server 2104 and 2017 and SQL Server 2017 is must. middot Understanding the existing architecture SQL and SSIS based and to build the new architecture using python and building the ETL data pipelines which is independently or self-service data platform to support all the systems and when ever need anything to add new custom features can be supportable in the new architecture. middot Must have to take ownership end to end development and drive the whole project independently. middot Must have very strong knowledge on data analyzing and need strong analytic skills. middot Must have hard core development experience, developed pipeline using python in previous projects. middot Banking domain is big plus and have very good commination skills and attitude. About Net2Source, Inc. Net2Source is an employer-of-choice for over 2200+ consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 40 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S. We are one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. and this may be your opportunity to join us! Want to read more about Net2Source?, Visit us at www.net2source.com httpwww.net2source.com Equal Employment Opportunity Commission The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Net2Source Inc. is one of the fastest growing Global Workforce Solutions company with a growth of 100 YoY for last consecutive 3 years with over 2200+ employees globally and 30 locations in US and operations in 20 countries. With an experience of over a decade we offer unmatched workforce solutions to our clients by developing an in-depth understanding of their business needs. We specialize in Contingent hiring, Direct Hires, Statement of Work, Payroll Management, IC Compliance, VMS, RPO and Managed IT Services. Fast Facts about Net2Source Inception in 2007, privately held, Debt free 2200+ employees globally 375+ In- house Team of Sales, Account Management and Recruitment with coast to coast COE. 30 offices in US and 50+ Offices globally Operations in 20 countries (US, Canada, Mexico, APAC, UK, UAE, Europe, , Europe, Latin America, Japan, Australia) Awards and Accolades 2018 ndash Fastest Growing IT Staffing Firm in North America by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 ndash Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America as a 5 times consecutive honoree ndash Inc. 5000 2018 ndash Fastest 50 by NJBiz 2018 ndash Techserve Excellence Award (IT and Engineering Staffing) 2018 ndash Best of the Best Platinum Award by Agile1 2018 ndash 40 Under 40 Award Winner by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 ndash CEO World Gold Award by SVUS 2017 ndash Best of the Best Gold Award by Agile1 Regards James Mccroft Technical Recruiter Net2SourceInc. Tel 201-340-8700 Ext. 427 Direct 201-676-3194 E-mail jamesmnet2source.com mailtojamesmnet2source.com Web www.net2source.com httpwww.net2source.com
