Business Unit:

We are looking to hire a data scientist to join our analytics team within CTS/TPX. Our team is responsible for providing analytical support to help improve our customers' experience and products performance by identifying key trends, building new KPIs and telling stories with data. We work cross-functionally and closely with program, product and engineering teams.

The ideal candidate will be passionate about data-driven decision making, able to perform analyses on large unstructured and structured data sets and quickly grasp new technologies. The ideal candidate must be comfortable working in a dynamic team and addressing large audiences. The data scientist will be responsible for supporting our current efforts related to exploratory and predictive analytics, machine learning, and A/B testing methodologies. They will be applying data mining and modeling techniques, statistical analysis, and building high quality dashboards and presentations to provide insights to the executive leadership team. They will provide input into strategy, analysis methods, and tool selection.

Core responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Uses analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, extracting impactful insights using sophisticated statistical techniques such as data analysis, data mining, optimization tools, and machine learning techniques and statistics (
Develops and executes statistical and mathematical solutions to business problems to support larger initiatives under the direction of senior team members.
Produce analysis of historical patterns in customer behaviors and product performance from complex real-world behavioral data.
Develop and deploy predictive models based on historical data that provide future predictions about customer behavior.
Constructs forecasts, recommendations and strategic/tactical plans based on applying data science techniques to business data.
Build results and presentations that report methodology and results of analysis.
Build customer centric models and optimization tools to support large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured & unstructured data, set top box data, and media/behavioral/attitudinal data.
Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Employees at all levels are expect to:
Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job
Lead the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them flawless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services
Know your stuff - be hardworking learners, users and advocates of our groundbreaking technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences
Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new insights
Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers
Get results and growth
Respect and promote inclusion and diversity
Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities
We prefer candidates with the following background and skills:
At least a Bachelor's degree in analytical field (Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering)
2 to 5 years of proven experience working as a BI/data analyst/Data scientist or similar role
Scripting and Programming skills (Spark SCALA, Python, PySpark, R)
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Quicksight, Qlick
Experience with Predictive Modeling and Machine Learning
Experience working with relational databases, SQL
Exposure to big data tools and cloud technologies such as AWS
Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems
Strong written and verbal communication
Positive and upbeat demeanor
Ability to work in a constantly evolving and fast paced environment
Proactive, highly organized, and able to prioritize and run multiple tasks
Ability to establish and maintain strong working relationships and achieve results by working collaboratively with others
Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
