Founded by Josh Harris and David Blitzer, Harris Blitzer Sports & Entertainment (HBSE) includes in its portfolio the Philadelphia 76ers, the New Jersey Devils, leading venue Prudential Center in Newark, N.J., the GRAMMY Museum Experience Prudential Center, the Delaware Blue Coats, the Binghamton Devils, the Sixers Innovation Lab Crafted by Kimball, and renowned esports franchise Dignitas. Led by some of the best and brightest minds across a diverse spectrum of industries, HBSE positions itself as one of the most pioneering, innovative global sports and entertainment businesses to date. HBSE also strives to positively impact the local communities in which it operates through the powerful platform of sports.
HBSE offers an energetic work environment built on collaboration, growth, and a quest to excel in everything we do. Prudential Center in downtown Newark, N.J. hosts more than 175 concerts, family shows and special events annually and is the fourth-ranked sports and entertainment venue in the U.S. by Pollstar and Billboard. It is home to the New Jersey Devils, a renowned NHL franchise with three Stanley Cup championships and a proud, passionate fan base. Prudential Center is also home to the brand-new GRAMMY Museum Experience, the first and only of its kind on the east coast.

The Philadelphia 76ers organization is one of the most storied franchises in American sports, led by some of the best and brightest minds across a diverse spectrum of industries, HBSE positions itself as one of the most pioneering, innovative global sports and entertainment businesses to date. The 76ers have attracted the industrys top leadership talent from the NBA, NFL, NHL, MLB, MLS, UFC and NCAA, resulting in one of the most exciting, rewarding, and dynamic work environments within the sports industry. The 76ers offer a best-in-class workplace culture built on collaboration, growth, and a quest to excel in everything we do.
Philadelphia 76ers L.P. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE).
Position Summary: The Sport and Data Scientist will work in the Philadelphia 76ers Performance Department. A successful applicant will have a strong technical foundation and be passionate about better understanding the game of basketball.

Responsibilities include, but not limited to:
Lead the exploitation of the player-tracking dataset, converting 2-Dimensions and 3-Dimensions raw data into physical, technical and tactical basketball concepts and insights
Develop models to accurately evaluate and forecast player and team performance
Identify opportunities to apply data-driven research on multiple areas to influence other departments of the organization, in particular sports science.
Contribute to the development of basketball thought and workflow optimization of the department and the organization as a whole.
QUALIFICATIONS (educational, experience and basic knowledge requirements):
Bachelors degree or higher in technical discipline (sport science, data science, computer science, statistics, biostatistics, etc.)
Masters Degree (applied mathematics, statistical analysis, statistical science, data science, biostatistics, etc.) preferred
PhD Degree preferred
3+ years of experience in a research or applied oriented position
Training in and/or experience with data engineering, ETL processes and database architecture (RStudio, Python, SQL, and the like) as well as with Data Visualization programs
Training in and/or experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques (e.g. regression models, decision trees, neural networks, and clustering methods) and other modeling techniques
Demonstrated passion for basketball and familiarity with basketball rules and terminology
Be a critical thinker, eager to both give and receive feedback
Have a growth mentality, eager to learn and develop within our team
Be team-oriented, focused on team results not individual accomplishment
Embrace a dynamic, changing, diversified workload
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
]]>
