Black Knight is the premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Black Knight offers leading software systems data and analytics offerings and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle. Black Knight's Innovation Lab, HeavyWater, is team of 15+ developers and product enthusiasts engineering a next generation Artificially Intelligent Virtual Assistant known as AIVA. AIVA works alongside operators, loan officers and lenders to make their jobs more efficient. Each quarter, she reads millions of documents and then summarizes significant data points for her colleagues to review. Although she's early in her career, she already has cut down certain manual tasks from 30 minutes to just 8 minutes! Our team employs leading-edge cloud computing technology and leverage Amazon Web Services to build AIVA's infrastructure. Her make-up is well beyond mainstream workflow automationRPA. We're continuously training AIVA's lexicon to give her context what she's studying. We tinker with algorithms and build deep learning networks to fortify her skill sets as she reads through bank statements, pay stubs, W2s and more. Most importantly, we capitalize on HUGE data sets from our enterprise clients (yes...that's right we have access to the data), so we can optimize our feature selection at scale. Note--this was all made possible because we're now a subsidiary of Black Knight. There is room for a range of skills. Some you already have and some you will quickly gain when you are here Agile (Scaled Agile Framework) Machine Learning (Natural Language Processing, Vision, Classification, Search) DevOps (Infrastructure as Code, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery) Behavioral Driven Development Design and Architecture Cloud (AWS) Languages (Java, AngularJS, Python) JOB FAMILY DESCRIPTION Responsible for analyzing data to gain insights to benefit the enterprise. Uses large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and uses models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Responsible for using a variety of data miningdata analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, usingcreating algorithms and creatingrunning simulations. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Drives business results with data-based insights and discovers solutions hidden in large data sets improve business outcomes. GENERAL DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mines and analyzes data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develops custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Uses predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develops a testing framework and test model quality. Coordinates with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develops processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Performs other related duties as required. EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Finance or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. Master's degree or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field is strongly preferred. GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS ABILITIES Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques Experience using statistical computer languages (Pig, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications strongly preferred. Experience working with and creating data architectures strongly preferred. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantagesdrawbacks a plus. Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. a plus. Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development preferred. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams Coding knowledge and experience with several languages C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. a plus. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers such as Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, etc. a plus. Experience with distributed datacomputing tools such as MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MySQL, etc a plus. Experience visualizingpresenting data for stakeholders using tools such as Periscope, Business Objects, D3, etc. a plus. Intermediate professional level role. Works with financial models of increasing complexity using advanced mathematical, analytical or econometric tools. Defines and discerns key aspects of problems that require intricate analysis and research, and develops complex solutions within a broad technical and business context. Works on small to large, complex projects that require increased skill in multiple technical environments. Works on multiple projects as a project team member or sometimes as a project lead. May coach more junior technical staff. Typically requires five (5) or more years of related work experience in developing mathematical formulas, algorithms and computer programs to create complex models of market trends and risks. Black Knight is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, and protected veteran or military family status. Our employees' diversity is our strength, and when we embrace our differences, it makes us better and brighter. Black Knight's commitment to inclusion is at the core of who we are, and motivates us in how we do business each and every day.
