Janssen Pharmaceutical, a member of Johnson & Johnson's
Family of Companies, is recruiting for a Principal Scientist. The position will
be located in Spring House, PA.

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson &
Johnson, what matters most is helping people live full and healthy lives. We
focus on treating, curing and preventing some of the most devastating and
complex diseases of our time. And we pursue the most promising science,
wherever it might be found.

We are Janssen. Our mission drives us. Our
patients inspire us. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone
in it.

The primary responsibility for this individual will be to lead a team of
in vivo biologists that support the delivery of high quality clinical
candidates. The Principal Scientist will be a part of a broader team focused on
adaptive immune mechanisms in Immunology Discovery. This individual will
provide scientific leadership for in vivo pharmacology within the Rheumatology
Discovery teamguiding the preclinical in vivo strategy for the discovery of
novel therapeutics to treat autoimmune diseases.

People management
including coaching, mentoring and managing people for performance and
scientific growth is a key aspect of this position. Additional responsibilities
include but are not limited to:

+ Provide guidance to
project working teams regarding appropriate models to guide an understanding of
pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic relationships, modeling of dose projections
for novel therapeutics

+ Work
independently, manage and mentor scientists doing cutting edge research, design
experiments, interpret data, troubleshoot and suggest next steps,
detail-oriented with strong organizational skills

+ Collaboratively work in a matrix environment,
present ideas, both verbally and in writing to diverse audiences including
scientific colleagues and senior leadership

+ Drive collaborations, internally and
externally, with scientists from different disciplines to drive value

+ Work in a collaborative environment where ideas can be respectfully challenged to drive excellence and innovation

Qualifications

Qualifications:

+ PhD in Immunology, Pharmacology,
or Virology with at least 5-7 years of pharmaceutical industry experience with
progressively advanced responsibilities is required; Post-doctoral training is
preferred. Experience with models of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases is
preferred.

+ Demonstrated success as
an in vivo pharmacologist/scientist, with a proven track record of good
experimental design, in-depth data analysis and interpretation on strong
scientific rationale and understanding of pharmacological concepts (efficacy,
PK/PD relationships).

+ Experience
with ancillary in vitro and ex vivo assays to characterize effects of
experimental medicines (multi-color flow cytometry, T cell/B cell
cultures, cytokine/inflammatory mediator assessment (ELISA, MSD, WB etc) is
required.

+ Previous supervisory
experience of PhD level and non-PhD-level scientists is required

+ Experience leading/
advancing drug discovery programs in immune-mediated diseases is required, with
previous experience in autoimmune diseases strongly preferred

+ Strong written and oral communication skills to diverse
audiences including scientific colleagues and leadership, and an ability to
provide fit-for-purpose communication in the context of a multidisciplinary
team are required.

+ Position located in Spring House, PA and may require up to
10% travel.

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and
Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration
for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status
and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

IMPACTIMM

Primary Location

United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House-

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

7312191010
