Global Reporting and Analytics Consultant


Do you believe businesses should have a bigger ambition than short term profit? If you do, join DLL’s mission to ‘get the right tools into the right hands. You’ll be part of a team that understands the heart and soul of our partners’ business. A team that provides original financial solutions to sustain success for generations.

Are you an enthusiastic Reporting Professional who has a systematic and creative approach to unlock the value of data? Can you help to elevate DLL to the next level of Reporting, by improving the Global Reporting Platform? Do you have the oversight to support stakeholders along the data chain from data collection to data storage, to ultimately data usage? Are you able to translate newest Reporting technologies into concrete business value proposals?

Fulfil the role as Global Reporting and Analytics Consultant in the Global Data Management & Reporting organization. Co-transform the Global Reporting Team, that translates data into valuable information and advice.

You will be a primary contact for the day-to-day reporting tasks. You work with data in BI Factory and the Global Reporting Datamart on the Azure cloud platform. This is the source for trusted and verified global reporting and fed from all front and back office systems. You will drive the development of our next generation reporting and dashboards that support all functional domains. You actively manage business and corporate stakeholders in addressing questions and reporting needs.

You are expected to provide education and training to the 1000+ users globally on the various reporting resources and dashboards available to them. There will be (far) more – this is a very dynamic environment where demands constantly develop and change.

You are
Embracing Change
Eager to achieve results
Have a Structured Mindset
A Relationship builder
A Leader in Business Intelligence
Analytical and Data Minded

Day to day:


Understand the business processes and translate business wishes into user-friendly reports or dashboards, with the right trade-offs between functional desire and technical possibilities.
Take a pro-active role in the development of our self-service environment
You can oversee the whole chain from source to information product
You can oversee DLL’s organizational structure and the entire value chain and understand the key needs and challenges of each part of it.
You are able to advise on improvements on the existing data and information platform and can support the customers in their self-service environment.
You are constantly looking for simplification and innovation and are taking opportunities to broaden your knowledge
Liaise functionally with subject matter experts in DLL’s network to continuously validate and improve reporting capabilities.

Essentials:


Demonstrated experience in a Reporting and/or Analytical role
Demonstrated ability to connect and translate data from multiple sources into meaningful insights for a non-data focused audience and able to explain such insights in the “customer language”.
Ability to manage multiple concurrent tasks at the same time where priorities change all the time and drive initiatives in a cross functional environment
Strong ability to work independent, highly motivated, seeking and finding new insights
Experience in working with IT and bridging the gap from business needs to functional solutions
Reporting and visualisation skills with Power BI, QLIK, Azure Power platform, VBA, SQL or equivalent
Familiar with a multi-cultural and international environment
Excellent business English (both spoken and written)
Excellent communication and consulting skills

You can expect


A program team of approximately 45 enthusiastic people (Data Management & Reporting and BI IT) working on multiple projects to realize the Data Management & Reporting strategy for DLL. The Data Management Department resides within Group Finance & Control. It has a direct reporting line to the CFO and operates as a liaison between all departments involved in the various projects. Data is key to our commercial success and contributes to areas such as business development and our portfolio management capabilities – data counts! The 2020 activities will be a next important step in the Data Management journey of DLL, in which the Data Management Cloud transition will continue. Further alignment with other strategic initiatives will be established. The focus will gradually shift towards Data Consuming activities instead of Data Sourcing activities.

This function is based in Eindhoven and is a position in which you are able to actively contribute in creating the future of Data Management for DLL.

All members enjoy
Two working days per year volunteering for a local charity
Health and Wellness program including healthy food, fresh Coffee Plaza, free health checks, fun health & vitality activities
Flexible hours with possibility to work from home (within job scope)
Career development opportunities: online learning, member development programs
Company pension scheme and attractive collective insurance package
Employee Benefits Budget for commuting costs, extra hours of leave, pension savings, etc.

Good to know:


Deadline for applications: Sunday the 19thof July
Reporting to Head of Global Reporting & Analytics AMR and Insurance
The selection process may involve an assessment
Applications via email will not be reviewed. Please apply online via our career website
DLL’s referral program applies
For more information, you can contact Nico Molenschot, Talent Acquisition Partner, via nico.molenschot@dllgroup.com
Almost all members of DLL in NL are required to take the Bankers Oath. Banks in the Netherlands find it important that everyone working in the Dutch banking environment fulfills their role with integrity and care. The Banker’s Oathis our promise that we will do so with our customers, the society and to each other.

Screening is part of the application procedureand DLL screens all interns and new employees according to the “DLL Global Screening Policy” in order to ascertain whether the applicant may hold a position at DLL.
