Penn Interactive Ventures (PIV) is a real-money interactive gaming company headquartered in Philadelphia. As the digital arm to Penn National Gaming (NASDAQ: PENN), the largest regional casino operator in the U.S., we are poised for fast-paced growth in the sports betting and online casino space and are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our expanding Sportsbook team!
The Senior Data Scientist to work in the data science team as we build a best-in-class online/mobile sportsbook. The data science team is a relatively small team and you will have been a huge part in helping lead the charge towards having a data-driven engineering team. You should be excited by the possibility of utilizing the data we collect from our 42-retail casino and racetrack locations and be able to develop some hypotheses to test to improve our business. We need someone who will walk through the door on day one with a clear idea of the theories they want to test, some thoughts on the potential models already in mind, and the self-motivation to jump in and get started building them. This role will be responsible for improving the data products already built but will also be responsible for spearheading new models and measurements.

Identify and specify data needs and quality requirements to support modeling
Research, design and implement descriptive, predictive, and inferential models using statistical and machine learning techniques.
Apply modern machine learning techniques to optimization and quality problems in gaming processes
Prototype and implement data products to create unique experiences for our users
Evaluate, document, and communicate research processes, analyses, and results to peers, and leadership

Curiosity and ability to convert complex problems into concrete requirements and build innovative solutions
University degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, or similar field
Experience working in a software engineering team
4+ years professional experience as a Data Scientist
Proficiency in Python and preferably also R
Proficiency in SQL
Experience in deploying data products in an enterprise environment
Ability to communicate clearly and efficiently with technical and non-technical stakeholders
BONUS POINTS
You have a PhD in Data Science, Statistics, or a statistics-heavy discipline
Experience in building recommender systems
Experience in sequence-to-sequence modeling, especially as applied to time-series data or Natural Language Understanding applications
Experience with, or knowledge in, Bayesian methods
You bring a passion for sports or betting
You have experience with mobile/web games, entertainment apps and/or the gaming industry

Penn Interactive is committed to helping our team members live their best, healthy life. We offer unique and competitive benefits that help our employees, through a private exchange which allows our team members the ability to choose from several coverage levels and insurance carriers (both local and national carriers). Along with medical, prescription, dental, and vision coverage, there are also voluntary plans available to employees. PIV also offers our employees office perks such as free catered lunches, snacks, and beverages in the office.
