This agricultural focused client is looking to provide solutions that are designed to give farmers and customers novel insights on how to protect their crops against a range of pest pressures. There solutions allow growers to make faster, better and more informed decisions than ever before. As the only global agricultural sciences company focused exclusively on crop protection, the client is uniquely positioned to deliver best-in-class agronomic advice.

The agriculture team is building a portfolio of new applications and services. You will be part of a team that is adopting the mindset, agility and processes of a technology company while drawing on their 100+ years of experience in agriculture.

This role is located at the client’s corporate headquarters in Philadelphia, PA.

Responsibilities:

● Drive and execute the vision for data science strategy supporting a wide spectrum of
analytics needs ranging from building advanced analytics models, algorithms through
rapid prototyping in digital agriculture space.
● Demonstrate and communicate a passion for owning and building sustainable data
science foundation that helps drive advanced analytics use cases, fuels innovation and
unlocks new opportunities
● Lead and participate in discussions to make the right scientific or technical trade-offs to
meet long-term strategic and short-term tactical business needs
● Collaborate and nurture cross-functional relationships with data scientists, data
engineers, application developers and business stakeholders to understand data needs
and build reliable solutions
● Mentor and grow a team of data scientists and help accelerate data driven culture

Qualifications:

● MS/Ph.D. in computer science, machine learning, statistics, applied mathematics,
Physics, agronomy/climatology or other scientific or computational disciplines
● 6+ years of experience building advanced analytics models across one or more areas of Predictive/Prescriptive Analytics, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision and Image Processing
● Applied experience of various machine learning techniques (e.g. Neural Networks, Tree
based learning, Clustering etc.)
● Hands on experience working on large data sets with expertise in data mining, predictive
modeling, statistical analysis
● Experience with distributed systems such as Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark etc. and
modeling on cloud platforms (AWS/Azure/GCP)
● Fluency with at least one of the modern distributed ML frameworks such as TensorFlow,
PyTorch, Keras, H2O etc.
● Demonstrated expertise in SQL and one or more languages commonly used in data
analytics (Python, R, Java, Scala etc.). Python/R/Scala proficiency is strongly preferred
● Experience with packages such as NumPy, SciPy, pandas, scikit-learn, dplyr etc.
● Passionate about data driven story telling using visualization tools like Tableau,
Power BI, Looker etc.
● Demonstrated experience building and deploying production ready machine learning
models
● Comfortable with multi-tasking in a fast paced and fun environment

Preferred Qualifications:

● Hands on experience working with large data sets (Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Redshift, etc.)
● Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data
● Additional experience in one or more core analytic methods such as predictive modeling,
customer segmentation/clustering, voice of customer applications, personalization,
image recognition, supply chain optimization etc.
● Good understanding of data privacy, GDPR and best practices around data encryption
● Working knowledge of DevOps model, automated workflows, associated CI/CD
components and containers (git, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes etc.)
● Well-versed in articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data
● Project management experience managing vendors and system integrators to lead data
engagements and drive adoption
