Human Factors Scientist
ID

4233

Location


Philadelphia, PA

Practice/Center


Human Factors

Apply Now

Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm that brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve the most pressing and complicated challenges facing stakeholders today. Our vision is to engage the brightest scientists and engineers to empower clients with solutions for a safe, healthy, sustainable and technologically complex world. We leverage over 50 years of experience in analyzing accidents and failures to advise clients as they innovate their technologically complex products and processes, ensure the safety and health of their users, and address the challenges of sustainability.

We offer opportunities for you to expand your engineering or scientific knowledge amidst experts from top programs at over 500 universities. At Exponent, you will apply your experience, technical skills, and prior academic research to a fulfilling career in consulting. You will have the opportunity to develop continuously through formal and informal development programs, coaching and mentoring, and involvement in a wide array of projects. We are excited about your interest in joining our growing team!

Key statistics:
1100+ Team members
900+ Consultants
550+ Ph.D.’s
30+ Offices globally
We are currently seeking a Scientist for our Human Factors Practice in Philadelphia, PA. In this role you will work as part of a team to analyze human performance related to a wide variety of scenarios involving automobiles, occupational work, and consumer products.

You will be responsible for:
Managing a range of consulting activities that involve human factors in accidents and their prevention, including limitations of human perceptual, cognitive, and response capabilities
Developing client contacts
Working on multi-disciplinary projects, providing case management, data processing, and other project support
Conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards
Participating in the design and evaluation of warnings and safety information
You will have the following skills and qualifications:
Ph.D. in Neuroscience, Developmental, Experimental, Industrial or Cognitive Psychology or Industrial Engineering (emphasis on Human Factors)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as strong interpersonal skills
Proficient with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Assertive, self-starter, and able to work with accuracy under pressure and/or deadlines
Proficiency in computer programming (specifically Matlab) is a plus
To learn more about life at Exponent, check out our Graduate Students page at www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students!

We value and encourage diversity and inclusivity across all facets of our firm. Having a team built of people with different backgrounds, skills and perspectives allows us to provide better value to our clients and enjoy an enriched work environment.

Our firm is committed to offering a variety of programs and resources to support health and well-being. We believe that providing competitive benefits as well as compensation and recognition programs empowers our staff to do work that makes a difference.

Exponent is a proud equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.

If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may call us at +1 (650) 688-6968 or email hr@exponent.com
