Nearly one in two households in the U.S. struggles to handle an unexpected expense of $400 or more. When it comes to managing household expenses, things like a broken appliance or a growing family can be financially burdensome. We're a collaborative team of creative problem-solvers on a mission to make life's purchases more accessible and affordable. Located in the heart of vibrant Philadelphia, we're building a FinTech-enabled e-commerce marketplace that combines quality brands with sensible financing to improve the lives of our neighbors and communities.

Position Overview

We are looking for engineers to help build our machine learning platform in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. As a member of the Engineering Team, you will design, implement, and ship new ML solutions at scale that will be used by data scientists and engineers within our Product Team. Applicants should be highly motivated and comfortable with taking on and adapting to a diverse array of subject matter. This opportunity is both unique and pivotal, as it provides the chance to join a rapidly-growing team that delivers software products that are experienced by millions of people.

Initial Responsibilities
Utilize deep technical knowledge of machine learning, recommendation systems, data engineering, and software engineering principles to build machine learning solutions and workflows
A passion for making these methods scalable, reproducible and easy-to-use
Providing guidance on transitioning prototypes and experiments to performant, production models
Leading architectural decisions and tool selection in order to deliver platform features
Contributing to our team's commitment to testable, readable, and well-organized code
Clearly communicate trade-offs between schedule, resources, model performance etc.
Work on projects of growing responsibility, both individually and as part of a team, to build experience and skills at a pace matched to your shown ability
Learn more about the industry and Perpay, establishing a solid foundation to be better positioned for long-term career success
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field (Computer Science, Engineering)
Creative, collaborative, and product focused
Minimum 2+ years work experience in related field required
Strong working knowledge of SQL/NoSQL, relational databases and Python is required (2+ years experience)
Industry experience in algorithm design and implementation, codebase management and code generalization
Experience delivering complex engineered features for real-time prediction systems
What We Offer:
Competitive salary + equity
Health/dental/vision insurance fully covered
401K + company match
Gym + public transportation subsidy
Relocation assistance
Centrally located in downtown Philadelphia in a beautiful loft-style office with an espresso machine and office pup (Kingsli)
We don't work with external recruiting agencies, please contact us or apply directly!
