Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

The Sr Data Science, Database Marketing Analyst is responsible for supporting Business Financing Solutions Database Marketing efforts through the management and optimization of our prospect data base. The individual in this role will be responsible for end to end data sourcing and quality, and optimization of the lead selection process. The incumbent will leverage advance data mining skills and predictive analytics to improve matching algorithms and develop new targeting attributes and strategies. Additionally, this position will serve as the BFS lead on integrating the credit targeting data and platform with the global sales lead generation and CRM platforms.

Job Description:

Role:
Work with Marketing to develop innovative go to market strategies including multi-channel, contact management, and model use strategies
Work directly with channel and campaign managers to optimize direct response marketing (Direct Mail, E-Mail, Digital) and OB/IB Sales channels
Maintain campaign selection logic, generate campaign files and coordinate secure/encrypted delivery
Manage technical aspects of marketing platform with a primary focus on marketing automation.
Evaluate new technologies and data sources to improve and optimize marketing and sales team performance
Be responsible for conducting rigorous data analysis on existing and new data sources to identify growth opportunities for the Business Financing Solutions team
Partner with internal technology and data management partners and vendors to continually improve data quality, data value, and speed to market
Identify marketing performance KPI’s and monitor performance through reports / dashboards and ad hoc analysis
Present findings and recommendations to senior-level stakeholders
Job Requirements:
At least 6-8+ years of relevant work experience analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations
Direct response marketing experience is a requirement, specifically in marketing automation
Data driven mind-set, with an advanced degree in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics or Economics; Masters preferred
Proven track record of deploying advanced analytic tools and processes to drive business results
Experience across marketing, business intelligence and/or other analytical domains
Proven ability to work independently and take direction from multiple stakeholders
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Wilmington

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
