What if you could...

Use your refined analytical skills to interpret complex data to increase performance and engagement within multiple business lines, while also maintaining individual autonomy and flexibility?

Work with other Data Analysts, Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and DBAs to design, develop and execute high-impact analytics solutions for large, complex, structured and unstructured data sets (including big data) to help the business make better fact-based decisions?

Be a catalyst for change in helping to analyze business trends to understand and recommend optimization strategies which will effectively increase company service level and revenue?

Find opportunities to create new reporting methods and implement solutions which can dynamically transform company service delivery methods while improving stakeholder and end-user experience?

If you're our next Data Analyst, you would look forward to engaging in activities such as:
Utilizing business systems and tools such as BOE or BI to mine and analyze data across multiple data sources, generating business insights and identifying opportunities for improvement
Leverage quantitative skills to gather necessary data sets, formulate and conduct analyses with that data to provide teams with key insights on business analytics and business operations support
Creating analytics and KPI's to help stakeholders track their progress toward individual and group goals as they monitor their impact
Crafting robust numerical reports and visual dashboards that enhance decision making processes and create actionable outcomes
Working with data scientists to help enhance the efficacy of our analytic models
Working with a data engineer to prioritize data sets for ingestion into the data lake and partner with the Data Scientists to commercialize/operationalize AI/ML solutions
If you're our next Data Analyst, your journey up to this point will likely have included:
Advanced modeling in Excel, dashboard development and data visualization via PowerBI, and SQL ELT
Creating service analytics that enable others to identify optimization and financial improvements opportunities in key business areas
Communicating data results to others, with an emphasis on answering business questions and developing clear visual analytics that tell a compelling and insightful story, not just reading a report
Solid technical understanding of machine learning principles, big data/advanced analytics concepts and algorithms (e.g. text mining, recommender systems, predictive modeling, etc.)
Supporting customer experience teams through analytics by providing key data insights and strategic approaches to improve processes and drive business improvements
Using relevant data from industry, competitors, and customer behavior trends to effectively inform best practices that enable enterprises to make smart, data driven decisions
Proficient understanding of the development, testing, maintenance, and application of artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and visual analytics
Here is a little bit more about us:

Voice Systems Engineering, Inc. (VSE) pioneers technologies and builds brands that foster beneficial impact through direct personal connections. Our lines of business provide people with expert advice and care at the right time to help optimize positive emotional and psychological experiences.

There are some serious perks to work with us. We are headquartered in Feasterville-Trevose, Philadelphia although we are fully enabled for remote work. Our management process is built for high collaboration and innovation, we have an unlimited vacation policy, flexible work hours, an on-site gym, dog friendly, yoga and fitness classes, and a ton of social opportunities. Want to join forces?

We offer a comprehensive benefits plan including:
Medical/Prescription/Vision
Dental/Orthodontia
Company paid group life and disability insurance
Retirement Savings Plan 401(k) with company match
Tuition reimbursement
Health & Wellness reimbursement
VSE is an Equal Opportunity Employer, apply to learn more!
