Our Data Scientist is responsible for in-depth analysis of data across QVC and HSN leading to actionable insights and recommendations. This usually involves statistical and non-statistical modeling, simulations, optimization, and A/B testing.

Relevant areas include consumer behavior, customer journey, e-commerce, television, marketing, and operations. Example projects include marketing mix optimization, airtime optimization, price elasticity estimation, and direct-response marketing targeting and effectiveness measurement.

Job Description Details

What you’ll do:
Construct analytic data sets for exploration, modeling, insight generation
Conduct in-depth data analysis, data and prepare visualizations summarizing key features of the data
Develop accurate models for forecasting and inference
Develop test designs, hypotheses, success metrics, and test requirements, and execute test analysis
Work with stakeholders to define business questions and success criteria
Present results and consult the business on next steps
Conduct change management for new methodologies
Research best practices, technologies, tools, and trends
Guide and mentor other analytics team members (Center of Excellence)
Work with IT on productionalization, data accuracy
Develop novel techniques or maintain legacy codes when needed
Who you are:
Advanced degree (Master’s/PhD) in Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or other quantitative discipline
Expertise in various statistical methodologies such as regression analysis, cluster analysis, decision trees, factor analysis/principal component analysis, time series, survival models
2+ years experience in data integration with SQL
2+ years experience in statistical programming in SAS (strongly preferred) and/or R, Python
Experience in data visualization and exploration tools (Tableau preferred)
Strong statistical knowledge and knowledge of test design
Experience distilling and presenting complex concepts to a business audience
2+ years experience using web analytics programs such as Coremetrics (preferred) or Google Analytics
2+ years experience using A/B and Multivariate testing tools; experience with A/B testing analysis preferred
Experience at a B2C e-commerce company a plus
#LI-CF1

About QVC, Inc

QVC, Inc., exceeds the expectations of everyone we touch by delivering the joy of discovery through the power of relationships. Every day, in nine countries, QVC engages millions of shoppers in a journey of discovery through an ever-changing collection of familiar brands and fresh new products, from home and fashion to beauty, electronics and jewelry. Along the way, we connect shoppers to interesting personalities, engaging stories, and award winning customer service. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has more than 17,000 employees and has retail operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, France, and through a joint venture in China. Worldwide, QVC engages shoppers on 14 broadcast networks reaching approximately 370 million homes, seven websites, and 220 social pages. Visit corporate.qvc.com to learn more.

QVC, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, Inc. (NASDAQ : QRTEA, QRTEB), which includes QVC, HSN, zulily and the Cornerstone brands (collectively, \"Qurate Retail Group\"), as well as other minority investments. Qurate Retail Group believes in a third way to shop -- beyond transactional ecommerce or traditional brick-and-mortar stores -- and is #1 in video commerce,#3 in ecommerce in North America and #3 in mobile commerce in the U.S. (according to Internet Retailer). For more information, visit www.qurateretailgroup.com. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc.

EEO

As an equal opportunity employer, Qurate Retail Group is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.

Click Apply and log in with your existing account or create an account. This will allow you to check the status of your application at any time and receive the most up to date communications from our Talent Acquisition team.
