Country:
United States

Cities:
Boston, Hartford, New York City, Philadelphia, Providence

Area of expertise:
Analytics

Job Description

Why Avanade:
14-time winner of Microsoft Partner of the Year
24,000+ certifications in Microsoft technology
90+ Microsoft partner awards
17 Gold Competencies
3,500 analytics professionals worldwide
1,000 data engineers
Implemented analytics systems for more than 550 clients
400 AI practitioners
300 cognitive service experts

How we support you:
We believe in gender equity and an inclusive community. We offer a comprehensive benefits package: generous vacation allowance disability coverage, retirement plans, paid maternity and paternity leave, life insurance, hotel and travel discounts, extended benefits to cover items that support your well-being, health, dental and vision insurance, professional development and paid Microsoft certification opportunities.

About you:
You design data solutions that enable clients to see the whole picture and provide insightful and accurate analysis that helps to build successful businesses.

About the job:
As a Manager, Data Engineering, you use modern data engineering techniques and Advanced Analytics methods to give your clients the information they need. You collect, aggregate, store and reconcile data from various sources, helping to design and build data pipelines, streams, reporting tools, data generators and a whole range of tools to provide information and insight. You know how to read the patterns and trends that influence business outcomes.

Day-to-day, you will:
Give colleagues and clients the tools to find and use data for routine and non-routine analysis
Use your sound eye for business to translate business requirements into technical solutions
Analyze current business practices, processes and procedures to spot future opportunities
Assess client needs to build bespoke data design services
Build the building blocks for transforming enterprise data solutions
Design and build modern data pipelines, data streams, and data service Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)
Craft the architectures, data warehouses and databases that support access and Advanced Analytics, and bring them to life through modern visualization tools
Implement effective metrics and monitoring
Be comfortable to make your own decisions and guide your colleagues
Travel as needed to various client locations


Your skills and business experience include:
Transforming business needs into technical solutions
Mapping data and analytics
Data profiling, cataloguing and mapping to enable the design and build of technical data flows
Use proven methods to solve business problems using Azure Data and Analytics services in combination with building data pipelines, data streams and system integration
Knowledge of multiple Azure data applications including Azure Databricks
Experience in preparing data for and building pipelines and architecture

You probably have a Bachelors or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as computer science, applied mathematics, statistics or machine learning – or an equivalent combination of education and experience. You’re likely to be a Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, and/or Database Administrator already, and you have been in a similar professional position for around five to seven years.

Important Note about this Future Opportunity:
We are actively recruiting and interviewing for this ‘Future Opportunity’ position, however will not be extending offers at the present time.

The outbreak and spread of COVID-19 has created uncertainty for many, and during this period Avanade is focused on the personal safety and well-being of our employees and candidates. The good news is that Avanade is a 38,000-person organization that depends on new ways of working every day and we’ve been relying on our workplace experience to empower our employees – wherever they’re working – for 20 years now. Thanks to our workplace platforms – the likes of Office 365, Microsoft Teams, SharePoint and more – we’ve been able to continue delivering work seamlessly and connecting with talent to explore opportunities for tomorrow.

What does that mean for you? It means you can apply and interview virtually, via video, for a future career opportunity without pressure to make a decision. It means that you will have the chance to connect with leaders and hiring managers at your own pace.

We encourage you to speak candidly with your recruiter about your career aspirations and expectations throughout this recruiting process. In return, we are committed to being transparent with you about our intent and goals around this position.

Apply now
