At Vanguard, our mission is to help investors meet their financial goals, and that starts with providing the analytical insights they need. The strategic use of data is meaningful to helping our business develop new capabilities and solutions. As a Marketing Data Scientist at our Center for Analytics & Insights (CAI), you’ll com bine analytical and innovative ways to develop advanced marketing analytics solutions to help our Marketing organizations address complex marketing problems and drive effective decision making. We have a rich array of data available to us and wealth of challenges to offer you. Make it count.

Requirements


In This Role You Will:
Lead meaningful marketing science projects that provide deep insights into marketing needs and performance, and ultimately, drive better marketing return on investment and business outcomes. Applies significant quality control and risk assessment of the model, methodologies, outputs and processes.
Identify ways of demonstrating data to address marketing challenges and opportunities. Translate requirements into an analytics approach, and through sophisticated analysis, formulate insights that improve the way we do marketing
Demonstrate subject matter expertise and develop core Marketing ML solutions such as Marketing mix models, Multi-touch attribution algorithms, Next best action solutions, Channel optimization, etc.to guide business partners and leaders in marketing planning and execution
Drive innovative marketing models and applications through continuously improve and grow CAI Marketing ML capabilities to better support marketing core goals and metrics
Impact


Reimagine the investment experience

Your real passion for data, along with your ability to communicate complex ideas through storytelling and visualization, will supply to the development of new ways of doing business. You’ll collaborate with a robust, cross-disciplinary team including advanced data analysts, data engineers, consultants, and market researchers—all backed by Vanguard’s sophisticated modeling and data management tools. If you’re driven to lead projects that uncover innovative ways of investing, you could launch a multifaceted career, helping to serve over twenty million clients, worldwide and transforming the way our industry operates. Invest your skills for the benefit of our clients, and we’ll invest in your future.

Qualifications


What it Takes:
Graduate degree (ideally a PhD) in a quantitative/analytical field such as Data Science, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Physics or other relevant scientific field
A minimum of five years of relevant professional experience in dynamic analytical roles, combinational of machine learning, data sciences and marketing analytics
Deep understanding and experience of building models using Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Simulation methods
Experienced in developing and deploying marketing mix-models, multi-channel attribution algorithms and marketing measurement & optimization solutions
Strong proficiency in Python, R, Spark (Scala, PySpark) and data visualization tools such as D3.js
Maintains flexibility in meeting deadlines and expectations in the face of shifting priorities
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
