Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - King of Prussia
Posted Date: Jun 5 2020

As a Data Scientist, you will support process and product understanding & monitoring through the utilization of relevant data and quantitative methods; develop and implement solutions delivering insight to multiple stakeholders by application of Data Engineering and Data Science; and support standardization and alignment of data informatics related to process and analytical control strategies across GSK network.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Position will support CPV (Continuous Process Verification) program for Biologics manufacturing process.
Position will support projects using analysis methods including classical and multivariate statistics and machine learning.
Performs routine administration and maintenance of Process Informatics computer systems and applications
Configures and maintains manual data entry forms and associated workflows for reviews/approvals/edits
Performs configuration updates and maintenance to analysis configurations & report configurations to support ongoing trending & monitoring
Executes testing to support validation for changes to GMP configurations/interfaces
Supports break/fix root cause analysis of issues identified with Process Informatics computer systems
Provide support to site stakeholders for development and deployment of reports and visuals with MS Power BI
Work in a way that models respect for safety and EHS, quality compliance, data integrity, and engineering standards.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Bachelors in Data Science, Computer Science, Applied Statistics or equivalent technical discipline
3 years of relevant technical experience
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Experience in GMP environment
Experience with HTML
Experience with STATISTICA (or similar experience using SAS, JMP, Minitab, Discoverant, and/or SIMCA)
Experience with Aspen Manufacturing Suite software
General quantitative training and experience through an engineering curriculum or similar in college or self-study
Ability to automate data aggregation from multiple information systems
Ability to create Control Charts and determine process capability for process data
Ability to program using VBA
Experience creating visualizations using MS Power BI
Execute projects in change management environment
Experience with SQL and programmable SQL
Experience with design and implementation of databases objects: Database design and stored procedures
Why GSK?


Our values and expectationsare at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
