Job Description:

Job Description

As one of the nation's premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We provide almost half of the nation's blood supply, as well as humanitarian relief at home and abroad. We turn compassion into action through the care we provide our blood donors, and the spirit of service we share with our colleagues. Learn more about the life-saving impact our employees have in their communities in this short video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg3XJCA8RQ0

If you share our passion for helping people, then join us in this excellent career opportunity.

Participates in assuring the smooth daily operation of the laboratory. Supervises DNA-based HLA typing or other genetic marker tests such as engraftment monitoring after Stem cell transplantation. Performs Single Bead Antibody Screen analysis. Develops and implements new procedures and is familiar with the various computer software related to data analysis. Helps teaching and training Molecular Genetics and techniques to staff. Helps laboratory staff in solving all technical problems. Provides transfusion support to regional blood banks and ARC customer service.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND AUTHORITIES

Duties include, but are not limited to the following:
Supervise extraction of high quality DNA from various sample sources (whole blood, cultured cells, blood spotted filter paper samples, buccal swabs and segments of blood bag tubing etc.) using automated workstations.
Set up new DNA-based tests relevant to the lab's operation or for new projects.
Teach DNA testing methods (Sanger, NGS, and STR) to staff members.
Be proficient in Sanger, NGS and STR analysis.
Be proficient in Single Bead Antibody Screen analysis.
Understand the needs of transfusion support.
Write and conduct validation plans.
Compile procedure manual.
Perform literature searches for projects or contract proposals.
Write scientific papers.
Help laboratory staff in solving all technical problems.
Participate in continuing education programs, keep abreast with work-related scientific and technical progress, and actively encourage coworkers to do the same.
Assure that departmental activities are performed in compliance with American Red Cross QMS, state and federal regulations -- including the CFR and local standard operating procedures.
Understand and follow safety regulations for handling Biohazard materials. Be proficient in carrying out QC tests for all reagents and equipment used in the lab.
POSITION QUALIFICATIONS AND KNOWLEDGE

A. Education and Experience

Ph.D. degree in biology or related fields or a M.D. degree is required.
Must have at least 3 years of molecular genetics experience; at least one year of HLA experience required.

B. Job Knowledge and Skills

Must have a thorough knowledge of molecular genetics.
Must have knowledge of the HLA system.
Must have problem solving skills for technical and personnel issues.
Must demonstrate communication skills, both written and oral.
Must be able to guide and supervise people. Must be able to motivate staff.
Should have a working knowledge of data processing.

The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee's professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment.
