Overview
goPuff is a high-growth startup that is revolutionizing hyper-local e-commerce. We warehouse and deliver thousands of products to your door super fast. We're currently operating in over 170+ markets within the US and expanding quickly.
As the Data Science Lead at goPuff, you will play an integral role in building our advanced data science capabilities at goPuff. You will lead a small (but growing) team of data scientists and partner across all areas of the business to solve complex problems using data science and machine learning. We are looking for a highly motivated, energetic candidate with experience managing and building high-performing teams, working with the latest big data and machine learning technologies, and someone who isn’t afraid to dive into details/execution alongside the team. This is a newly created role within our full-stack Data & Analytics team that is designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact as the future success of goPuff will depend on the business/customer insights and predictive capabilities we derive from our data.
We’re looking for a doer, problem-solver, thought-leader, and player-coach.

Responsibilities
Responsibilities
Lead and scale the data scientist team to drive the rapid growth of our company
Provide thought leadership and strategic direction for where data science can solve challenging problems across the organization - determining where to focus, how to prioritize, and where to make investment to achieve optimal ROI
Be highly comfortable advocating for Data Science and educating the organization on the vision
Distill complex technologies and ideas into practical business solutions and applications
Own the data science roadmap for the company
Determine resources, technology, and the course of action needed to achieve both short and long-term results
Build strong relationships with business and technology leaders
Introduce an agile/iterative development process to drive timely and impactful data science deliverables
Identify gaps in existing data and work with Engineering teams to implement data tracking
Partner with Analytics team members and other functions to share insights and best practices, ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org
Qualifications
Requirements
Willing to be hands-on. No work is beneath you. Whether building data science models or helping to acquire and optimize data assets, have a ‘whatever-it-takes’ mindset
MS or PhD in statistics, mathematics, analytics, computer science or another quantitative field
5+ years experience working on technical data teams; 1+ years of management experience scaling teams
Expert in statistical probabilistic modeling techniques such as regression, decision trees, neural networks, support vector machines, supervised/unsupervised clustering techniques, etc.
Extensive hands-on experience in modeling with massive distributed data-sets
Expert programming skills in Python/R
Expert in SQL
Extensive hands-on experience in navigating complex relational datasets in both structured and semi-unstructured formats
Experience working with engineers in designing scalable data science flows and implementing into production
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Ability to explain technical concepts in simple terms to business stakeholders
Experience with BI platforms such as Looker, Tableau, PeriscopeData
Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back
About Us

About Us

The only predictable thing about life is that it’s wildly unpredictable. That’s where we come in.

When life does what it does best, customers turn to goPuff to deliver their everyday essentials, and to get through their day & night, work day and weekend.

We’re assembling a team of thinkers, dreamers & risk-takers...the kind of people who know the value of peace of mind in an unpredictable world. (And people who love snacks.)

Like what you’re hearing? Welcome to goPuff.

The goPuff Fam is committed to an inclusive workplace where we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, gender, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or familial status, age, ancestry, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. We believe in diversity and encourage any qualified individual to apply. We are an equal employment opportunity employer.
