Your career starts now. We're looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, we're passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we'd like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at .

Responsibilities:

As part of the Payment Integrity (PI) Data Mining team, the Payment Integrity Data Analyst will be responsible for the development and maintenance of complex query algorithms and reports in order to support the needs of all of our customers. The PI Data Analyst will also assist with ensuring that the current prospective and retrospective cost avoidance/ overpayment recovery processes are carried out within the established deadlines.

Essential Functions:
Collaborate with Manager, Payment Integrity (PI) Associates, and Associates at all levels of the organization, as required, to translate business requirements, in relations to fraud, waste, and abuse (FWA) edit concepts, and build algorithms to ensure we maximize our data mining efforts.
Utilize tools such as SAS, SQL programs, Microsoft Access, etc. to data mine potential claim overpayments within Sybase and SQL servers.
Develop, enhance, test, and maintain all overpayment edit concept algorithms that the Payment Integrity Data Mining team runs.
Assists with ensuring that the current prospective and retrospective cost avoidance/ overpayment recovery processes are carried out within the established deadlines with a high level of accuracy
Interface directly with customers and stakeholders to provide analytical support.
Contributes new ideas for improving existing processes
Understands and applies all established SOPs for each of the teams processes
Adheres to line of business specific procedures to perform routine functions based on department guidelines
Gather and organize data.
Meet milestone deadlines.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Health Administration, Information Systems, or related field.
Minimum 1-3 years of SQL or other related query development experience.
Strong analytical, conceptual and problem-solving skills to evaluate complex business requirements to translate into overpayment algorithms and reporting.
SAS Enterprise Guide, Microsoft Access, Excel
Knowledge and experience in Medicaid/Medicare healthcare.
Ability to communicate effectively through all modes of communication with people of all levels of the organization.
Excellent organizational skills.
Ability to work proficiently with Microsoft Excel, Word, and Access.
Ability to work in a flexible environment, adapting to changing priorities.
Ability to work independently, as well as, in a team setting.
Must be able to organize workflow, prioritize tasks, meet deadlines and be flexible when working in a team.
Back
Share
-
-
Now
