Join the Spark Team

We were born of innovation, springing from the curiosity, imagination and dedication of remarkable scientists and healthcare visionaries. Our shared mission is to challenge the inevitability of genetic disease by discovering, developing, and delivering treatments in ways unimaginable – until now.

We don’t follow footsteps. We create the path.

Primary Duties

This individual will assume a hands-on role within the histology team and contribute to the development of new protocols using histology or immunohistology based techniques for various research projects in all the therapeutics area at Spark Therapeutics. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis and compilation for all the experiments in the histology core.

Responsibilities
Design and conduct histology based assays for tissue or biomarker detection, methods including histochemistry, immunohistochemistry (IHC), immunofluorescence (IF) and in-situ hybridization (ISH). Troubleshoots issues as they arise.
Responsible for image acquisition and data analysis using various imaging processing softwares.
Will be responsible for data storage procedures.
Maintain microscopes and organize training sessions for researchers.
Investigate and learn new tools that might assist with the workflow in the histology core.
Implement new lab techniques as needed and work collaboratively with the teammembers. Write SOPs and protocols.
Assist the histologists with tissue processing, including tissue preparation, paraffin and cryo embedding and sectioning.
Summarize findings (PowerPoint presentation, research reports etc.) and communicate to peers and management. Present the results in an engaging and thoughtful manner.
70%
Hands-on tissue staining, image acquisition and data analysis
20%
Participate in investigations
Review and revise SOPs
Maintain equipment and records
Maintain laboratory safety procedures and compliance records
10%
Prepare laboratory reagents/materials
This individual will also be responsible for helping the histologists with maintenance, operation, qualification/validation of histology equipment, as well as providing training in immunohistochemical techniques, imaging and analysis.

Key Skills, Abilities, and Competencies
Strong organizational skills.
Excellent writing and verbal communication skills.
Independently motivated, detail oriented and good problem solving ability.
Ability to multitask.
Ability to analyze and troubleshoot experiments.
Education and Experience Requirements
BS or MS degree in cell biology, immunology, molecular biology or other related fields with 3+ years experience or PhD with research experience.
Extensive knowledge of mouse anatomy perferred. Experience in histology-based biomarker assay development and validation.
Experience in fluorescence microscopy and data analysis.
Experience in working with mouse or rat tissues. Experience in working with NHP tissues preferred.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills as well as the ability to work effectively as part of a cross functional team.
