If you want to achieve more in your mission of health care, you have to be really smart about the business of health care. Challenge yourself, your peers and our industry by shaping what health care looks like and doing your life's best work.(sm)

The Manager, Data Science will provide recommendations and actionable insights through analysis of data. Individual will need to effectively communicate results of data analysis and reporting to internal stakeholders including, but not limited to, marketing, member engagement, and leadership. Exhibits a strong curiosity about data and excels at harvesting insights from highly complex data across multiple data sources using advanced analytic approaches. Excels at telling a story with data and influencing others to adopt new ideas, products, and/or approaches. Excels at designing and developing technical solutions to acquire new data sources for analytics.

This position will sit onsite at 680 Blair Mill Road, Horsham, PA 19044.

Primary Responsibilities:
Understand marketing, clinical, product, and operational needs of UHC business units and build appropriate solutions to support business objectives
Develop statistical models, forecasts and conduct statistical analysis to better understand trends, population segments and predict behaviors / outcomes
Improve and extend the ML / AI methods in our products
Support and drive analytic efforts around machine learning and innovation
Design and develop technical solutions to acquire new data sources for analytics
Harvest insights from data and present findings that will impact business objectives
Work alongside other data scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement data science solutions from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation, feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentation
Facilitate effectiveness measurement through test design, implementation support, and post-analysis for new and existing programs and initiatives
Coordinate with nearshore and offshore teams to drive projects end to end
Effectively communicate complex technical subjects with business partners
Work with a great deal of autonomy to find solutions to complex problems
Identify new opportunities and help the engagement grow
Youll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science, Business, or similar field
8+ years of experience in Data Analytics
3+ years of experience in Data Science
3+ years of project/people/client management experience
Strong level of proficiency in advanced data science tools such as SAS, R, Python, Spark and H2O
Experience with wrangling large datasets with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive and Spark and traditional tools such as Oracle and SQL server
Experience applying computational algorithms and statistical methods to structured and unstructured data
Experience in data architecture and data engineering from analytics perspective
Experience effectively gathering requirements, probe for deeper understanding, and translate deep technical concepts to non-technical as well as technical senior stakeholders, marketing customers, and data scientists.
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's degree or greater in quantitative field
Expertise in healthcare data, e.g. medical and pharmacy claims, EMR / clinical data, lab data, etc.
Experience with agile product development
Experience building scalable machine learning applications and deploying them in production
Experience working on a development team building products
Expert ability to breakdown and clearly define problems
Strong ability to communicate highly technical results to a diverse audience
Comfort working as part of a global team
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Sr. Manager, Data Analytics, Horsham, PA, Pennsylvania
