PRIMARY FUNCTION:

The Lead Developer will support, promote and drive implementation of best practices in the areas of business intelligence and healthcare analytics. They will assist with the development of the BI strategy and will be required to supervise and mentor other BI team members to help standardize work processes and understand departmental capacity, and promote innovation in all aspects of the team’s work. He/she will work with both functional and technical project personnel which will require an in-depth knowledge of BI data architecture methodology. This BI professional will have a strong consultative presence in the business which allows for a deep understanding of the pace, direction, and needs of business and IT partners. Strong technical credentials and excellent interpersonal skills make this professional a sought after resource by the technical community as well as business partners.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Creates the best practices for designing and developing Business Intelligence solutions
Establishes and communicate a common goal and direction for team
Partners with senior management to understand and deliver performance insights and key analytics solutions.
Consults with clients and teammates to identify all facets of an issue and generate a solution. Understands potential impacts to processes and systems across organization and factors these into solutions.
Uses extensive knowledge and experience in the Business Intelligence (BI) space to create valuable BI products that exceed customers' expectations.
Coordinates with users to determine requirements
Ensures creation of quality design documentation of all BI initiatives
Works closely with other IT business intelligence analysts and IT enterprise architects to implement business intelligence and reporting solutions that meet the needs of the internal or external customers
Executes systems test plans to ensure fail safe integration of a project into a production environment
Maintains and supports BI applications and tools
Promotes Data governance
Keeps abreast of technology and innovation in all relevant areas
Interacts with co-workers, visitors, and other staff consistent with the iSCORE values of Jefferson.
OTHER FUNCTIONS AND COMPETENCIES:
Ability to successfully facilitate collaboration across multiple functions, departments and levels.
Experience working with customers from the initial development of business requirements, through all the SDLC steps and providing on-going maintenance and support.
Track record of consistently driving projects to completion and taking accountability for work and results. Confronts tough issues and situations.
Excellent conceptualization, analytical and logic skills.
Ability to effectively and professionally communicate, both orally and in writing.
Ability to articulate and translate technical language to non-technical customers.
Ability to influence at all levels across the company within span of control.
Demonstrates and promotes creativity and innovation. Proactively seeks out alternative solutions to business problems.
Demonstrates ability to obtain expert-level proficiency in multiple technologies.
Aptitude for gaining deep knowledge of the industry and business, and proactively using this knowledge to deliver meaningful results.
Exemplifies teamwork and serves as role model
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks while under pressure.
Strong customer service orientation.
EDUCATIONAL/TRAINING REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelor’s degree in the field of business administration, computer science, and finance, engineering, or information systems required



EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:
Five to ten (5-10) years related work experience, preferred.
Two to four (2-4) years of experience in a Health Care environment, preferred
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Proven experience with business and technical requirements analysis, elicitation, modeling, verification and methodology development.
Experience across multiple applications and platforms including Oracle and SQL
Experience developing data structures for consumption by BI applications such as Qlik, Tableau or Endeca.
Experience creating dashboards for executive audiences
Operates from a perspective of truly caring about our clients and creating value for them
Detail-oriented, inquisitive, problem-solving nature
Project management experience preferred.
Able to function in a dynamic environment subject to impromptu changes in schedules and Priorities.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks while under pressure.
Logical and efficient, with keen attention to detail. Highly self-motivated and directed.
Jefferson Health delivers state of the art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 8,400 full and part-time students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21st century professional education. Combined, we have over 30,000 employees.

Jefferson Health, with 14 hospitals (seven are Magnet designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 40+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually. U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital among the nation’s best in eight specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 70 such centers in the nation.

Thomas Jefferson University has ten colleges and three schools that offer more than 160 undergraduate and graduate programs. Our University is dedicated to inter-professional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet to be imagined careers.

As an employer, Jefferson maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans.
