Job Description
Overall Responsibility

The principle responsibility of the GMP Analytical Scientist/Senior GMP Analytical Scientist is analytical support for GMP manufacturing and process development. The GMP Analytical Scientist/Senior GMP Analytical Scientist may also provide analytical services for discovery and R&D projects as needed. This is a hands-on laboratory position with additional technical, supervisory, and management responsibilities dependent on experience and expertise.

Typical Duties Include:
Development, optimization, qualification, transfer, validation, and routine execution of analytical methods for small molecule, protein, and antibody drug conjugate (ADC) compounds.
Sample types may include raw materials, in-process materials, intermediates, APIs, finished products, related substances, stability samples, cleaning verifications, etc.
Analytical techniques may include UV-visible spectroscopy, RP-LC, SEC, HIC, CEX, SDS-PAGE HPLC/UPLC, LC-MS, q-TOF, capillary electrophoresis, ELISA, peptide mapping, SEC-MALS, DSC, MFI, DLS, cIEF, Karl Fischer, FTIR, pH, conductivity, osmolality, appearance, binding ELISA, etc.
Preparation and review of standard operating procedures (SOPs), analytical test methods, standard work instructions, technical documents, protocols, reports, etc.
Conduct OOS, non-conformance, risk assessment, gap analysis, and root cause investigations and/or assist management with these investigations
Write deviations, change controls, and CAPAs, and/or assist management with these documents
Documentation of work in laboratory notebooks and logbooks according to organizational GDP policies
Management of work carried out by third-party analytical and metrology service providers
Adherence to organizational EHS policies and maintenance of work areas in a safe, clean, and orderly fashion
Peer review of analytical data
Train and mentor junior scientists
General Responsibilities:
Comply with all organizational policies and procedures
Operate to the highest ethical and moral standards
Adhere to EHS and quality standards set by regulations and Abzena policies, procedures, and mission
Work with other teams to determine analytical methods and instruments needed to support GMP manufacturing
Communicate effectively with supervisors, support staff, colleagues, clients, vendors, etc.
Attend, contribute to, and lead relevant meetings
Prioritize, plan, and manage their own work schedule effectively and efficiently
Keep up to date with EHS, cGMP, scientific, and technical developments
Evaluation of lab practices for continuous improvement.
Qualifications/Skills Required:
Degree in analytical chemistry, chemistry, biology, biochemistry, or related discipline
Relevant experience in the biopharmaceutical industry: 3-6 years with B.S., 2-5 years with MS, or 1-4 years with PhD degree
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to collaborate and work well in teams and independently, with minimal supervision
Extensive knowledge of USP, ICH, FDA, 21 CFR, and other guidance documents
Experience in biologics or small molecule analytical development
Experience in a QC or GMP manufacturing environment
Experience in HPLC troubleshooting and maintenance
Experience in characterization of proteins, intact and on the peptide level, including sample preparation and or experience with small molecule analytics
Good understanding of protein conjugation and purification techniques would be an advantage.

Company Description
About Abzena

Abzena is a life sciences group with its headquarters in the UK and two sites in the US. Abzena offers a range of complementary services and technologies for the selection, development and manufacture of biopharmaceuticals, products based on antibodies or other proteins.

Working with companies and academic groups all over the world, including most of the top 20 biopharmaceutical companies, Abzena supports the development and manufacture of better treatments for patients. Eleven antibodies which have been created using Abzena's technologies (ABZENA inside products) are currently being progressed through clinical development by our licensees. More information on our ABZENA inside products is available here.

Abzena was created through the incorporation of Antitope, PacificGMP, PolyTherics, The Chemistry Research Solution (TCRS) and Warwick Effect Polymers, all of which now trade as Abzena.
