Carisma Therapeutics is seeking an Associate Scientist, In vivo Pharmacology to join the Carisma team.

The culture at Carisma Therapeutics reflects the cutting-edge nature of the company’s work in developing novel immunotherapy treatments for human diseases. Employees come to work every day knowing their actions will have profound value. The team is a close-knit group and has cultivated an atmosphere that is fun and collegial but also goal-focused and fast-paced. There is great passion for advancing exciting and novel science while also building a successful company.

This position reports to a senior level scientist.

Qualifications:
Strong experience with aseptic technique including human/murine cell line culture, human/murine primary cell culture
Strong background with in vivo tumor modeling – including routine mouse handling, IV injection, IP injection, SQ injection, caliper measurements, bioluminescent imaging, tissue dissection/dissociation, and bone marrow harvesting
Experience with flow cytometry, multi-color flow panels, and independent analysis of FACS data using FlowJo
Experience with molecular biology work such as DNA isolation, RNA isolation, qPCR, RT-qPCR, electroporation, viral vectors (lentivirus, adenovirus)
Should be highly motivated, flexible, “can do” attitude and able to work independently both on in vitro and in vivo experiments
Excellent computer skills with experience using FlowJo, GraphPad Prism, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Requirements:
BA/MA/MS or higher in biochemistry, biology, biomedical engineering, molecular biology or similar field
Five years wet lab experience
Previous experience in mouse handling, cell culture, and flow cytometry required.
Excellent record keeping skills. Experience with electronic laboratory notebooks preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Carisma Therapeutics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
