Overview:


Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs. We are continuing to expand our commercial product portfolio and our research and development pipeline in therapeutic areas that can leverage our unique expertise.

Our therapeutic areas of focus include sleep and hematology/oncology areas in which we have a deep understanding of the patient journey and a suite of products and product candidates to address critical needs.

We are looking for the best and brightest talent to join our team. If youre looking to be a part of a company with an unwavering commitment to improving patients lives and being a great place to work, we hope youll explore our career openings and get to know Jazz Pharmaceuticals.

Responsibilities:


The Clinical Scientist Post Approval Research (H/O) will play an integral role on Jazzs Global Medical Affairs (GMA) team and report directly to Global Medical Director for H/O. He or she will drive the post-approval research strategy and be responsible for communicating and represent it to matrix teams and Jazz senior leadership. Furthermore, the Clinical Scientist is expected to develop and design post approval research studies using his or her deep technical and H/O area expertise and knowledge. As such, he or she must be a highly collaborative, team player with strong interpersonal skills and can effectively coordinate with the Global Molecule Team to understand data gaps and needs within the region. The Clinical Scientist must also be able to confidently interact and maintain external relationships with key stakeholders to advance the post-approval research strategy.

Job Responsibilities:
Clearly articulate to internal stakeholders the data obtained in post-approval studies and how it can be applied to business and medical decisions including ways it can help differentiate product from its competitors, medically support marketing objectives and messages, enhance relationships with clinical investigators and key opinion leaders, increase physician exposure to a new drug, answer scientific questions etc.
Coordinate closely with the Global Molecule Team to understand data gaps and needs within regions
Analyze and present medical and clinical trial data to leadership
Maintain a clear understanding of data gaps and how the proposed post-approval research strategy addresses respective needs
Accountable for prioritizing data gaps based on country specific needs and making appropriate tradeoff strategies to enable Jazzs R&D vision
Manage complex studies including the budget and make respective tradeoffs for Phase IV research
Develop and design post approval research studies, in alignment with the strategy, to provide additional information, including data from the broader population in real-world settings on increased survival, long-term safety, efficacy and improved quality of life
Oversee post approval research studies to ensure the studies are proceeding in accordance with protocols established in planning and assist researchers as needed
Provide expertise in leveraging emerging technologies (wearables, EMR, mobile technologies) to improve efficiency and gather real-time data to support post approval research
Maintain expertise and understanding of documentation needed for data collection and analysis, regulatory requirements, polices and processes
Develop and present product safety profiles, comparative effectiveness data and health economic evidence to key external stakeholders including regulatory agencies, payers, health care management organizations, formulary inclusion decision makers, healthcare professions and patients (as applicable)
Deep understanding of the market landscape and medical communities needs
Develop and maintain relationships with external regulatory bodies and lead regulatory submissions process, in accordance with FDA and EMA guidelines
Maintain a global mindset with ability to think in an integrated, holistic fashion
Essential Qualifications:
Doctorate degree required.
Clinical experience in H/O highly desired.
Previous (> 5 years) medical affairs or clinical development experience in H/O highly desired.
High degree of professionalism, integrity and collaboration required.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Deep experience with post marketing Phase IV research.
Strong leadership, team building, negotiation and ability to execute a must.
Ability to travel required.
Ability to confidently interact with internal and external stakeholders.
Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
