Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Mar 17 2020

If you are looking for the opportunity to support early-phase assets through formulation development and product development, keep reading.

As a Biopharmaceutical Drug Product, Principal Scientist/ Investigator you will join a Product Development Team within the Biopharmaceutical Product Sciences (BPS) department of the Biopharm Product Development & Supply organization within GSK R&D, and will work on developing drug product formulation, manufacturing process and delivery systems for protein & peptide-based therapeutics.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Specific responsibilities will be focused around laboratory experimentation and analytical testing of putative formulations & drug product manufacturing and administration/delivery approaches for select protein therapeutic assets, which includes contributing to the conception & evaluation of conventional & novel product matrices and administration modalities
Physicochemical and bioanalytical characterization of native and modified biopharm compounds
Crafting & execution of non-GMP stability protocols to test quality & stability of product formulations
Working closely with internal & external discovery and development support partners, as needed
Maintaining accurate, complete laboratory records
Facile use of electronic data & information gathering, capture, archiving and communications techniques
Assisting in preparation and review of SOPs, and regulatory documentation, as appropriate
Why you?

Basic Qualifications:

We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Bachelors degree in Pharmaceutics, Biology, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or related scientific discipline
At least 10 years of similar experience.
Knowledge and/or competencies related to:
Protein and peptide chemistry;
Formulation and Biophysical Characterization of Biopharms
Experience with biophysical techniques for product characterization and stability evaluation is essential; including, e.g., Spectroscopy (UV/VIS, fluorescence, or CD), Differential Scanning Calorimetry, UNit/ UNcle, Prometheus, particles size evaluation (MFI, FlowCam, Archimedes), light scattering, Isothermal Calorimetry.
Creative and motivated self-starter, with excellent verbal and written communication skills, demonstrated ability to work independently and the ability to work effectively in team and matrix environments.
Able to demonstrate the ability to maintain accurate, complete laboratory records and facile use of electronic data & information gathering, capture, archiving and communications techniques.
Preferred Qualifications:

If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Masters degree in Pharmaceutics, Biology, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or related scientific discipline with 5-7 years of similar experience
OR
PhD in Pharmaceutics, Biology, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or related scientific discipline with 0-3 years of protein formulation and drug delivery development experience.
Experience and understanding of multiple bioanalytical techniques for product characterization and product stability evaluation, including HPLC, SDS-PAGE/CGE, SEC, capillary electrophoresis & chip-based methods, etc.
Experience with both conventional and alternative biopharmaceutical protein formulation, and drug product development, including the application of DOE and other statistically-based experimental design/interpretation approaches.
Experience with protein product manufacturing processes and development (e.g., solution (vial/PFS), or lyophilization; container/closure assessment & selection), drug delivery (e.g., combination product, device & administration kit) feasibility and compatibility evaluation.
Experience in authoring, contributing to, and critical review of successful regulatory submissions; with particular emphasis on early clinical phase submissions, and response to regulatory questions.
Experience in working with in vivo/ in vitro models to critically assess formulation & delivery modalities.
Experience in drug product manufacturing technology transfer to commercial and/or scale-up of clinical drug product manufacturing capabilities would be beneficial.
Why GSK?

Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:

Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk. Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution. Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning. Sustaining energy and well-being Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations. Budgeting and cost-consciousness .

*LI-GSK

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
