Site Name: UK - Hertfordshire - Stevenage, UK - London - Brentford, USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Jun 19 2020

Our Company

GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is a science-led, global healthcare company, employing over 100,000 people in more than 115 countries. Our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better, live longer.

Data, Methods, & Analytics

GSKs Data, Methods and Analytics team (DMA) partners closely with both the Health Economics and Outcomes Research (HEOR), Real-World Evidence (RWE), and Epidemiology teams to support drug development and patient access. We are an in-house data and analytics team set up to provide insight into the patterns, burden, and occurrence of disease, cost and healthcare utilisation, and the safety and effectiveness and other outcomes of treatment. Our goal is to provide objective evidence of the value of our medicines through the analysis of electronic health records, administrative claims, patient registries and other observational health data sources, as well as post-hoc analysis of randomized clinical trial (RCT) data.

Roles and Responsibilities

Within this role you could:
Transform real-world data (RWD) into actionable insights in Epidemiology and Health Outcomes research through study design and hands-on manipulation and statistical analysis of complex health datasets.
Consult and collaborate with research partners to inform, conduct, analyse, interpret and report studies using real world healthcare data.
Perform analyses of RCT data to support economic dossiers and market access (i.e., Indirect treatment comparisons, meta-analysis, network meta-analyses, post hoc analysis of RCT data etc.)
Represent DMA as a subject matter expert on real world data, its use incl. study methodologies and capabilities.
Investigate, critically appraise and apply innovative methods, technologies and tools to better leverage real world data.
Explore novel ways to refine and streamline routine analytics through the development and application of robust approaches.
Basic Qualifications

To succeed in this role, you should:
Hold a Masters degree or PhD, or have equivalent experience, in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, epidemiology, health economics, health services research, or biostatistics
Be passionate about working hands-on with data, and proficient in manipulating large, complex datasets in a statistical programming language such as SAS, R or Stata
Have excellent problem-solving and analytical skills and enjoy finding efficient and innovative solutions to challenging problem
Be self-reliant with the ability to deliver robust, timely, high-quality analytics
Be an enthusiastic collaborator and enjoy working on a wide range of projects and requests across multiple therapy areas
Be an effective communicator and able to articulate complex concepts to diverse audiences
US or UK Work authorization. Sponsorship not available.
Preferred Qualifications

If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Prior experience working with population-based health outcomes data
Why GSK?


Our values and expectationsare at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigor and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
*LI-GSK

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
