Title : Software Engineer (Data)

Location : Philly , PA

Looking for a talented and dedicated Data Analaytics Software engineer to develop and maintain its Analytics data store and tools/applications in cloud infrastructure. These tools are used across software development organization, and are critical to the deployment and release of features and devices for the Platform, including but not limited to set top and broadband premise equipment.

As a member of the team, you will be responsible for developing new tools and platforms, managing existing tools and infrastructure, and setting policy for usage and future direction. You will be a member of a fast-paced team that comprises subject matter experts, and will be a primary point of contact when issues need urgent attention. You will be responsible for interfacing with many peripheral teams, including partners outside of Client, to ensure that products and services are deployed in a timely manner, and at a level of quality that maximizes service integrity and minimizes the risk of down-time. Good communication skills are essential.

Responsibilities:

· Development and maintenance of ETL applications written using Java, SQL and Python.

· Performance tuning and management of SQL based Databases like MySQL, Redshift etc.

· Backup/Restore/Archiving of Database

· Exploring new data store technologies for various business scenarios like Dashboards/Reporting/Visualization, Business Intelligence software, Data Warehousing, Real time stream analytics etc.

Required Skills:

· Java experience is a must.

· Hands on ETL and SQL experience with relational DB like Teradata, Redshift, Snowflake etc.

· Hands on experience in either one of the leading BI tools like Tableau, Looker etc or Visualization/Front End/Web Development experience.

· Experience with Open stack and/or AWS Cloud services

· Experience with Linux (Ubuntu preferred) system

Minimum bachelor's degree required

Job Type: Contract

Experience:
AWS: 1 year (Required)
ETL/SQL: 5 years (Required)
Java: 5 years (Required)
Linux/Ubuntu: 1 year (Required)
Tableau: 5 years (Required)
Data Analysis: 5 years (Required)
Teradata, Redshift, Snowflake : 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Work Location:
One location
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
