Director Data Strategy (Full Time)

About Integress

Integress helps companies accelerate their Cloud Data & Analytics, Machine Learning and AI capabilities to stay competitive in this ever-changing environment. By working alongside the C-Suite, Integress helps meet business outcomes of increased revenue and profit, competitive advantages, new revenue streams, and sustained customer value. Integress provides unique offerings that combine business consulting and deep data experience to seamlessly drive data initiatives from strategy to execution.

Integress offers competitive compensation and benefits package.

Profile

Are you passionate about data and delivering solutions for clients that turn data into valuable, actionable information for their business?

We are seeking an experienced Director Data Strategy who is enthusiastic and excited about helping shape the technology direction for Integress and our clients. The ideal candidate is one who is intellectually curious, a person who has a very solid technical foundation, and proven experience leveraging the latest and greatest cloud data solutions to support C-Level business outcomes through cloud data warehousing, business intelligence, analytics, machine learning and AI.

In this client facing role, you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services and managed services in the Philadelphia region when needed.

Responsibilities

The main responsibility of this role is to craft and own the data strategy for clients and Integress. This requires a unique combination of business and technical skills: the ability to work with the C-Suite to understand their business goals and create a practical technical solution and roadmap; a solid understanding of the Cloud Data and Analytics Ecosystem and how to apply the various tools, techniques and architectural patterns to solve a critical business need; the ability to translate complex technical concepts to the C-level; and the experience to ensure execution and achievement of business outcomes. This role will be collaborating with the technical team of cloud data architects, cloud data engineers, cloud analytic engineers, data scientists, and business intelligence developers.

The secondary responsibilities of this role are to assist with pre-sales business development activities and the identification and launch of new services and solutions leveraging data and analytic capabilities. This candidate is one who is a well-rounded, business-focused data technologist, with good communication and relationship building skills.

The advantage of working for Integress is that we are all about cloud data & analytics in a red-hot market. You will be exposed to many technologies and unique business challenges with like-minded, passionate people.

Qualifications

Must haves:
Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field. Commensurate work experience will be considered in lieu of degree;
5+ years conceptualizing and crafting strategy that aligns technical initiatives to business goals at the Executive-level;
10+ years of architecting, developing, and deploying scalable enterprise data solutions (Enterprise Data Warehouses, Data Marts, ETL/ELT workloads, etc.);
3+ years’ experience in a pre-sales or sales support role;
3+ years of hands-on experience with the Cloud Data Ecosystem using MPP databases (Redshift, Snowflake, or Azure Datawarehouse), data storage (S3 or Azure Blob Storage) and/or analytics platforms (i.e. Spark, Databricks, etc.).
Experience working at a consulting company.
Demonstrated technical leadership experience working successfully as part of a large project team
Demonstrated ability to communicate highly technical concepts in business terms and articulate business value of adopting cloud data technologies
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Pluses:
MBA or equivalent degree
Experience with the launch and/or running of a managed service, software/data solutions or service accelerators
Software development background
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $140,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Experience:
AWS or Azure: 3 years (Required)
Consultative: 5 years (Required)
MPP Database: 3 years (Required)
Enterprise Architecting: 10 years (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.integress.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/integress-inc./
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
