Janssen Research & Development,
L.L.C., a division of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies is recruiting
for a Principal Scientist, Antibody and ADC Engineering located in Spring House, PA.

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical
Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without
disease. Transforming lives by finding new and better ways to prevent,
intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring together the best minds
and pursue the most promising science. We are Janssen. We collaborate with the
world for the health of everyone in it. Learn more at www.janssen.com and follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen
Research & Development, LLC is
part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies.

Essential Functions:

The Principal Scientist position is a leadership position within the
Biologics Discovery team. The successful
candidate will drive biologics discovery in partnership with different
therapeutic areas (TA) including oncology, immunology, metabolic diseases,
neurology and infectious diseases. As a scientific leader in the department,
the Principal Scientist will interact with other functional areas to design and
implement next generation targeting and conjugation technologies for
antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs). The positions responsibilities also include
therapeutic portfolio project leadership in a matrixed organization and
innovation by adding cutting-edge automation to the multi-specific
workflows. The scope of this position
encompasses:

+ Lead a team responsible for developing
next generation targeting technologies to enable first-in class and
best-in class antibody drug conjugates (ADCs) and other multispecific
antibodies.

+ Identifies, defines, and implements processes
for design and optimization of antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) and other
bi/multispecific antibodies

+ Lead and execute molecular biology,
such as in silico sequence fitness assessments, PCR-based cloning,
construct design, library and/or site-directed mutagenesis strategies for
the biologic's portfolio

+ Develop workflows
for high-sensitivity, high-throughput assays (protein and/or cell-based)
for antibody and cellular therapeutics to select leads with excellent
biophysical and manufacturing properties with reduced immunogenic
potential

+ Accountable
for defining functional and project strategies/plans for JBIO portfolio
and platforms

+ Present
data and recommendations
to upper management, internal and external to JBIO

+ Initiate and
maintain external collaborations to advance specific projects

+ Lead Janssen Bio-therapeutic
portfolio projects from portfolio entry to IND-ready in partnership with
the therapeutic area leader

+ Contribute
to a culture that embraces continuous learning, development and
collaboration

+ Authors
patents and publications.

+ Supervise/manage
Ph.D. and non-Ph.D. scientists

Qualifications

+ PhD in molecular
biology, bioengineering, biochemistry, biophysics or a related discipline
with a minimum 5 years of experience is
required.

+ Demonstrated knowledge of Molecular
Biology techniques is required

+ Hands-on work experience in antibody engineering,
affinity optimization with strong understanding of protein
structure-function relationships is required.

+ Prior experience with various
bioconjugation methods and characterization preferred

+ Clear communication skills in writing
and presentation is required

+ Demonstrated knowledge of Protein
Expression techniques is preferred

+ Demonstrated knowledge of automation
systems and workflows for nucleic acid and protein workflows is preferred

+ Understanding of
high-throughput construct design, restriction-free
and restriction-based cloning
is preferred

+ Evidence
of material scientific accomplishments such as a peer-reviewed publication
or patents is
preferred

+ A minimum of two years of supervising
research scientists/associates in a laboratory setting is required.

+ Leading a project to completion or championing a technology
initiative is preferred

+ Hands-on experience with development of workflow automation for
biologics is preferred

+ Hands-on experience with multi-specific and/or CAR-T scaffold
design, engineering and profiling is preferred.

Johnson &
Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified
applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national
origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on
the basis of disability

Primary Location

United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House-Welsh & McKean Roads

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

6577191002
