Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

The Data Analyst will apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and data presentation to comprehend and identify trends and will provide technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems.

The selected candidate will have the unique opportunity to support the customer through the application of programmatic and quantitative methods to identify patterns and relationships in large data sets using mathematical, statistical, and other data-driven analysis to address intelligence questions. The Data Analyst will apply and enhance their skills with developing, running, and analyzing results of complex queries against massive scale data stores/data processing environments.

Basic Qualifications:
The Data Analyst will provide imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent solutions with organizational objectives, work under general direction, and determine and develop approaches to solutions independently.
Present findings to both technical and non-technical collaborators and stakeholders.
Gather and analyze data across sources and systems to identify trends and derive recommendations or make predictions.
Generate and compile reports to provide a holistic comprehension of important performance metrics for more informed decision-making.
Position requires a Bachelor's degree.
Position requires five (5) years of related experience.
Experience with All-Source data analysis to perform technical targeting analytic support in the Intelligence Community.
Developing and using computer languages (e.g. Python, R, Pig, Java, C, SQL, ECL) to perform large scale parallel processing of data, and to develop, validate, and use methodologies to support analytic requirements in clustered computing environments.
Knowledge of SQL and databases
Experience using analytic techniques and tools to conduct technical targeting analytic support to the customer.
Ability to collaborate with technical teams to provide solutions.
Experience developing custom algorithms to support analytic requirements against massive data stores.
Desired Skills:
Experience in the Intelligence Community.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI Poly security clearance required.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
