Job Description
How you will help
You will support the engineering team’s data endeavors, diving in to fix issues, optimize processes, and automate what you do more than once. You’ll use the best tools for the job, whether modern and revolutionary or time tested and proven, to deliver elegant, scalable solutions that meet business and technical needs.

What you will do
Work with internal stakeholders to load data into HealthVerity's data warehouse
Troubleshoot and resolve issues relating to data integrity
Help establish procedures and best practices for transforming and storing data
Lead requirements gathering around data pipeline automation improvements
Work with some of the most exciting open-source tools like Spark, Hadoop, Docker, Airflow, Zeppelin
Leverage distributed computing and serverless architecture such as AWS EMR & AWS Lambda, to develop pipelines for transforming data
Enjoy the peace that comes with working in a mature software development environment
Marvel at the speed with which your creation makes it into production
Research and implement new technologies with a team of developers to execute strategies and implement solutions
Produce peer reviewed quality software
Solve complex problems related to the real-time discovery of large data
About you
You are...
Experienced in writing scalable applications on distributed architectures
Data driven, testing and measuring as much as you can
Eager to both review peer code and have your code reviewed
Comfortable on the command line and consider it an essential tool
Confident in SQL, you know it, write smart queries, it’s no big deal

Required skills and experience
5+ years of work experience
3+ years of experience with Python
3+ years of experience with PySpark and Spark-SQL (writing, testing, debugging spark routines)
1+ years of experience with AWS EMR, AWS S3 service. Comfortable using AWS CLI and boto3
Comfortable working in remote environments
Comfortable using *nix command line (shell scripting, AWK, SED)
Experience with MySQL and Postgres
Desired experience
Experience with Apache Airflow
Experience with Apache Zeppelin
Experience with healthcare data
HealthVerity, based in Center City Philadelphia, is a venture-backed technology company that is transforming the way data-led organizations make critical decisions. Our technology platform serves as the foundation for the rapid creation, exchange and management of healthcare and consumer data in a fully-interoperable, privacy-protecting manner. Advantaged by highly sophisticated identity resolution and matching capabilities, HealthVerity is on a mission to increase transparency, forge interoperability and activate deeper insights.

Our company challenges
Empowering clients with highly rewarding data discovery and licensing tools
Ingesting and managing billions of healthcare records from a wide variety of partners
Standardizing on common data models across data types
Orchestrating an industry-leading HIPAA privacy layer
Innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms
Building a culture that supports rapid iteration and new possibilities
The infrastructure and culture we are building will provide an environment that cultivates innovation. We want to move fast knowing we can fix anything we break along the way. If a new need arises, we want to turn around a solution quickly. We want to solve our challenges in ways that create even more possibilities. We’re creating a platform that lets us discover what else we might do.

We have big plans
We are building a platform that will scale to support an ever-growing array of data providers and innovative products. You must be able to think big while still delivering on near-term requirements.

HealthVerity is an equal opportunity employer.
