Senior Scientist, Molecular Biology

Salary:
Highly Competitive Salary


Job type:

Contract


Discipline:

Biological Sciences, Molecular Biology



Location:

United States

Philadelphia, USA

Posting date: 24 Mar 2020

Reference:
SC.MR.27230

Apply for this job

Shortlist

Proclinical is currently recruiting for a Senior Scientist of molecular biology for a medical device company located in Philadelphia, PA. Successful candidate must demonstrate innovative technical knowledge and significantly contributes to the overall operations of the lab.

Job Responsibilities:
As assigned by Management, supervises, plans and reviews operations for assigned staff, including responsibility for training, managing and evaluating as well as coordinating, scheduling and assigning work and maintaining facility's standards.
Recommends hire/transfer/promotion/discharge and salary changes and acts on employee problems.
Conducts employee performance appraisals in a timely and objective manner.
As assigned by Management, acts as Technical Reviewer or Principal Investigator for assigned assays and assumes all associated responsibilities.
Responsible for appropriately conducting assays in accordance with cGMPs.
Assures that laboratory personnel are following all company SOPs and safety rules.
Prepares and revises technical documents (Laboratory Protocols, SOPs, etc.)
Assures that batch records and other paperwork are completed according to cGMPs and company SOPs.
Provides technical information to clients and prospects as needed.
Reviews Final Reports for protocols assigned Technical Reviewer and participates in critical review and interpretation of test results.
Conducts critical review of results and reports data to appropriate internal staff.
Reports observations of ongoing tests to appropriate internal staff.
Interacts with pertinent internal departments (i.e. Quality Assurance and Project Management) to assure that appropriate testing information is effectively communicated and documented.
Effectively interacts with clients to address scientific and related issues.
Interacts with subcontractors (as appropriate) and assumes responsibility to ensure timely and accurate completion of all subcontracted assays.
Designs and coordinates scientific development projects from inception to completion for the development of new assays and for assay improvements.
Skills and Requirements:
A minimum of 10 years or more of relevant experience or equivalent with Bachelors' degree, a minimum of 7 years or more with a Masters' degree or a minimum of 3 years or more with a PhD.
Bachelors', Masters', or PhD in Molecular Biology or equivalent experience
Preferred (Ex. AALAC certifications, SPHR)
Proficient in Oral & Written communication skills
Need to be able to read, write and understand English (Mandarin)
Proficient in Microsoft (Excel, Word, Outlook)
Travel is required X% , Domestic/International, Daily / Overnight
To Apply:

Please click on the Apply button. Please include a short note outlining why you are interested in the role and why you think you are suitable.

In case you have difficulty in applying or if you have any questions, please call Mike Raletz at (+1) 267-428-7770 or upload your resume on our website - www.proclinical.com.

A full job description is available on request.

Proclinical is a specialist employment agency and recruitment business, providing job opportunities within major pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies.

Proclinical Staffing is an equal opportunity employer.

#LI-112573361_MR2
#Scientific
