Company Description
Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company which provides a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. The Group believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA.
Group's key figures (as of March 2019) are approx. 3.8 billion Euros turnover, over 800 laboratories across 47 countries and about 45,000 staff.

Job Description
Laboratory Data Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
The independent auditing of laboratory data to ensure that regulatory compliance is maintained.
Maintain the highest level of proficiency in terms of those duties and responsibilities required of auditors.
Foster a customer service attitude within and among laboratory personnel.
Ensure the laboratory data is in compliance with cGMPS, GLPs, and departmental procedures and assay methods and is of the highest integrity, quality and accuracy.
Review laboratory notebooks, logbooks, and CTU records to ensure compliance to data integrity and accuracy.
Complete the remediation activities of all data reviews to ensure errors are appropriately corrected and documented following departmental and site procedures.
Data review will include the evaluation of raw data as well as verification of final data integrity (i.e., calculations, adherence to SOPs, BATs, BLPs, Compendia, etc.).
Works with laboratory staff and management to remediate comments and errors in documentation.
May assist in conducting investigations associated with laboratory data review.
Qualifications
The ideal candidate would possess:
General laboratory skills and background knowledge
Experience using Microsoft Office programs such as Word and Excel
Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills
Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Minimum 1 - 2 years' experience in Quality, Regulatory, or related experience
Additional Information
Position is full-time Monday through Friday with overtime as needed. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of West Point, PA are encouraged to apply.
As a Eurofins Lancaster Labs employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options.
To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website www.eurofinsus.com .
Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
