Description:Yes, we do Cyber! For the past 16 years, the Advanced Concepts Laboratorys (ACL) team of world class engineers and applied researchers has been developing advanced cyber capabilities for DoD and IC customers. Our Information Operations (IO) and Computer Network Operations (CNO) technologies provide our customers with leap-ahead capabilities that enable them to attack some of our nations most difficult problems.

Cyber is an evolutionary domain and ACL is on the revolutionary edge. Were a team thats passionate about Cyber and loves to solve the hard problems. Do you enjoy tackling problems whose solutions arent obvious? Is the idea of building an operational capability exciting? Do you thrive in an open, collaborative environment? If any of these are true, wed love the opportunity to talk to you!

The development of cyber capabilities relies upon a wide variety of skills and expertise. If you have passion for Firmware or Kernel level development, OS/Network/Application design or vulnerability and malware analysis, Reverse Engineering, or IO and CNO technology development, you may be a great candidate to join our growing team. If you have strong software development skills in C, C++, and Python, experience with debuggers like gdb, Valgrind, windbg, understand network protocols and inter-process communication, and are capable of defining and shepherding the executing of applied research tasks, we would like to explore your interest in joining us on our extraordinary journey.

If selected, you will become a member of a world class team of applied researchers and engineers that contributes to beyond state-of-the-art customer and internally funded R&D.

All ACL team members are also be eligible for participation in a Lockheed Martin Incentive Plan.
Basic Qualifications:
B.S. degree in technical fields of study such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Security, Doctoral degree, Masters Degree and 3 or more years of relevant applied experience, or more than 5 years of relevant applied experience.

Prospective team members for this job posting must have skills in:
Strong written and oral communications skills
Demonstrate ability to shepherd technical teams
Technical community connectivity (IC, DoD, Academia, or Contractors)
Demonstrated skills in user-space or kernel-space development
C, C++, Python software development
Networking protocols and socket application development
Debugging (e.g gdb, windbg, OllyDbg, Valgrind)
Identifying, planning, and shepherding technical research explorations
Current Top-Secret clearance
Team members are subject to a government security investigation and must meet and maintain eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Desired Skills:
Developing cyber capabilities requires a broad spectrum of experience. While we do not anticipate that everyone will have skill and expertise in all related technical areas, we do desire that team mates have deep expertise in one or more of the areas listed below. If you do not have experience in these areas, you will be assessed for your ability to develop these skills:
Applied research skills
Embedded systems development
Compiler Design and Implementation
IDS and PSP Design and Implementation
Static and dynamic reverse engineering on x86/x86_64, MIPS, ARM, or PowerPC
Vulnerability Analysis of source code or binaries
Machine-learning/Artificial Intelligence
Cyber/IO/CNO R&D
If you have demonstrated a passion for cyber technologies, are self-motivation, and adept at research and prototype development, you will excel as a part of our team.

As a part of our team, you can anticipate authoring technical portions of proposals, presenting results and demonstrating prototypes to your teammates and program customers.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
