Digital Marketing Analytics Manager __
_ Decision Science Consulting Practice_

Axtria Ingenious Insights

Axtria is a global provider of cloud software and data analytics to the Life Sciences industry. We help Life Sciences companies transform the product commercialization journey to drive sales growth and improve healthcare outcomes for patients. We are acutely aware that our work impacts millions of patients and lead passionately to improve their lives.

Since our founding in 2010, technology innovation has been our winning differentiation, and we continue to leapfrog competition with platforms that deploy Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Our cloud-based platforms - Axtria DataMax™, Axtria InsightsMax™, Axtria SalesIQ™, and Axtria MarketingIQ™ - enable customers to efficiently manage data, leverage data science to deliver insights for sales and marketing planning, and manage end-to-end commercial operations. With customers in over 75 countries, Axtria is one of the largest global commercial solutions providers in the Life Sciences industry. We continue to win industry recognition for growth and are featured in some of the most aspirational lists - INC 5000, Deloitte FAST 500, NJBiz FAST 50, SmartCEO Future 50, Red Herring 100, and several other growth and technology awards.

Axtria is looking for exceptional talent to join our rapidly growing global team. People are our biggest perk! Our transparent and collaborative culture offers a chance to work with some of the brightest minds in the industry. Axtria Institute, our in-house university, offers the best training in the industry and an opportunity to learn in a structured environment. A customized career progression plan ensures every associate is setup for success and able to do meaningful work in a fun environment. We want our legacy to be the leaders we produce for the industry. Will you be next?

Why Us?

Unique opportunity to play a leadership role in the growth of our consulting and advanced analytics business for pharma and biotech. We have a solid foundation of digital analytics talent and client relationships, to lead the next level of growth for this team. This is a true entrepreneurial opportunity, while offering the support of a leading global analytics organization. Success in this role will require a combination of skills in people management, client management, analytics and critical thinking. You should be comfortable engaging with clients across a wide range of business issues, from product launch strategy, to digital marketing, to health economics. You should be able to work across various disciplines, structuring solutions that bring together the latest technologies, new sources of data and innovative analytics.

Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with digital marketing channel experience both form building solutions as well as project delivery.

Key Responsibilities:

· Analyze data, trends and performance metrics across channels (paid, owned and earned) to effectively communicate insights and opportunities

· Transform business goals into measurable KPIs and support the development of statistical analysis and analytical plan on multichannel/digital marketing activities

· Evaluate and optimize channel performance and ROIs of digital channels in an omnichannel environment

· Provide guidance and support development of the analytic framework for measurement and optimization of omnichannel marketing programs

· Extract, clean and manipulate large, complex data sources to create multichannel marketing datasets, reports, and dashboards.

· Summarize and present findings through various communication channels

Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience

· Bachelor’s degree in one of the following or related fields: Engineering, Operations Research, Management Science, Economics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science or Data Science. An advanced degree is preferred (Master’s, MBA or PhD).

· 3+ years of experience in Pharmaceutical / Biotech / Healthcare analytics.

· 5+ years’ experience with multichannel marketing/digital analytics, ideally in a pharmaceutical, agency, or other commercial environment

· Hands on experience in application of advanced methods and statistical procedures on large and disparate datasets, such as Design of Experiments, Regression and Timeseries.

· Hands on experience with web, search, social analytics or media buying platforms - Google Analytics, DoubleClick Campaign Manager, Google Ad Manager, Adobe Analytics/Omniture, Sprinklr or similar tools

· Experience in analyzing data, trends and performance metrics across channels (paid, owned and earned) for integrated omnichannel marketing campaigns

· Strong hands on experience with SQL is required

· Hands on experience with R / Python is preferred

· Experience in MS Office products - Excel and PowerPoint skills required.

· Experience with customer journey analytics, including touchpoint/pathway analysis, conversion analysis and customer segmentation is preferred

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Experience:
Advanced Analytics: 4 years (Preferred)
Analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
SEO Tools: 4 years (Preferred)
Modeling: 6 years (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.axtria.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
