Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Jul 9 2020

As a Senior Scientist in the Sterile Products Center of Excellence, you will have the opportunity to utilize technical skills and expertise to develop drug product formulations and associated manufacturing processes as part of a matrix technical team. You will also have the opportunity to use creative thinking to drive drug development of a variety of sterile product dosage forms

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Supports pre- and post-development candidates by screening and developing robust drug product compositions for a variety of traditional and non-traditional dosage forms including but not limited to nanosuspensions, hydrogels, emulsions, controlled release implants, and lyophiles.
Executes preformulation, formulation and process development activities based on established protocols and procedures
Assists in the manufacture of batches of product as required, e.g. for process development, stability studies or clinical trials
Coordinates his/her activities within Pharmaceutical Development and with analytical and manufacturing representatives to meet project deliverables
Works with the matrix technical team to align and execute preformulation, formulation and process development activities including authoring or contributing to manufacturing batch records
Identify and begin to interpret any problems in the execution of experimental processes and/or in results and communicates them to his/her supervisor
Proactively engage and seek assistance from other scientists to solve problems
Maintains cleanliness in own work area and in communal work areas
Anticipates/recognizes potential problems with equipment and/or supplies, and proposes/initiates action to solve or prevent problems
Operates equipment for which he/she is trained independently with due regard for GMP and Safety
Works to GMP/GLP as appropriate
Demonstrates timely & reliable recording of laboratory data in Labware and other suitable systems in accordance with company policy and legal requirements.
Performs data management tasks including recording results effectively and in compliance with departmental guidelines in a laboratory notebook or computer with minimal supervision (e.g. tabulating and graphing results)
Consults with supervisor when difficulties arise that cannot be readily resolved
Prepares oral or written summaries of results with interpretation for project work
Writes specific technical sections of internal and external reports with supervision
Attends regular safety training and is fully aware of safety requirements for his/her laboratory/working environment
Follows safe Laboratory and Manufacturing Practices
Maintains accurate and complete safety records consistent with company policy and legal requirements
Recognizes potential safety problems and takes action to rectify them
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
BS in Chemistry, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chemical Engineering, Materials Science, or related discipline
Technical experience in basic formulation/process development techniques
Demonstrates competence and experience in proper handling, recording and analyzing scientific experimental data
Operational experience working with routine laboratory/plant equipment
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Experience working in a GMP environment particularly for sterile products
Can performs literature searches independently and understands scientific literature directly related to his/her experiments
Can learn and apply new experimental techniques
Has knowledge about regulatory requirements for sterile products
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
