Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. is recruiting for a Principal Scientist-R&D Analytical-Raw Materials located in Fort Washington, PA. The Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies touches more than a billion people's lives each day through our health care products and services, our corporate giving, and the volunteer efforts of our employees. The Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies develop and market beloved brands that address the needs of consumers and health care professionals worldwide. Our portfolio ranges across several distinct business units: Baby Care, Oral Care, Compromised Skin Care, Beauty, Feminine Care, and OTC products. The Principal Scientist-R&D Analytical-Raw Materials, within the Strategic Operations and Initiatives group, will be a technical specialist on analytical characteristics impacting raw material functionality. This position will provide leadership on global activities related to raw material physical and chemical characterization testing in support of material change evaluation and manufacturing investigations. This individual will also represent the R&D Analytical group in cross-functional and cross-sector teams with responsibility for technical guidance to drive science based and efficient resolutions in support of supplier related issues and global compliance projects. This person should also have a broad base of knowledge related to raw materials that can be applied to work with the Regulatory, Quality, Legal and Toxicology teams for compliance with various regulatory requirements, such as California Proposition 65, ICH Q3C (Residual Solvents) and ICHQ3D (Elemental Impurities) . The individual in this position should be a strong technical leader and will mentor other scientists on the execution and data interpretation of analytical techniques related to Raw Material characterization and functionality. QualificationsEducation requirements: -Bachelors degree or equivalent with 6+ years of experience -Masters degree with 4+ years of experience -PhD with 2+ years of experience -This position requires previous experience in a regulated industry -This individual should have a strong technical background in Raw Material characteristics and functionality such as compressibility, flowability, and morphology. -The individual should have a strong understanding of the theory and use of analytical techniques and instrumentation associated material characterization including but not limited to SEM, DSC, XRPD, Particle Size measurements, DVS, powder flow and rheometry. -This person should have a consistent record of working independently and leading small technical teams to address sophisticated technical issues. -This individual should have experience and knowledge in the ICH Q3D, USP Elemental Impurities requirements. -The individual should have strong oral and written communication skills and be proficient in making presentations to senior management and at company meetings. -The candidate should also have an understanding of processes and techniques for identification and control of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients that exhibit polymorphism. Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Primary LocationUnited States-Pennsylvania-Fort Washington-OrganizationJohnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (6101)Job FunctionR&DRequisition ID6545200619
