Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Jun 30 2020

Are you a highly motivated scientific professional with experience in cellular and molecular Immunology? If so, the Investigator role may be right for you! In this laboratory-based position, you will support early drug discovery projects with a focus on developing new experimental approaches to interrogate the pharmacology of novel modulators of innate immune targets. The selected candidate will be expected to possess excellent communication and organizational skills, present results at project team meetings and mentor junior scientists.

Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MS degree in Immunology or related field with 5+ years post-doctoral experience and a strong record of scientific publication. BS degree with 8+ years of pharmaceutical laboratory experience in Immunology, Pharmacology, and Molecular Biology.
Ability to independently design experiments and deliver results in a timely fashion.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to present results to multidisciplinary matrix teams, project leaders and senior management.
Experience with biology & cell analysis .
Ability to prioritize multiple projects and meet timelines while maintaining attention to detail and setting high performance standards.
Flexible, focused, enthusiastic, and highly motivated.
Ability to understand, interpret, and communicate complex scientific data.
Excellent record keeping and organizational skills.
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Strong understanding of cellular and molecular biology techniques and flexibility to adopt new technologies.
Experience with animal models of inflammatory disease, primary cell culture and multi-color flow cytometry.
Independent, self-starting and supportive of team-based research.
Previous experience in biotech and/or pharmaceutical drug discovery.
Strong understanding of drug discovery processes, including small/large molecule development.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
*LI-GSK

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
