Janssen Research & Development,
L.L.C., a division of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies is recruiting
for a Senior Associate Scientist, Biophysical
Screening located in Spring House, PA.

At the
Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to
create a world without disease. Transforming lives by finding new and better
ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring together
the best minds and pursue the most promising science. We are Janssen. We
collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Learn more at www.janssen.com and follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen
Research & Development, LLC is
part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies.

The candidate will work as
part of the High-Throughput Precursor Screening team to support Biologics
Discovery pipeline across all therapeutic areas of J&J. The main
responsibility includes the use of screening methods such as Surface Plasmon
Resonance (SPR), Hydrogen Deuterium Exchange Mass Spectrometry (HDX-MS), and
Differential Scanning Fluorimetry (DSF) to deliver quality data that enable
hit-to-lead selection. Key objectives for this position involve the
implementation of the Quality of Antibody Response (QAR) workflow using
established biophysical methods to analyze the antibody response from various
immunization campaigns with regard to affinity and epitope diversity, and the
execution of thermal ramp stability measurements to characterize antibody hits
that meet the target molecule profile for a given therapeutic indication.

Key
Responsibilities:

+ Design
and perform fit-for-purpose laboratory experiments using high-throughput SPR
and DSF to characterize antibody candidates.

+ Streamline
screening workflows and develop automated laboratory processes and instrumentation
systems for expanded throughput capability.

+ Work
closely with Antibody Generation group within the Biologics Discovery regarding
process improvement and new technologies.

+ Communicate
results to JBIO project teams and management.

Qualifications

Requirements

Education:

Master's degree
in Biochemistry, Biophysics, Biotechnology, Biochemical Engineering, or related
field with 2-6 years of scientific experience in the
pharmaceutical/biotechnology industry OR Bachelor's degree with 4-9 years of
relevant experience.

Experience and
Skills:

Required:

+ Ability to handle large amount of dataset and produce high
quality results with quick turnaround time.

+ Experience with high-throughput screening and basic competence
with biophysical techniques such as SPR, DSF/DSC, etc.

+ Broad understanding in state-of-the-art biophysical technologies.

+ Strong
collaborative and interpersonal skills and an ability to perform in the context
of multidisciplinary teams.

+ Strong
written and oral communication skills.

+ Integrity, curiosity, rigor, and self-motivation
to drive assigned projects to sound scientific conclusion.

Preferred:

+ Experience
with Mass Spectrometry is plus.

+ Experience
in Biologics Discovery

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity
Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be
discriminated against on the basis of disability

Primary Location

United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House-Welsh & McKean Roads

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

5670200117
