Site Name: UK - London - Brentford, USA - Pennsylvania - Philadelphia
Posted Date: Apr 29 2020

The ideal candidate would be highly experienced in conducting data analysis on multiple projects simultaneously in a distributed global matrix environment. The Data Analyst will join a strong technical team in a technically demanding area of Tech and so the ideal candidate should possess a strong background in technology and be familiar with Agile and DevOps processes. The candidate is required to carry strong Business Intelligence tool skills and also relevant programming experience to query data.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Develop high-level requirements / use cases for analytics to support business justification
Work with the product owners to translate the requirements into a form of data mapping, logical data model for engineering team
Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions
Take dashboard requirements and transfer into rapidly developed prototypes and working solutions
Implement and document reports, dashboards and other story-telling insights within the BI platforms consistent with business and technical requirements
Optimize and update semantic data models to support new and existing projects
Develop test scenarios and test cases in collaboration with data test engineer along with acceptance criteria
Identify and drive opportunities to reuse data models in new environments
Effectively communicates with both technical and non-technical staff, stakeholders, end-users, and vendors
Understand the needs and challenges of the commercial business environment.
Manages communications with engineering team members, internal and external partners, stakeholders, program staff and users
Provide best practice guidance for requirements analysis and prioritization.
Monitor and document post-implementation problems and revision requests to ensure it meets end user needs
Understand when to highlight risks or issues and ability to clearly communicate them to management teams and stakeholders.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Minimum of 7 years of successful experience as a Business And/Or Data Analyst in Data focused products and proven history working on and delivering complex projects in an Analytics environment space.
Bachelors Degree (Computer Science, Engineering, or other STEM-related area preferred)
Extensive experience with at least 1 data visualization platform preferably Power BI
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Experience writing complex queries to retrieve data
Programming in Python or JavaScript is a plus
Experience working in Azure environments a plus
Strong professional communication skills with both technical & non-technical audiences
Be inquisitive for knowledge, drive for results
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork.

As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
