Company Description
Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company which provides a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. The Group believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA.
Group's key figures (as of March 2019) are approx. 3.8 billion Euros turnover, over 800 laboratories across 47 countries and about 45,000 staff.

Job Description
In Process Analytical Scientist responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following :
Must have skills in data analysis/interpretation, and the ability to exercise scientific judgment and for real-time decision-making.
Must be able to work both independently and within multi-functional teams in a fast-paced environment. Ability to work with little supervision and manage/differentiate ambiguous situations is important.
Must have communication and documentation skills, including result reporting skills (i.e. presentation of results, impact, and recommendations)
Must have demonstrated ability to work with others
Must continue to progress towards achieving qualification on the VFAE assay by completing training on required skills.
Titer testing is required for this position. Employment is contingent upon demonstration of a positive titer against the Varicella (chickenpox) virus.
The ability to work a flexible, rotating shift schedule, which will be predominantly nights and weekend coverage, will be required based on manufacturing process support needs.
The ideal candidate would possess :
Experience with flow cytometry (clinical flow cytometry is a plus) and/or performing immunoassays is preferred. Experience in analytical testing utilizing a variety of biochemical, molecular, and cell biology techniques.
Experience in laboratory operations including scheduling, equipment maintenance, and GMP documentation.
Experience with cell culture and aseptic techniques.
Good general industrial process knowledge and experience with cGMP manufacturing and/or large-scale production.
Qualifications
BS in life science (e.g., biology, microbiology, immunology, etc.), or engineering (e.g., biomedical, chemical).
• Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship
Additional Information
Position is full-time, Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m., with overtime as needed. Candidates currently living in a commutable distance to West Point, PA are encouraged to apply.
What we Offer:
Excellent full time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, dental, and vision options
Life and disability insurance
401(k) with company match
Paid vacation and holidays
Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
