The Specialized Analytics Ld Analyst is responsible for developing models and targeting tools to personalize US Consumer Bank offers and optimize prospect NPV. This will span across the digital eco-system, including: search, external affiliates, display marketing, and home pages. He or she will be a recognized technical authority for digital targeting. Developed communication and diplomacy skills are required in order to guide, influence and convince others, in particular colleagues in other areas and occasional external customers. Significant impact on the area through complex deliverables. Provides advice and counsel related to the technology or operations of the business. Work impacts an entire area, which eventually affects the overall performance and effectiveness of the sub-function/job family. Responsibilities: Work with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies Build models leveraging a variety of tools (e.g. Python, R, H2O, etc. ) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes Responsible for ensuring models adhere to Citi Model Risk Management standards and regulatory requirements Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection / processing / cleaning, modeling techniques and outcomes Expert in machine learning and deep learning models Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 6-10 years of experience Working experience in a quantitative field, Financial/Credit Card industry Must have Demonstrated ability in data retrieving and manipulation as well as proficient analytical skills Expert in machine learning and deep learning models Excellent analytic ability and problem solving skills Proficient in Microsoft Office including excellent MS Excel skills to develop analytic presentations Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, be organized, detail oriented, and adaptive to matrix work environment Education: Bachelors/University degree, Masters degree preferred This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type : ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
