Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. is recruiting for a Principal Scientist, Global Self-Care Stability, located in Fort Washington, PA. The Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies touches more than a billion people's lives each day through our health care products and services, our corporate giving, and the volunteer efforts of our employees. The Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies develop and market beloved brands that address the needs of consumers and health care professionals worldwide. Our portfolio ranges across several distinct business units: Baby Care, Oral Care, Compromised Skin Care, Beauty, Feminine Care, and OTC products. As part of the Global Self-Care R&D Analytical team, this stabilitarian will provide stability expertise, mentorship and support on developmental stability programs for changes to marketed product, technical transfers and change controls for Johnson & Johnson's global self-care product portfolio. The role will require partnering across multiple functional groups and with upper management in the planning and execution of project tasks within established timelines. Key Responsibilities: Development of creatively compliant stability strategies based on global regulatory requirements, internal procedures, technical information and historical stability data. Presentation of stability strategy, stability results and technical assessments to project teams, management and governance boards. Oversight and facilitation of the execution of the established stability strategy across functional areas and across internal and external sites, including stability study initiation, stability sample management, stability storage and stability testing. Documentation of stability assessments, technical justifications, stability protocols, stability reports and stability sections of regulatory filings/dossiers, and statistical analysis of stability data. Participation and leadership in initiatives to improve cross-functional teamwork and partnership, process efficiency, cycle times and productivity. Maintenance of training proficiency on SOP's, work instructions and data analysis. Training and mentorship to stability personnel Qualifications Education: A Bachelor's degree and 6 years' experience; or a Master's degree and 4 years' experience ; or a PhD with 2 years of experience. Minimum of a Bachelors degree required. A focused degree in Science or Engineering is preferred. Experience must be in the area(s) of stability, quality, and/or laboratory within a drug, device or biologics environment. Experience and Skills: Required: Relevant experience in areas of stability, quality, regulatory, laboratory and/or R&D and in drug, device or biologics environment required. Knowledge and understanding of GMPs, ICH, CFR, stability guidances and requirements, latest regulatory trends and global regulation required. Excellent oral and written communication skills required. Strong project management, coordination and multi-tasking skills required. Demonstrated ability to effectively influence people, work with cross-functional teams, manage multiple projects and complete tasks of various levels of complexity required. Preferred: Experience preparing stability protocols and stability reports and performing statistical analysis of stability data highly preferred. Previous experience managing others is preferred. Training and experience in Lean Six Sigma, Process Improvement and Problem Solving methodology are preferred. Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Primary Location United States-Pennsylvania-Fort Washington- Organization Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (6101) Job Function R&D Requisition ID 6344200619
