Job Description

Our Research Scientists are our Inventors. We identify and target steps in disease mechanisms or pathways that could be inhibited or enhanced. Our goal is to isolate a compound that is effective against a disease target. Using innovative thinking, state-of-the-art facilities and robust scientific methodology we collaborate to discover the next medical breakthrough.

We are looking for a highly-motivated, passionate, and innovative Associate Principal Scientist to join in our diverse translational imaging biomarker team in West Point, PA. The successful candidate will lead the discovery, evaluation, development, and implementation of in vivo Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) biomarkers in small and large animal models to assist and advance drug discovery and development programs using MRI or Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (MRS) techniques. Applications may focus on infectious diseases and vaccines, pharmaceutical sciences, safety assessment, oncology, neuroscience, and/or cardiovascular.

Responsibilities include:
Collaborate with drug discovery teams to propose, design, evaluate, and implement novel in vivo MRI experiments to elucidate drug mechanism of action, to non-invasively and longitudinally measure disease burden, and to evaluate biomarker response to treatments
Acquisition, analysis, and interpretation of complex imaging data
Presentation of the results, communication of project impact to teams and department, and recommendations of next steps to project teams.
Lead the evaluation and proposals of innovative imaging biomarkers; identify opportunities for imaging biomarkers by networking with various therapeutic areas onsite.
Education:

A Ph.D. in Medical Physics, Biomedical Engineering, Neuroscience or related discipline utilizing MRI

Required Skills:
Advanced expertise in small animal high field MRI
Demonstrated hands-on experience of designing in vivo imaging experiments, conducting protocol optimization, and data processing for quantitative measurements of physiological status or disease phenotypes
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Interpersonal skills are necessary for working in a highly collaborative, cross-functional working environment.
Flexibility and the ability to adapt to a fast-paced research environment, and the ability to work independently.
A published record of successful research.
Preferred skills:
Expertise in anesthetizing small animals and administration of compounds subcutaneously, intra-peritoneally, and intravenously.
2+ years of previous job experience related to pharmaceutical research
Practical expertise with MATLAB, Python, or related programming languages for image analysis
Experience with pulse sequence development
Knowledge of an additional imaging modality, such as computed tomography CT, ultrasound, or Positron Emission Tomography (PET)
We are a research-driven biopharmaceutical company. Our mission is built on the simple premise that if we follow the science and that great medicines can make a significant impact to our world. And we believe that a research-driven enterprise dedicated to world-class science can succeed by inventing medicine and vaccine innovations that make a difference for patients across the globe.

Who we are

Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA is known as Merck in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. We are a global biopharmaceutical leader with a diverse portfolio of prescription medicines, oncology, vaccines and animal health products.

We are driven by our purpose to develop and deliver innovative products that save and improve lives. With 69,000 employees operating in more than 140 countries, we offer state of the art laboratories, plants and offices that are designed to Inspire our employees as we learn, develop and grow in our careers. We are proud of our 125 years of service to humanity and continue to be one of the worlds biggest investors in Research & Development.

What we look for

In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. Together we will continue Inventing For Life, Impacting Lives while Inspiring Your Career Growth.

INVENT.

IMPACT.

INSPIRE.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

If you need an accommodation for the application process please email us at staffingaadar@msd.com
For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

OFCCP Pay Transparency Rule

We are an equal opportunity employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:

Regular

Relocation:

Domestic

VISA Sponsorship:

Yes

Travel Requirements:

10%

Flexible Work Arrangements:

Work Week

Shift:

1st - Day

Valid Driving License:

No

Hazardous Material(s):

Number of Openings:

1

Requisition ID:R60673
