Janssen Pharmaceutical,a member of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for aPrincipal Scientist, CAR-T Cell Characterization Flow Lead. The position willbe located in Malvern, PA. At the JanssenPharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, what matters most is helpingpeople live full and healthy lives. We focus on treating, curing and preventingsome of the most devastating and complex diseases of our time. And we pursuethe most promising science, wherever it might be found. We are Janssen. Ourmission drives us. Our patients inspire us. We collaborate with the world forthe health of everyone in it. Janssen Research andDevelopment, LLC develops treatments that improve the health and lifestyle ofpeople worldwide. Research and development areas encompass novel targets inneurologic disorders, gastroenterology, oncology, infectious disease, diabetes,hematology, metabolic disorders, immunologic disorders and reproductivemedicine. The Biotherapeutics Development- Analytical Development (BioTD - AD) group is seeking an energetic, highly motivatedleader to characterize autologous CAR-T and next-generation, iPSC-basedCAR-T/NK cell platforms for allogeneic cell therapies. In this role, the PrincipleScientist will establish the technical strategies for flow cytometry utilizationwithin the expanding cell therapy space. The development of strategies for the characterizationand GMP testing of our cell therapy products including but not limited to CAR-T,CAR-NK, autologous and allogeneic platforms.The individual would shape these strategies required for in depthprocess and product understanding providing technical and strategic leadershipto the function and to the CMC teams. A successful candidate will be involved in the design, execution,and optimization of cutting-edge cell therapy platforms and will have theopportunity to engage in multi-functional teams. She/He will learn from andcontribute to industry-leading drug discovery/development programs that hasbrought numerous quality therapeutics to patients and has made significantcontributions to human health. PrimaryResponsibilities: + Developcharacterization strategies and implements plans to understand the cellularbiology with respect to growth/expansion of cellular subtypes during process/productdevelopment in both autologous and allogenic production processes. + Develop methods to monitorcellular immunophenotypes engaged in selection, activation, transduction, expansion/exhaustionand cryopreservation + Develop methods to monitorcytokine secretion using technologies such as Luminex, isoplex, ELISAs, etc. + Develop methods tounderstand cellular impurities and impacts of cellular expansion, formulations,and cryopreservation + Create approaches for phenotypicor functional characterization of T-cells, NK cells, and iPSC in apheresis, inprocess samples, and final drug product. + Develop flow-basedmethods to characterize manufacturing processes. + Engage and/or lead technicalinvestigation strategy in support of product investigations with respect toclinical outcomes or adverse events driving to root cause. + Lead technical forumsboth internal and external to the company to share knowledge and approaches relatedto cellular characterization strategies as they relate to cell-based therapies(CAR-T, CAR-NK, etc). + Develop innovativeapproaches to challenging solutions + Identify/collaboratewith partners in academia or industry to execute on innovation ideas orcharacterization approaches + Effectively communicatescientific data and results across technical teams, project teams, and to thehealth authority as needed. Qualifications ExperienceRequired: + Ph.D. in cell biology, immunology,biological science, or related discipline with 8 years of experience or a M.S.with 10 years of experience in an academic or industry setting with a focus on Tcell biology or cellular characterization/function + Excellent oral andwritten communication skills + Excellent interpersonalskills with the ability to operate effectively in a dynamic work environment + Ability to workcollaboratively in a complex, matrix environment Experience Preferred: + Minimum of2 yrs working in therapeutic cell therapy research and/or development group + Expertise with primary T-cell,pluripotent SC culture, viral and non-viral gene delivery methods and cellularbased assays is preferred + Independently design, executeand troubleshoot experiments, analyze, report and present data + Must be detail-oriented, highlyorganized and able to manage multiple tasks, handle tight timelines anddeliver quality data + Understandingof the connections between clinical, process/product development, andbiological outcomes + Experiencewith the development and registration of cell therapies is a plus. + Awarenessto GMP requirements. + Ability to maketimely decisions and operate effectively in times of ambiguity + Stronganalytical problem solving, planning and organizational skill + Peopleleadership experience, working in a matrix team or direct line setting, is a plus. Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Actionand Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receiveconsideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteranstatus and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Primary Location United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern- Organization Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084) Job Function R&D Requisition ID 3936200423
