Reporting to the SVP Chemistry, the Sr. Principal Scientist will provide scientific leadership in the development and evaluation of novel targeted approaches to the treatment of liver disease. The individual will be expected to perform hands-on laboratory research and communicate results in both written and oral forms as well as present updates of the performed work to a variety of audiences. Persons at this level will be expected to make significant contributions in the area of medicinal chemistry and be recognized as a company-wide technical resource and an emerging thought leader in programs of interest.

Responsibilities will include:
Deliver on research goals and objectives.
Apply expert knowledge to proposed research projects, exploratory and formal research programs.
Coordinate interdisciplinary resources in collaboration with the research team and line management.
Propose and conduct experiments, critically evaluate data, drawing appropriate conclusions and develop a forward plan of action.
Serve as representative on a project team in area of expertise as project chemist or project leader requiring data reports and progress reports to line management.
Identify and manage external collaborating parties and/or contract research laboratories performing studies on behalf of the company.
Maintain knowledge of published developments in research field; recommend alternative approaches to research projects and programs.
Foster a spirit of cooperation, teamwork and motivation within the laboratory and department
Present scientific results in a variety of settings, both formal and informal, and both within and outside of the company.
Contribute to the development of the Arbutus patent portfolio and the scientific literature.
Mentor and manage junior staff as required; provide scientific leadership in a matrix team environment.
Qualifications:
Ph D. in Chemistry, or related biological science and 10-12 years’ relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and experience with a proven record of accomplishment in the field
Recognized as an expert in the small molecule drug discovery with documented accomplishments, publications and presentations
In depth knowledge of the drug discovery and development process
Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills; proven ability to effectively present to a variety of internal and external audiences
Mature with a proven ability to collaborate with and influence others at all levels throughout a diverse organization
Ability to manage deadlines and prioritize effectively, while maintaining flexibility and able to achieve team/extended team buy-in
Demonstrates scientific creativity, works independently, and takes initiative
Proven ability to manage and motivate scientific teams; experience in effectively leading research projects from the bench is essential
