The Research Scientist will conduct research in SpirovantsPhiladelphia laboratory in consultation with staff and management. The candidate will participate in researchusing established SOPs and is expected to contribute to the development ofnovel SOPs. The candidate will be a high-level individual contributor who isself-motivated and integrates effectively into the team, enhancing the teamsoverall efficiency and productivity.

Additional key responsibilities include:
Conductresearch to elucidate the critical molecular and structural components of novelAAV serotypes that are required to promote and maintain intended gene transferfunctions of the vector.
Conductmolecular biological research to optimize vector biology, enhance genomepackaging efficiency and optimize titer for viral vectors.
Performstudies of functional expression of therapeutic transgenes.
Serveas liaison with the process/analytical development and manufacturing group inorder to guide the maintenance of vector product quality across multipleproduction and purification operations and scales.
Generate,manage, evaluate, and maintain critical data in a highly organized manner.Author technical reports, method transfer documents, and prepare scientificpresentations as needed.
Provideproject leadership to ensure that internal research objectives and activitiesare aligned with corporate goals. Drive vector biology research activities withdiligence to maintain program timelines.
Coordinate and establish group resource needs for staff,infrastructure, equipment,operations, shipping, documentation, and customer service
Consult and develops new policies and modify existingpolicies and procedures for lab operations in accordance with protocols and standards
Technicalexperience in one or more of tissue culture, ddPCR, real-time qPCR, RNA tissueextraction, immunohistochemistry, Western blot, Flow cytometry, FACS sorting, aggregationassays, ELISA, and microscopy.
Experiencein AAV vector packaging, preparation, purification, analysis and viral titerassays.
Maintain compliance with facility mandatedchemical inventory and safety requirements
Proficiencyin using Electronic Laboratory Notebooks
Generate, analyze,and maintain data produced from a wide variety of laboratory techniques and analytical instrumentation
Help preparetechnical reports, papers,tech transfer documents, and presentations and SOPsfor regulatory or grant-making agencies,or use in further researchactivities as needed
Traveloccasionally to conferences and business meetings.
At Spirovant, the successful candidate will be highlycreative and adept at problem solving, with the ability to thrive in a get itdone type of environment.
(S)he will have the following mix of personal andprofessional characteristics:
Minimumof BS degree in cell biology, chemistry, biochemistry, molecular biology orrelated field and 5+ years experience with AAV viral vectors and in vitro/in vivo diseasemodels.
Industryexperience and MS or PhD is a plus.
Experience with lentivirus viralvectors is a plus.
Experiencein respiratory disease, immunology is a plus.
Demonstratedexperience and track-record accomplishment in lab management.
Excellentverbal and written communication skills.
Teamoriented, highly motivated, execution focused with strong work ethic, abilityto thrive in an entrepreneurial and multidisciplinary environment.
Flexible,collaborative and responsive to scientific, technical and businessopportunities and needs.
