Do you enjoy discovering and solving data challenges - dissecting them to uncover insights, would you like to tell a story with data analysis to influence decision making? Qurate Group’s (erstwhile QVC and HSN) Business Planning and Analysis team is looking to hire a Financial Data Scientist. In this role you will work with business partners to solve business problems and identify opportunities to improve financial performance. You will be responsible for analyzing data to identify insights and root causes, build models to simulate business and financial outcomes, propose actions to solve problems and present findings in a compelling manner to business leaders.

Job Description Details

How You'll Contribute

Business Analysis
Develop a clear understanding of the problem to be solved, structuring the analysis approach in consultation with team leader and/or business client, identifying required data and sources, procuring and setting up data for analysis
Analysis of data and simulation, to identify potential solutions and root causes, in an iterative manner with team leader and/or business client
Build models that integrate business and financial data to project financial outcomes of business actions (e.g. customer payment defaults, product returns)
Summarize and present the analysis in a compelling, concise manner with visuals and narratives. Collecting feedback, disciplined follow up on requests in timely manner
Recurring & Ad-hoc
Accountable for executing queries, data collection and data validation to be used by our Business Clients.
Build efficient queries for data using SQL and SQL-related tools to gather data from relational databases.
Partner with I.T. to support Business Intelligence systems implementations throughout the System Development Lifecycle
Establish integrated and efficient reporting processes, tools and metrics
What we're looking for
Bachelor’s Degree or MBA in Finance or equivalent business experience
3-5 years analytical experience, preferably within a Merchandising/Retail environment.
Advanced skills with BI tools
Ability to write SQL (oracle, teradata, netezza, mySql, etc.) using associated tools (TOAD, SQL Navigator, etc.)
Excellent PC skills with a sound advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Access
Excellent analytical ability; very strong critical thinking and problem solving skills, ability to leverage analytical work into results-oriented storytelling and actionable insights
#LI-RB1

About QVC, Inc

QVC, Inc., exceeds the expectations of everyone we touch by delivering the joy of discovery through the power of relationships. Every day, in nine countries, QVC engages millions of shoppers in a journey of discovery through an ever-changing collection of familiar brands and fresh new products, from home and fashion to beauty, electronics and jewelry. Along the way, we connect shoppers to interesting personalities, engaging stories, and award winning customer service. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has more than 17,000 employees and has retail operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, France, and through a joint venture in China. Worldwide, QVC engages shoppers on 14 broadcast networks reaching approximately 370 million homes, seven websites, and 220 social pages. Visit corporate.qvc.com to learn more.

QVC, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, Inc. (NASDAQ : QRTEA, QRTEB), which includes QVC, HSN, zulily and the Cornerstone brands (collectively, \"Qurate Retail Group\"), as well as other minority investments. Qurate Retail Group believes in a third way to shop -- beyond transactional ecommerce or traditional brick-and-mortar stores -- and is #1 in video commerce,#3 in ecommerce in North America and #3 in mobile commerce in the U.S. (according to Internet Retailer). For more information, visit www.qurateretailgroup.com. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc.

EEO

As an equal opportunity employer, Qurate Retail Group is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.

Click Apply and log in with your existing account or create an account. This will allow you to check the status of your application at any time and receive the most up to date communications from our Talent Acquisition team.
