Job Description
Our client, Amring Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (https://www.amringusa.com/company-2/), sells uniquely positioned and harder-to-manufacture generics that bring value to customers and patients. Amring spends every minute of every day figuring out how to bring historically complex prescription medications to market. Amring’s products are generics of value to the market, not high-volume, mass-produced products.

The Senior Product Development Scientist is a manager-level position that requires a strong understanding and practice of sterile/aseptic product development, processing and manufacturing. This position will require extensive collaboration with 3rd party developers and 3rd party manufacturers in late-stage sterile product development including process development, scale up and technology transfer. The successful applicant will possess the following attributes: integrity, results oriented, self-directed, innovative, highly motivated to succeed, a high level of ownership and accountability.

RESPONSIBILITIES for the Senior Product Development Scientist:
Develops robust processes for sterile products.
Process improvements to existing products/processes to reduce cost and to enhance functionality of marketed products.
Actively involved in project management and product development strategies. Handle all technical aspects of development projects.
Proactively ensures regulatory, GxP and EHS compliance.
Ensure the manufacturability of ANDAs as they advance through the development process; lead technology transfer team, product validation efforts, new product launches and support the commercialization process.
Write and/or review protocols, final development reports, batch records, standard operating procedures, and other technical reports to support regulatory filings.
Author and/or review appropriate CMC sections of ANDA submissions.
Lead the development/optimization of scale-up efforts to support drug product manufacturing.
Lead project teams; interact with peers including supply chain, QA/RA, R&D project management, and third-party manufacturers to advance projects in a timely and cost-effective way while maintaining quality.
Successfully execute technology transfer protocols and the transfer of drug product manufacturing processes into a cGMP drug product manufacturing facility.
Provide technical expertise to CMOs for API characterization and drug product manufacturing.
Interacts closely with the contract manufacturer to achieve specified objectives. Uses metrics to measure and track CMO performance. Responsible for resolving issues with CDMOs and suppliers.
Assesses manufacturing requirements and capabilities prior to the transfer of new processes to the manufacturing site; prepares process transfer documentation and leads technology transfer team.
Travel up to 25% domestic and international.
REQUIREMENTS for the Senior Product Development Scientist:
Must have a Bachelor's Degree in Pharmaceutical Science or related science with minimum of 5 years of relevant sterile product development experience. Master’s degree preferred.
Experience with troubleshooting of sterile products in a production environment.
Experience in process development, process optimization and scale-up of parenteral dosage forms.
Knowledge in pharmaceutical product development, CMC regulatory requirements, project management; and capability to collaborate closely with colleagues.
Knowledge of practices and equipment in a GMP manufacturing environment, including closed-systems, single-use/disposable technology, and sterile/aseptic processing.
Application of advanced automation and statistical data analysis in development, including design of experiments.
Experience working in a GMP regulated environment. Knowledge of cGMP and an understanding of the concepts of GLP, GCP and FDA guidelines.
Experienced in aseptic/sterile processing.
Ability to work with minimal technical supervision and perform operational tasks independently.
Strong verbal and written communication skills and interpersonal skills.
Highly motivated and driven to acquire new skills.
Exceptionally competitive compensation package that includes base, Annual Incentive Bonus, and Long-Term Incentive Plan. Benefits include Health, Dental, Vision, Life, STD, LTD, FSA, 401(k), 20 PTO days, 13 Holidays, etc.

To apply, submit resume.
Company Description
Our firm, Lukesh Consulting Group, Inc., provides on-call and part-time on-site HR services to small and mid-sized businesses throughout the U.S. Among the many HR services that we provide to our clients, we often assist them with job searches as in the position posted above.
