The Law School Admission Council is a not-for-profit organization committed to promoting quality, access, and equity in law and education worldwide by supporting individuals’ enrollment journeys and providing preeminent assessment, data, and technology services.
LSAC invites applications for the position of Measurement Scientist or Senior Measurement Scientist. Note, there are additional eligibility requirements for applicants for the Senior Measurement Scientist position, as captured within the “Qualifications” section of this job posting.

Summary of Position:
While working in a dynamic team environment, duties of the position include managing, overseeing and/or conducting numerous psychometric operational projects and analyses in close partnership with stakeholders across the organization as well as with external constituents. The role will be asked to successfully manage, conduct and advise on all aspects of operational psychometric work including, but not limited to, item analyses, calibrations, scaling, equating and reporting for multiple assessments with differing goals and populations. The person in this position must ably ensure alignment with set standards to ensure maximal defensibility of the organization’s assessment products. This role requires a highly effective collaborator, who will work closely with Assessments group staff, particularly the test development team, to ensure optimal assessment performance and defensibility.

Manage scaling and equating of LSAT and other assessments
Review assessments to ensure they meet statistical specifications and LSAC standards
Work with test developers to ensure that the LSAT is statistically sound, defensible, and comparable over time
Ensure that all assessments adhere to the highest standards
Contribute and manage the operational work of the psychometrics sub-boundary, including design of processes
Propose psychometric research projects and provide reports on status of research to owner of LSAC research agenda
Provide expert consultation for research projects, testing programs, or corporate management concerns
Collaborate in determining psychometric operational policies and priorities
Participate in planning and policy teams
As time allows, disseminate knowledge through research papers, technical reports, presentations, and seminars that have an impact on the field and LSAC
Develop and maintain professional relationships to enhance LSAC’s reputation with external advisory or policy boards and councils, research and testing organizations, educational organizations, and educators
Actively mentor staff and recommend the assignment of staff to operational projects

*Senior Measurement Scientist applicants must have, in addition to the qualifications listed below, at least ten years of experience as a key member of a primarily operational psychometrics team.
Qualifications include:
Doctoral degree in a quantitative discipline, such as psychometrics, educational psychology, statistics, or similar related discipline is required.
Significant experience in psychometric research and operational analysis is required.
Strong knowledge of item response theory, classical test theory, equating and other psychometric methods, and advanced analytical techniques is required.
Significant skill explaining complex concepts to mentees or non-technical audiences is required
Experience working with interdisciplinary teams is desirable.
LSAC actively seeks to foster greater levels of diversity in our workforce and in our pipeline of future leaders. We are committed to attract and retain candidates who have a passion for their work and encourage all qualified individuals, including minorities, women, LGBTQ, and differently abled, to apply. LSAC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
