Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - King of Prussia
Posted Date: May 29 2020
Are you looking for a challenging opportunity that allows you to leverage your technical expertise to accelerate delivery in biopharmaceuticals? If so, this Senior Scientist, Downstream Proess Development role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
Biopharm Process Development is a highly experienced Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) organization accountable for delivering robust, cost effective and competitive products and manufacturing processes spanning the full life-cycle of asset development from Discovery through commercialization. These activities are delivered through state-of-the-art internal facilities as well as strategic external partners. Collectively, the team is accountable for CMC activities encompassing cell line development, cell culture/ microbial fermentation, purification development, and drug product/ device development. We also pioneer innovative technologies to improve robustness, reduce cost of goods, and improve the patient experience.

Within Biopharm Process Development, the Downstream Process Development department is responsible for the development of purification processes for the manufacture of GSKs Biopharm assets. The Department is also responsible for the scale-up and tech transfer of the processes to manufacturing facilities all over the world. Our aim is to integrate innovative process platforms, automation and advanced data analytics into the downstream process development workflow.

As a Senior Scientist in Downstream Process Development, you will be a member of a highly skilled team of scientists and engineers responsible for developing, demonstrating, and industrializing continuous processes. You will be involved in all aspects of the technology development including initial process screening, optimization and characterization, scale-up and tech transfer to clinical manufacturing and/or commercial manufacturing partners for therapeutic proteins. Your primary focus will be on the bench-scale laboratory development of continuous purification unit operations such as column chromatography (multicolumn continuous affinity, ion exchange, HIC, RP, etc.), ultrafiltration, depth filtration, and viral inactivation. Although predominantly lab-based, the role also involves verbal and written communication and requires good organisation as well as a broader scientific knowledge. Both individual and team working are required and therefore the role will suit a scientist with good interpersonal skills, self-motivation and an open mindset.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following:
Work within a team environment to support the progression of a semi-continuous integrated biopharmaceutical manufacturing platform. Activities will encompass supporting proof of concept demonstration and technology industrialization.
Process development of continuous purification unit operations including multicolumn chromatography, continuous viral inactivation, continuous normal flow filtration, and single pass tangential flow filtration.
Independently design and execute protein purification experiments, interpret data, and work with team members to integrate results into process designs and overall project plans
Drive industrialization of individual continuous unit operations through development of control, validation, technology transfer, and microbial/viral control strategies in conjunction with stakeholders in clinical and commercial manufacturing organizations.
Manage efforts across multiple projects

Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Master's degree (Chemical Engineering, Biochemistry, Chemistry or Biology) with 2 years relevant industrial experience and/or combination of education and experience (e.g. Bachelor's degree and 4 years experience)
Previous experience in protein purification and process development
Ability to apply expertise to identify, evaluate, and industrialize new technologies for biopharmaceutical downstream processing
US work authorization is required for this role. Sponsorship is not available at this time
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Demonstrated ability to develop and industrialize novel manufacturing technologies/approaches
Previous experience with QbD methodology and technology transfer
Extensive theoretical and practical understanding in protein purification and protein chemistry.
Demonstrated ability to operate control systems used to run processes in modern Biopharmaceutical plants.
A developing understanding of regulatory standards (viral safety, process validation, GxP, etc.)
Demonstrated record of scientific achievement and a broad and integrated knowledge of the field.
Knowledge of continuous processing is a plus.
Demonstrated ability to work as part of a project team.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectationsare at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
*LI-GSK

GSKBiopharm_Development

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
