In the Global Assessments & People Analytics & Insights group at Citigroup, we solve business problems with workforce and business data. We conduct analyses to enable evidence- based decision making. We use statistical models to predict future outcomes. We provide actionable insights. Our mission is to equip decision makers with data-driven insights through analytics to make the best decisions about people - individuals, teams and organizationsto drive business performance. The Lead Data Scientist, People Analytics and Insights will report to the Head of People Analytics and Insights and will be responsible for: Applying analytical/technical expertise to help solve, inform, influence, support, and execute our business decisions with workforce and business data Assisting in conceptualization of analytical projects to ensure that the research is rigorous and results are actionable Building statistical models across a broad spectrum of topics Working with technology and various other partners to build and maintain the People Analytics and Insights database. This includes integrating multiple systems and data sources to build large and complex data sets and making them usable for analytics studies (e.g. transforming and cleaning data, working with incomplete data sources, etc) Analyzing internal talent trends and translating data into actionable insights that can be shared with business leaders, HR partners and COE leaders Telling a compelling story with data and presenting insights in a consumable format for varying audiences Staying abreast of current trends/research in data science research and technology The Ideal Candidate will have: BA/BS in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualizations (e.g. Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Physical Sciences, Social Sciences). Masters or higher degree is strongly preferred. Strong foundation in statistical techniques, advanced research design, and analytics/decision sciences with expertise in predictive modeling, time series forecasting, natural language processing (content and sentiment analysis), network analysis, machine learning, data mining, etc 5+ years of experience in: Excel (e.g. formulas, charting, etc) SQL (or similar language for querying relational databases) SAS, R, Python and other similar scripting languages Tableau and other data visualization tools Experience managing and working with large databases, data management, including understanding of various data structures and common methods in data transformation, data validation and audit Experience independently initiating and driving analytics projects to completion Demonstrated strong collaboration skillsAnalytics & Insights is a team sport Strong consultative skills ability to translate business problems into research/analytics studies, as well as ability to communicate the results of analyses with business partners to impact strategy and action Ability to multitask and manage multiple research/analytics projects at the same time Demonstrated strong attention to detail, problem-solving, and critical thinking Business and HR acumen is strongly preferred About Citi: Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our clients. Citis Mission and Value Proposition explains what we do and Citi Leadership Standards explain how we do it. Our mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. We strive to earn and maintain our clients and the publics trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards and making a positive impact on the communities we serve. Our Leadership Standards is a common set of skills and expected behaviors that illustrate how our employees should work every day to be successful and strengthens our ability to execute against our strategic priorities. Diversity is a key business imperative and a source of strength at Citi. We serve clients from every walk of life, every background and every origin. Our goal is to have our workforce reflect this same diversity at all levels. Citi has made it a priority to foster a culture where the best people want to work, where individuals are promoted based on merit, where we value and demand respect for others and where opportunities to develop are widely available to all. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type : ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
