Job Description

Our Research Scientists are our Inventors. We identify and target steps in disease mechanisms or pathways that could be inhibited or enhanced. Our goal is to isolate a compound that is effective against a disease target. Using innovative thinking, state-of-the-art facilities and robust scientific methodology we collaborate to discover the next medical breakthrough.

The Assay Operations Team within the Quantitative Bioscience department is looking for an experienced, highly motivated team member to support, influence, and build a strategy to drive modality agnostic, early drug discovery across multiple therapeutic areas in a facility for automation and screening technologies. Situated in the Assay Operations group, the individual will have these responsibilities:
Develop, optimize, automate and execute biochemical and cellular assays
Program and integrate lab automation into early discovery project workflows; troubleshoot laboratory robots, data acquisition equipment, computers, interfaces, controllers, and other peripheral equipment.
Identify, validate and integrate new technologies or methodologies
Shape department strategy for automated informatics workflows and instrumentation
Champion technologies and capabilities of Quantitative Bioscience to other functional areas within West Point and our research laboratories
Collaborate with colleagues within the department and on multi-disciplinary discovery project teams to align in vitro assay strategy, provide a scientific contribution to research projects/programs, and deliver project goals.
Properly document and report experimental findings, assay protocols, and instrument programming and comply with all laboratory safety requirements.
This position is working in the labs 100% of the time.
Position Qualifications:

Education Minimum Requirement:

PhD in Biochemistry, Cell Biology, Biomedical Engineering or a related discipline and/or M.Sc. with a minimum of 3 years of experience or B.Sc. with a minimum of 5 years of experience in industry, specifically, drug discovery.

Required Experience and Skills:
Broad experience in the application of biochemical, biophysical & cell-based techniques to screen and/or assess the pharmacology of Discovery targets.
Hands-on assay execution and troubleshooting skills and proficiency with different throughput screening formats, screening technologies, and laboratory automation.
Solid data analytical and problem-solving skills and proficiency in standard scientific software used for data analysis.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to function effectively and independently in a multi-disciplinary environment and to thrive in a team setting
Preferred Experience and Skills:
Laboratory research experience and medium/high throughput assay execution in an industrial setting
Experience working with various cell types (cell culture skill) to support end-point assays
Programming, integrating, and troubleshooting Hamilton, Bravo, Combidrop, ECHO liquid handling instruments, various readers and some experience with integrated robotic platforms (Thermo Momentum software a plus)
Ability to execute within a matrixed organization
We are a research-driven biopharmaceutical company. Our mission is built on the simple premise that if we follow the science and that great medicines can make a significant impact to our world. And we believe that a research-driven enterprise dedicated to world-class science can succeed by inventing medicine and vaccine innovations that make a difference for patients across the globe.

Who we are

Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA is known as Merck in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. We are a global biopharmaceutical leader with a diverse portfolio of prescription medicines, oncology, vaccines and animal health products.

We are driven by our purpose to develop and deliver innovative products that save and improve lives. With 69,000 employees operating in more than 140 countries, we offer state of the art laboratories, plants and offices that are designed to Inspire our employees as we learn, develop and grow in our careers. We are proud of our 125 years of service to humanity and continue to be one of the worlds biggest investors in Research & Development.

What we look for

In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. Together we will continue Inventing For Life, Impacting Lives while Inspiring Your Career Growth.

INVENT.

IMPACT.

INSPIRE.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

If you need an accommodation for the application process please email us at staffingaadar@msd.com
For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

OFCCP Pay Transparency Rule

We are an equal opportunity employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:

Regular

Relocation:

No relocation

VISA Sponsorship:

No

Travel Requirements:

No Travel Required

Flexible Work Arrangements:

Work Week

Shift:

1st - Day

Valid Driving License:

Yes

Hazardous Material(s):

Number of Openings:

1

Requisition ID:R61523
