About This Position

The John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics (HIHG) at the University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, has an exciting opportunity for a ELSI Research Associate ( Social Scientist Scholar). The ELSI Research Associate focuses on socio-ethical and policy issues (ELSI) in genomics and precision medicine. This role works with an interdisciplinary team funded by the NIH's All of Us Research Program and will be placed at the John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics and Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation Department of Human Genetics, University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine.

The duties and responsibilities for this position may include, but are not limited to:
Organizes and conducts qualitative and ELSI studies in the context of genomics research and precision medicine.
Conducts systematic review of the literature for the most recent research related to ELSI aspect in emerging genomic/genetic applications.
Conducts comparative policy/legal research and analysis in the fields of genomics/genetics research, medicine and related biotechnologies.
Develops reports, presentations and manuscripts for co-authored publication.
Assists in preparation of grant writing applications
Oversees IRB approvals and maintains communication with IRB and/or appropriate offices.
Assists with other project management tasks.
Adheres to University and unit-level policies and procedures and safeguards University assets.
Minimum Qualifications

Undergraduate or graduate-level degree in ethics, philosophy, bioethics, law, political sciences and Technology Studies, or other relevant discipline. Demonstrated scholarly record in ELSI research. Excellence in writing, communication and organizational skills (both written and spoken English). Ability to independently identify and complete tasks as well as meet deadlines. Exceptional research and literature review skills in law or policy. Training in quantitative and/or qualitative social science skills. Multilingual proficiency (written and spoken), Spanish preferable. Skill in collecting, organizing, and analyzing data. Ability to recognize, analyze, and solve a variety of problems. Ability to exercise sound judgment in making critical decisions.
