Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - King of Prussia
Posted Date: May 27 2020

Are you looking for a challenging opportunity that allows you to leverage your technical expertise to accelerate delivery in biopharmaceuticals? If so, this Senior Scientist, Biopharm Upstream Process Development role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.

Biopharm Process Development is a highly experienced Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) organization accountable for delivering robust, cost effective and competitive products and manufacturing processes spanning the full life-cycle of asset development from Discovery through commercialization. These activities are delivered through state-of-the art internal facilities as well as strategic external partners. Collectively, the team is accountable for CMC activities encompassing cell line development, cell culture/ microbial fermentation, purification development, and drug product/ device development. We also pioneer innovative technologies to improve robustness, reduce cost of goods, and improve the patient experience.

Within Biopharm Process Development, the Microbial and Cell Culture Development department is responsible for the development of cell culture processes for the manufacture of GSKs Biopharm assets. The Department is also responsible for the scale-up and tech transfer of the processes to manufacturing facilities all over the world. Our aim is to integrate innovative expression and process platforms, automation and advanced data analytics into the upstream process development workflow. An opportunity has arisen for a process development scientist with ability to advance the perfusion platform and handle large sets of complex data. He/she will have the opportunity to develop new methods and build capability in automated workflows and data handling.

In this role, you will be a member of a highly skilled team of scientists and engineers responsible for the evaluation and optimization of cell culture processes. The team will have access to the latest technology in small-scale as well as large scale bioreactors and analytical instruments. Although predominantly lab-based, the role also involves important aspects of verbal and written communication and requires good organisation skills as well as a broader scientific knowledge. Both individual and team working are required and therefore the role will suit a scientist with good interpersonal skills, ability to solve complex problems, self-motivated and has an open mindset.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following
Process development of perfusion-based cell culture processes and transfer to cGMP facilities.
Execution of small-scale bioreactor studies for development and optimization of perfusion processes, evaluation for facility fit and small-scale model qualification.
Implementation of automation and informatics technologies to enhance the efficiency of cell culture process development.
Interacting with colleagues in key partner groups: scientists/engineers involved in scale-up and tech transfer, downstream process development and analytical method development scientists, data scientists and statisticians.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Bachelors degree in Bioprocess/Biochemical/Chemical Engineering or related Biological Science with 5+ years industrial experience or Masters degree with at least 3+ years industrial experience.
Solid foundation in cell culture process development and characterization using small scale bioreactors.
Demonstrated record of scientific achievement in implementation of innovative process technologies.
Expertise in assembling, analysing, and visualizing complex data sets.
A track record of reviewing and assimilating technical information effectively.
US work authorization is required for this role. Sponsorship is not available at this time
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and ability to work effectively in multi-disciplinary teams.
Ability to adapt quickly to new scientific areas and work across teams.
Experience in some or all the areas listed below:
Perfusion cell culture processes.
Operation of automated small-scale bioreactors and/or bench-top reactors.
Writing and reviewing technical documents with a good understanding of regulatory requirements with previous experience on CMC regulatory filing
PAT tools such as Raman and Capacitance
Statistical analysis and project management
Programming experience (e.g. Python, Matlab, Visual Basic, etc)
Applying data solutions to manual processes and advanced data analytics
Why GSK?


Our values and expectationsare at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
*LI-GSK

GSKBiopharm_Development

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
