Elsevier is revolutionizing the health care industry by delivering a knowledge and analytics platform that turns information into actionable workflow support. Utilizing Elsevier's premiere medical content, the platform powers products providing personalized, interactive trusted decision support for providers, patients and clinical students. Join a data-driven organization that is on the cutting edge of technology in support of improving patient outcomes and delivering essential educational tools and content for more effective health practitioners.

The Nursing Health Education (NHE) Analytics team is a talented group of engineers and data scientists who are providing key capabilities to capture and analyze user behavior within our portfolio of education products. Analytics data drives the development of new capabilities, informs our product teams on roadmap development, and powers a continuous build-measure-learn cycle in pursuit of excellence.

We are looking for a very talented Data Analytics Architect with strong problem solving and engineering skills to?deliver actionable insights through analytics. You will be responsible for architecting solutions that are implemented in collaboration with business stakeholders and peers across products while communicating designs to stakeholders. You will also collaborate with additional analytics groups across Elsevier. You will identify requirements and pathways for data flow as well as infrastructure to reporting and insight generation. You will ensure the Product Analytics Lead is aware of options and directions to deliver the strategic and technical aspects of web or mobile analytics Adobe capabilities. Recommendations for KPIs, analysis, keyword and competitive research, site and content analytics reports are examples. You must also be able to provide recommendations for process improvements to support internal / client business, marketing, content, demand generation, digital design and development teams as part of technical projects.

Responsibilities:
Lead the design and implementation of major components in our big data pipeline
Manage the software development lifecycle and own the quality of the deliverables
Provide team leadership and mentoring
Work with cross functional teams that include UI and other backend engineering teams, product managers, data engineers and analysts
Define and influence technical best practices across the team.
Experience and Qualifications required:
MS/MA in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, Marketing or related degree
5+ years' experience with application analytics tools/technologies and digital analytics tools particularly Adobe DTM, Adobe Launch or Google Analytics
5+ years' experience onboarding application analytics. Experience in digital, (mobile/web analytics) data analysis
2+ years' experience with decision support intelligence tools/technologies
2+ years' experience with SQL including a good understanding of data warehouse architecture Working knowledge of HTML/HTML5 Ajax, JavaScript and UI frameworks like Angular or React
Ability be a trusted Adobe System Admin.
Analytics tools experience like: Excel (pivot tables); browser-based extensions (tag monitoring proxies); writing macros; connecting to ODBC data sources; working with DSS reporting tools like PowerBI or Tableau
Knowledge of A/B testing and related tools (e.g. Adobe Target, Optimizely)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability to be adaptable and successful in a fast-paced environment.
Expertise in data structures and practical application of data structures.
Expert coding skills including demonstrated rigor in maintaining high code quality. • Demonstrated ability to unit, functional and regression test code to meet high code standards. Practical experience with microservice architectures and platforms
Expertise in building scalable and high-quality software using Java.
Experience designing and deploying high performance production services with robust monitoring and logging
Demonstrated ability to be adaptable and successful in a fast-paced environment.
Nice to have:
5+ years' digital analytics experience conducting highly quantitative analytics
Experience with big data technologies such as Apache Spark, Hadoop, NoSQL databases Experience with Amazon Web Services such as ECS, EKS,Lambda,S3,Redshift
Practical knowledge and application of machine learning and deep learning
Experience running A/B tests to optimize the growth of a product.
Elsevier is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.

Elsevier is a global information analytics business that helps institutions and professionals progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. We help researchers make new discoveries, collaborate with their colleagues, and give them the knowledge they need to find funding. We help governments and universities evaluate and improve their research strategies. We help doctors save lives, providing insight for physicians to find the right clinical answers, and we support nurses and other healthcare professionals throughout their careers.Elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, R&D performance, clinical decision support, and professional education; including ScienceDirect, Scopus, SciVal, ClinicalKey and Sherpath. Elsevier publishes over 2,500 digitized journals, including The Lancetand Cell, more than 35,000 e-book titles and many iconic reference works, including Gray?s Anatomy. Elsevier is part of RELX Group, a global provider of information and analytics for professionals and business customers across industries. Elsevier employs over 7,000 people in more than 70 offices worldwide. We are an employer of choice, attracting and developing talented and creative people who thrive in a challenging and fast-paced environment. We offer an excellent compensation and benefits package as well as a real opportunity for career growth in a growing organization.
