Main Line Health is suburban Philadelphia's most comprehensive health care resource with over 11,000 employees, offering a full range of medical, surgical, obstetric, pediatric, psychiatric and emergency services. This organization is composed of five hospitals, a medical research institute, physician practices and other specialized facilities and services. Recognized as a Magnet system, Main Line Health is committed to the highest standards of patient care, education and research.





Main Line Labs

At Main Line Health, our expert pathologists and clinical laboratory scientists use the latest technologies and techniques to help identify health problems. Our laboratories, located at all of our acute care hospitals and throughout the Philadelphia region, collect samples from thousands of people every year. We use advanced lab testing to uncover or keep an eye on a wide range of diseases. Our pathologists work closely with our doctors to review individual test results and answer any questions patients may have.
Turn your job into a career by joining Main Line Health!

The Clinical Laboratory Scientist will perform complex chemical, biological, hematological, immunologic, microscopic and bacteriological testing in the detection, diagnosis and treatment of disease. The Clinical Laboratory Scientist will work collaboratively with the interdisciplinary team to provide testing services to support patients and the community.

This position is 2st shift and the hours are 2:30pm-11:00pm, every other weekend and one day during the week (Monday or Friday).
Follows lab procedures for specimen handling and processing. Performs laboratory technical procedures of moderate and high complexity in accordance with standards set forth in sectional laboratory procedures.
Accurately reads, interprets, records and maintains records of patient test results according to protocol
Reviews accuracy and completeness of results prior to releasing in the Laboratory Information System and recognizes unexpected or unreasonable results and/or testing delays
Assists other personnel with identifying and analyzing inconsistent and abnormal results. Assists supervisor with the review and editing of laboratory reports.
Performs routine quality control procedures established for each method and maintains accurate records.
Reviews and analyzes quality control data, identifies QC/QA trends or problems, makes judgements and takes appropriate corrective action.
Completes routine and STAT testing within acceptable turn-around time guidelines. Critical values are always confirmed, called and documented in accordance with laboratory requirements. Reviews Pending Logs, researches and resolves missing specimen issues
Operates laboratory instruments and performs routine maintenance. Diagnoses, troubleshoots and documents all lab instrument and /or reagent problems.
Education & Experience (Required):
Graduation form an approved Clinical Laboratory Scientist or Medical Laboratory Technology program (or related field) or an equivalent combination and experience is required.
Bachelor’s degree is required. Associate degree or equivalent education may be acceptable provided it meets the grandfather clause set forth by CLIA.
Skills necessary to perform procedures contained in the Laboratory Procedure manual to include specimen processing test performance and reporting of test results.
Ability to distinguish color differences.
Ability to troubleshoot instrument problems.
Ability to sit or stand up to 95" of shift required. Stand, walk, lift, stretch, bend, crouch and twist regularly throughout the working shift.
Must be capable of lifting boxes and other containers necessary for maintaining stock and testing supplies within section. Ability to lift up to 45 lbs.
Preferences:

MT (ASCP) or equivalent certification is preferred
Previous Clinical Laboratory Scientist experience preferred
Previous laboratory computer system experience preferred.
Why Work for Main Line Health Labs?

Main Line Health has consistently been ranked among the best places to work by Best Places to Work in PA and the Philadelphia Business Journal. We also rank among Modern Healthcare's top 100 places in the nation to work in health care. Our physicians and employees speak highly of the work environment at Main Line Health.

We are committed to providing exceptional care with empathy and compassion for people at all stages in life. Our Diversity, Respect and Inclusion Initiative celebrates our differences and our similarities. Ultimately, we want everyone to feel respected for who they are. We have made it our mission to provide patients with a superior patient experience. This translates to the consistent delivery of safe, high quality clinical care in the absence of preventable harm.

We offer competitive compensation and outstanding comprehensive benefits including tuition reimbursement, 403B matching savings plan, a pension plan, and a generous paid time off program. To be considered, please apply online with your resume at https://www.mainlinehealth.org/careers Enter Job ID 51095 in Keyword search box.

Applicants must certify that they have not used tobacco products or nicotine in any form in the 90-days prior to submitting an application to Main Line Health. This will be verified during pre-employment testing. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please, no agency calls.
