Ke`aki Technologies, LLC is looking for a qualified Data Scientist t o support our contract with OMNIBUS.

Description of Responsibilities:

Provide analytical tools and resources to assess the health of the Military Health System (MHS) beneficiary population.
Provide technical expertise in the areas of prevention, managed care, medical readiness issues, health promotion, clinical safety and quality, and other health Service-related issues in order to support the DHA.
Perform clinical and business analytical studies using accepted data science techniques to provide insight into areas of trending/improvement for prevention, managed care, medical readiness issues, health promotion, clinical safety and quality, and other health Service-related issues.
Aggregate and analyze population health data to respond to questions from the various Congressional inquiries, DoD senior leaders, DHA, Services Surgeon General, Service-specific Headquarters agencies, and the MTFs.
Access, validate and analyze information about the MHS population by developing, validating and linking various medical, safety, environmental, occupational and personnel databases.
Identify and troubleshoot data import, analysis, and display errors from multiple data sources.
Provide data analysis and decision support using research expertise as well as literature review/evidence-base to develop clinical and business measures and prototypes of health information technology (IT) tools, programs, procedures, services or databases to support DHAs goal of building a managed healthcare system that considers and optimizes safety, quality, cost and access.
Research, identify and apply, when available, national/standardized benchmarks and thresholds to DHA/MHS metrics as appropriate or the contractor shall identify reasons established benchmarks/thresholds/methods are not appropriate/relevant.
Provide technical knowledge to customers, internal and external to DHA, regarding study design and methodologies. Provide program management to refine the business and clinical measures and prototypes for optimal implementation by DHA and other agencies/MHS as appropriate.

REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Must have experience with Data Modeling and the application of Predictive Analytics.
Mush have expert level skills in one or more of the following: Python, R, SQL, SAS, Tableau/Tableau Creator and Application/Dashboard Development.
Must have a three year experience data mining and analysis of MHS health data.
Able to read, write, speak and understand English.
Proven ability to synthesize disparate facts from multiple sources and coalesce into an accurate and useful analytic product, incorporating Service and MHS strategic goals for use by leadership in both tactical and strategic decision making.
Demonstrated ability to provide accurate and timely analytical products containing wellreasoned and cogent discussion points providing leadership with substantiated options or courses of action.
Demonstrated ability to organize/participate/lead working groups to develop analytic products and byproducts or to develop/understand processes leading to effective optimization of analytic efforts.
Demonstrated ability to effectively and clearly communicate analytical discoveries and appropriate recommendations/mitigation strategies to all levels of customers including Senior DHA leadership.
Demonstrated advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office products PLUS additional software/hardware skills and capabilities.
Ability to critically examine and evaluate, problem-solve.
Demonstrated ability to undertake and complete multiple tasks with multiple deadlines simultaneously.
Ability to deliver products on time, on schedule, within budget.
Flexibility and ability to adapt to rapidly changing and often time-constrained environment.
Ability to acquire skills/capabilities necessary to meet growing needs/demands of systems/software/hardware.

DEGREE/EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT:

Masters degree in Public Health, Health Services Research, Epidemiology, Mathematics, Biostatistics, Statistics, Informatics or related areas, or previous participation in advanced training/program with one of those related areas, and identified as a Fellow in their area of expertise is required.
Other significant related clinical/medical/health data experience such as previous participation in an analytics/quantitative field fellowship/training may be considered as an appropriate substitute for education, but minimum of Bachelors degree in above areas required unless otherwise specified and with few exceptions.

CITIZENSHIP/SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to pass a NACI background check

Ke`aki Technologies LLC is a fast-growing government service provider. Employees enjoy competitive salaries; a 401K plan with company match; medical, dental, disability, and life insurance coverage; tuition reimbursement; paid vacation and sick time; and 10 paid holidays. Ke`aki Technologies is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of individuals with disabilities and veterans. We are proud to state that we do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. If you are a person with a disability and you need an accommodation during the application process, please click here to request accommodation. We E-Verify all employees.

The Alaka`ina Foundation Family of Companies (FOCs) is comprised of industry-recognized government service firms designated as Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO)-owned and 8(a) certified businesses. The Family of Companies (FOCs) includes Ke`aki Technologies, Laulima Government Solutions, Kūpono Government Services, and Kapili Services, Po`okela Solutions, Kīkaha Solutions, LLC, and Pololei Solutions, LLC. Alaka`ina Foundation activities under the 501(c)3 principally benefit the youth of Hawaii through charitable efforts which includes providing innovative educational programs that combine leadership, science & technology, and environmental stewardship.

For additional information, please visit www.alakainafoundation.com.

#Monster
