Join a team that develops creative solutions for existing and future next-generation technologies for high reliability applications, including fusing real-world applications with artificial intelligence and machine learning, embedded systems for energy applications as well as space instruments and spacecraft components; travel to and interact with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives; work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have 0-5 years of experience. Must have course work or experience in more than one of the following: a) embedded systems, b) signal processing, c) machine learning/artificial intelligence, d) software development, e) sensors and instrumentation, f) Python Programming. Strong software skills are required and experience in Python, C, and/or C++ is preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, Keras, and/or TensorFlow is a plus. Interest and/or experience in working with hardware is a plus. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail. Must have an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
