We are expanding our team in the Intelligent Systems Division working on leading technologies in industrial robotics and seeking talented and motivated candidates to join us. Experience a flexible and stimulating environment developing solutions for diverse technical challenges in applied research and development. Conceive, develop, and deploy robotic and automation software solutions for advanced manufacturing applications and perception-driven solutions. Design, build, debug and implement robotic and automation solutions. Develop and test advanced software solutions for manufacturing and industrial processes and technologies. Assist in preparing proposals and cost estimates. Interact with customers to promote new business and develop technical requirements. Participate on and lead technical project tasks. Document and report technical work. Travel on an as needed basis to customer sites and conference locations. Perform other duties as assigned.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Robotics, Software Engineering, or Computer Science or related with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have experience with developing software. Direct experience with controls for robotics and automation is a plus. Required skills include: C++ and Python software development. Beneficial skills include: ROS (Robot Operating System), OpenCV, PCL (Point Cloud Library). Beneficial knowledge includes: industrial robotics, mobile robotics, 2D/3D computer vision, path planning for robotics and robot manipulation, machine learning, optimization, 2D and 3D perception/sensing for robot guidance, and robot localization. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
