Role Sr. Data Scientist Location San Antonio, TX. Experience 8+ yrs Contractual through IMPLEMENTATION PARTNER End Client Finance Industry Duration Long term BRH on C2C DOE Education Masterrsquos Degree (or equivalent experience) Interview Video call Job Requirements Collaborates with other analytical leaders to fulfill the strategic direction of the business through data and information exploration, research of emerging technologies or analytical techniques and long-term definedproject specific strategic assignments. Oversees and executes the exploration of promising new technologies, analytical methods and data sources (internal external) that have potential to add value to the enterprise. Partners with enterprise analytical and IT teams to build core capabilities and processes. Identifies additional resource needs ranging from IT investments, 3rd party support or additional analysts. Understands the business direction, environment and strategies, to identify and recommend solutions that influence decision makers and drive change. Directs the design and construction of large and complex data sets from large amounts of structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. Builds and leads a high performing team of experts in advanced analytics. Develops team reputation as highly skilled experts in the field of data science. Minimum Requirements Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 8 + years of experience in predictive modeling, large data analysis computer science 3 + years of direct management experience Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) Expert in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C) and one dynamic scripting language (e.g., Python, PERL, Ruby) A strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executive Management (or equivalent) If interested in exploring the opportunity, please revert with resume, visa status BRH on C2C Neha Doshi Sr. Technical Recruiter Sierra Business Solution 520-288-8128 neha(at)sierrasoln(dot)com
