Purpose of Job
Analyzes business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to analysts and decision makers. Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences. Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements. May participate in cross functional teams to address business issues. Prototypes solutions for displaying information based on business needs.
Job Requirements
Gathers business requirements by defining the business problem and data requirements.
Utilizes basic knowledge of multiple data structures and sources to support the development and implementation of decision support solutions, which may include data visualization, business intelligence, or data collection.
Develops basic business knowledge of the functional area and processes.
Develops innovative approaches to address business problems and solutions.
Partners with IT to support the alignment and implementation of technical standards to address appropriate business solutions.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Math, Computer Science, or a related field required, or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
Up to 2 years experience in data management or information technology function.
Successful completion of a job related assessment may be required.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred
Experience in the financial industry.
Experience with emerging analytical techniques and ability to learn new techniques quickly.
Experience working with SAS, SQL, R, Python, Tableau or other analysis software.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/14/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
