Job Description


Job #: 1070098

**Data Science Team Lead**

**If you are interested in the role, please contact Kailyn with Apex Systems at khartley@apexsystems.com**

Location: San Antonio, TX

Clearance Required: Secret (Ability to Obtain)

Contract Length: 9 months

Job Responsibilities: This position involves the development of content and integrations for the Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Platform (Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM Enterprise). Candidates should have a working knowledge of Data Science principals and experience with data science methodologies.

The Cyber Technical Architect Mid provides thought leadership related to current and future customer plans with regard to protecting customer information technology from cyber threats. The Cyber Technical Architect Mid possesses knowledge of the future direction and trends associated with the stated information technology and is up to date with current threats associated with it. This individual has experience in designing and implementing protections for information architecture. The Cyber Technical Architect Mid designs secure architecture to include the software, hardware, and communications to support the total requirements as well as provide for present and future cross-functional requirements and interfaces.

Technical Requirements:
Experience with API programming and development
Experienced with schema use
Proficient in Python (10 years)
Working knowledge of Spark.
Education: Bachelor's Degree Required

**If you are interested in the role, please contact Kailyn with Apex Systems at khartley@apexsystems.com**

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
