Type: Full Time
Clearance: TS/ w Polygraph
Experience: All Levels of Experience Acceptable
Location: Columbia, MD

JOB SUMMARY:


Visionist, Inc. has opportunities for Data Scientists with interest in data analytics support across a variety of areas, from the development of advanced data analytics to understanding, evaluating, and implementing customer requirements. Visionist can offer opportunities to stay current with the latest trends, technologies, and future industry movement in relation to data analytics. You will be able to develop, design, maintain, and enhance data analytic solutions for our customers.

SAMPLING OF DESIRED SKILLS:
Experience with Python, R, Scala, or Julia. Java experience is preferred. Large dataset experience (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flink).
Strong familiarity with data science applications such as association analysis, graph/network analytics, clustering, text analytics, classification and regression (multivariate and logistic).
Training in the design and implementation of static and dynamic visualizations in R, Python, Tableau, or similar visualization software.
Knowledge of machine learning methods (neural networks & deep learning) and platforms (TensorFlow, H20).
Experience or exposure to Natural Language Processing (NLP).
QUALIFICATIONS:


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Capable of building conceptual, knowledgeable, and physical data models.
Produce innovative and creative solutions to analytic problems.
Comfortable with various data structures and common methods in data transformation.
Interested in this position? Send us a resume today.
Due to government contract and security clearance requirements, US citizenship is required.

Visionist, Inc. is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, or any other non-merit based factor. These protections extend to all management practices and decisions, including recruitment and hiring practices, appraisal systems, promotions, and training and career development programs. Visionist, Inc. will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.
