For Us, It's A Mission
At Mylan, we mean it when we say we work every day to provide access to high quality medicines to the world's 7 billion people. If you are unconventional, relentless and passionate. If you believe in doing what's right, not what's easy. If you are a doer and have a passion for serving others, we want to talk to you.
Make a Difference

At Mylan, each person has the ability to make a difference. From the providers who sell and market our products, to the producers who develop and manufacture them and finally to our business partners who support the providers and producers, we all have a mission critical role. Here's how this role will help:
Perform analytical method development / validation and sample analysis. Typically the development and/or validation will be conducted according to instructions in a protocol. The associate scientist will work with supervision from the Group Leader and/or Senior Scientist.
Review the data generated during the development / validation and determine if the acceptance criteria in the protocol is being met. The associate scientist will report any failures to the Group Leader.
Write standard methods of analysis.
Write technical reports for method development / validation work. Write and review analytical test methods, and reports
Conduct routine development and non-routine laboratory analyses such as finished product testing, stability testing, and manufacturing in-process testing which requires critical levels of accuracy.
Perform assigned various tasks which are needed to maintain the laboratory. Such tasks may include ordering lab supplies, calibrating instruments, and Hazmat duties.
Manage time effectively to complete assignments in expected time frame
Troubleshoot instrument problems under occasional supervision.
Evaluate process changes and troubleshoots analytical problems as they arise
Review lab testing results and notebooks to ensure accurate documentation
Keep the training record related to the job functions up to date and make sure one received proper training before performing any tests.
Provide general laboratory support; such as routine instrument cleaning/preventative maintenance/calibration, sample receiving, chemical inventory, document filing and housekeeping.
Within area of responsibility, understand and comply with all DPT safety, environmental and quality practices and procedures as outlined in organizational/departmental guidelines and SOPs as well as applicable federal, state and local regulations.
Document all experimental work neatly and correctly in the lab notebook in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Make Our Values Your Values

Mylan hires only the best. People who thrive in a culture of innovation and empowerment. People who are active learners and have a positive attitude. People who are leaders and know that by working together we can run faster, reach higher and achieve more. By doing so, we will continue to set new standards in health care. Here are the minimum qualifications and essential functions for this position:
BS in Chemistry, Biology or Biochemistry (with solid chemistry knowledge) from a four-year college or university is required. .
Minimum 0 – 3 years of related experience is required. Experience in method development / validation in a pharmaceutical industry is preferred.
Knowledge in pharmaceutical semi-solids dosage forms is helpful.
Must be able to organize and prioritize work in order to accomplish tasks assigned.
Strong proficiency in computer, use of MS Office, writing reports, laboratory, analytical, and organizational skills.
Must have excellent communication skills, a demonstrated ability to work with diverse teams and manage multiple projects within aggressive timelines. Ability to interact with personnel at all levels in department as well as customers.
Strong knowledge of regulatory requirements and cGMPs is preferred.
Must have the ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
Basic fundamental knowledge of principles of chemistry and instrumentation such as HPLC, GC, UV/VIS is preferred.
Why Mylan?

If you want to be part of a global health care company that is making a difference and changing lives, Mylan may be the place for you. With a workforce of more than 35,000 worldwide, we can make a difference. We encourage you to visit Mylan.com to learn more about our unconventional culture, our approach to doing business and how we plan to set new standards in health care.

Mylan offers competitive salary, excellent benefits and an environment conducive to professional growth and advancement. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their disability or protected veteran status. Mylan is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran.
