Data Science Team Lead Commercial San Antonio TX

Job Summary:


Responsible for the planning and engineering of an organization's systems infrastructure, which also includes the implementation and design of cybersecurity hardware and software.

IPSecure, Inc.

At IPSecure, youll shape the future of Cybersecurity by building the technology to tackle the toughest challenges and stay ahead of the latest threats. If you want to join an agile and growing company that makes a direct impact in the cyber fight against cyber criminals, IPSecure is the place for you. Driven by passionate people who are dedicated to making the world safer, its no wonder weve been named a Top Place to Work in San Antonio.

While you will be given lots of room to learn and grow, here are the starting requirements:
Must have experience with Microsoft Suite (preferably to include Visio and Project).
Must be able to operate and meet imposed deadlines.
Must be able to research and help develop solutions for cybersecurity requirements
Must be able to work with minimal supervision or detailed direction.
Responsibilities:

This position involves the development of content and integrations for the Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Platform (Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM Enterprise).
Candidates should have a working knowledge of Data Science principals and experience with data science methodologies.
Additional experiences include:
Experience with API programming and development; Experienced with schema use; Proficient in python; working knowledge of Spark.
Primary Role/Skill:
1 - Python Programming Language (P3 - Advanced)
Our Benefits!
We offer competitive benefit plans for medical, dental and vision.
Paid Time Off Accrued.
Educational Assistant Program.
Supplemental Insurance.
Short Term / Long Term Disability Insurance.
Paid Vacation, Holiday and Sick Leave.
Retirement Plan with Employer Contribution match.
**IPSecure is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status.***
