Join a dynamic team that develops creative solutions for existing and future next-generation technologies for high reliability applications including; data exploitation and analytics, embedded software for real-time sensor systems, complex real-time streaming data and for designing back-end server side solutions to interface with both new and legacy signal processing systems, and C4ISR applications. Interact with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives. Work in various phases of the system lifecycle including: applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation. For more information on our innovative project work, visit https://www.swri.org/technical-divisions/defense-intelligence-solutions.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related with 1-3 years experience in AI, Machine Learning, Web User Interface, or Cloud Architecture. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Coursework in machine learning or artificial intelligence, signal/image processing, signal processing, instrumentation and sensors preferred. Experience in Python, Java, and/or C, C++ required. Experience with Linux, multithreaded programming, and/or networking/socket programming a plus. Experience with Agile software development a plus; experience with Javascript, HTML5, XML, CSS desired. Must be comfortable developing and deploying complex solutions in a Linux environment. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work well individually or as a member of a project team are required. Must have aptitude for continuous learning and interested in leadership opportunities. Current DoD security clearance is desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
