Southwest Research Institute is seeking highly driven and skilled software engineers for its Defense and Intelligence Solutions (DI&S) Division. The Software Engineering Department of DI&S develops advanced information collection, exploitation, and management solutions by architecting, delivering, and supporting enduring software and knowledge ware systems for regional and worldwide networked environments. Join a team of motivated developers providing innovative solutions to meet unique technical needs. Work with highly challenging real time embedded systems, signal processing challenges, and intra/inter systems collaboration. Other opportunities may include developing creative solutions to perform large scale data analysis as well as visualizations of various types of real time and dynamic data sets. Software development at SwRI involves cradle-to-grave solutions for a variety of highly technical and challenging Defense and Intelligence applications. This includes developing and analyzing customer and systems requirements, proposing solutions, designing and implementing innovative software solutions, documenting and verifying the system, and working with clients and systems engineers to put the software solutions to work into practical operation. A focus area for this opportunity will involve systems that perform radio direction finding, signal acquisition, signal processing on a variety of land, sea, and airborne platforms. Additional tasks could include complex data analytics as well as developing data visualization concept and techniques. The work will include collaborating with client technical representatives and SwRI engineering and software staff. Activities will include work primarily at SwRI facilities/laboratories and short-term travel to government client facilities in the U.S. and overseas for meetings, system installations and support. We are seeking inspired individuals who are looking to join our team and build a career!


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree or MS degree in computer science or software development with 0-3 years. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Experience or coursework in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++ is required. A basic knowledge of good software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing is required. Software/hardware integration and software documentation knowledge is required. Exposure to embedded real-time application development as well as cyber detection is a plus. Experience with Python and/or Java highly desirable. Exposure to agile methodologies, software engineering practices, requirements analysis, software design are desirable. Excellent technically oriented verbal and written communications skills are important. The ability to work well individually or as a member of a project team is required. Must have aptitude for continuous learning and interested in leadership opportunities. A current or recent DoD security clearance is desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
