Join our Applied Physics Division! Collaborate with engineering project teams while applying knowledge of acoustic systems and conceptual physics to perform system and device testing, protocol validation, and data analysis. Develop clearly written documentation describing engineering concepts, designs, and project results. Contribute new ideas, approaches, and techniques during project meetings. Prepare formal and informal technical presentations for prospective clients, existing clients, and for conferences. Proposal development, definition of system requirements, concept development, implementation, testing, and integration are also elements to the position. Provide innovative solutions using state-of-the-art technologies and participate in systems' concept to delivery.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in physics, mathematics, computer science, or electrical engineering with 0-2 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Knowledge of acoustic systems and conceptual physics and software development in C, C# is preferred. Familiarity with MATLAB, Python, and low-level development and analysis tools is a plus. Familiarity with multi-physics modeling software is a plus. Requires experience in basic programming (MATLAB, Python), simulations, Microsoft Office products, problem solving, multitasking, spreadsheets, data analysis. Classes or internships using microphones, hydrophones, laser vibrometers, accelerators, and various sound meters is preferred. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Applied Physics home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
