Company: Cyber Warrior Network - - Matching the Talent to the Task.
Job Title: Data Modeler
Location: San Antonio, TX
Clearance Level: Secret
Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree in associated discipline area.



Company Brief:
Cyber Warrior Network (CWN): First Secure Decentralized Cyber Skills, Education and Workforce Ecosystem. Our mission is to create a global cyber talent pipeline of Military Cyber Warriors to solve cyber workforce shortage.

Talent Matching & CWN Culture:
We Connect, Match, Hire and Retain the world's most Battle-tested and Trusted Cyber Talent. We partner with employers that understand the unique skill sets that Military and National Security professionals possess.

Technology:
We understand that its virtually impossible to translate your classified experience via a resume or LinkedIn profile. Our Machine Learning AI will translate and quantify your skills & experience to match you to careers that you're best suited for.

Employer Needs:
CWN "Patriot Employer" is seeking a solution-oriented individual with demonstrated experience/skills:
Database
Data Models
Communication
Solutions
Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading tools
Data Warehouse
Sql
Data Analysis
Architecture
Business Intelligence
Oracle
Career Role Details:
Responsible for developing data models for large enterprise data domains.
Work closely with resources from development, data architecture, and the business units to create an integrated model spanning multiple lines of business and subject areas within the operational database and data warehouse.
Design, build, and maintain the logical and physical data models to support the business.
Minimum Education:
4+ years of industry experience. Carries industry certifications such as a Bachelor’s Degree in associated discipline area.

“Your reputation is more important than your paycheck, and your integrity is worth more than your career.” - Ryan Freitas
Career Role Details:
Responsible for developing data models for large enterprise data domains.
Work closely with resources from development, data architecture, and the business units to create an integrated model spanning multiple lines of business and subject areas within the operational database and data warehouse.
Design, build, and maintain the logical and physical data models to support the business.
Minimum Education:
4+ years of industry experience. Carries industry certifications such as a Bachelor’s Degree in associated discipline area.

“Your reputation is more important than your paycheck, and your integrity is worth more than your career.” - Ryan Freitas
