Additional Information:
This announcement may be used to fill one or more vacancies.

This public notice may be used to fill target grades (e.g. GS-05 Target GS-11).

There may be promotion potential above the GS-11 or equivalent.

The salary range indicated in this announcement will be adjusted to include locality payment for selected duty location. General schedule locality pay table may be found under, https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/salaries-wages/IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience; transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.In order to qualify, you must meet the specialized experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for General Schedule Positions for Professional and Scientific.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. Meeting the basic requirements qualifies for GS-05 position.

Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1500/computer-science-series-1550/

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:
GS-07: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-05 level in the Federal service or equivalent in other pay systems that equipped me with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs) to perform successfully the duties of this position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. An example of this experience includes developing software systems, high-speed computing systems; real time data acquisitions systems, simulation modeling, data analysis and complex electronic instrumentation systems for testing weapon system installation OR 1 year of graduate-level education or superior academic achievement OR a combination of education and experience.

GS-09: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-07 level in the Federal service or equivalent in other pay systems that equipped me with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs) to perform successfully the duties of this position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. An example of this experience includes developing software systems, high-speed computing systems; real time data acquisitions systems OR 2 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a master's degree or master's or equivalent graduate degree OR a combination of education or experience.

GS-11: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 level in the Federal service or equivalent in other pay systems that equipped me with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs) to perform successfully the duties of this position, and that is in or related to the position to be filled. An example of this experience include professional knowledge and abilities applicable to a broad range of computer software development duties; modify standard practices and adapt equipment or techniques to solve a variety of unique and novel problems OR 3 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. degree or Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR a combination of education and experience.

Click on the following link to view qualification requirements for this position:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Knowledge of computer science concepts and principles of standard computer science practices, methods, and techniques to perform,
following specific instructions, routine projects or minor phases of a larger or more complex project.
Knowledge of computer design, simulation or programming software or other appropriate software to perform routine design and analysis
assignments.
Knowledge of computer science and related disciplines to design, develop and adapt scientific methods and techniques to recommend
solutions for computer problems.
Ability to analyze, interpret and apply computer science procedures in a variety of situations and recommend effective solutions.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
