Description

SHIFT: Weekends Only

SCHEDULE: Full-time

Methodist Hospital Stone Oak

Clinical Laboratory Scientist Team Leader

Laboratory Department

Full Time, Non-Exempt

Sat & Sun 6a-6p + Additional Evenings Weekday Shifts

Do you have a passion for healthcare and helping others? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced, patient-centered environment? Jump-start your career in our Laboratory department. Submit your application today!
Benefits:

We offer you an excellent total compensation package, including competitive salary, excellent benefit package and growth opportunities. We believe in our team and your ability to do excellent work with us. Your benefits include 401k, PTO medical, dental, flex spending, life, disability, tuition reimbursement, employee discount program, and employee stock purchase program. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity.

We are seeking a CLS Team Leader to join our team who coordinates and monitors activities of laboratory employees, assists Manager with the personnel management activities, resolves issues (problems) as they arise, and may perform professional level specimen processing and testing. Processes specimens for the section; prepares blood smears and body fluid slides, centrifuges specimens, streaks microbiology plates, prepares specimens for transport to reference labs.

Your role: Clinical Laboratory Scientist Team Leader
Coordinates and monitors daily activities of laboratory employees; assists Manager in personnel management activities that may include work allocation, interviewing, orientation and training, evaluating performance; making recommendations for personnel actions, and motivating employees to achieve peak performance. May conduct employee counseling.
Understands laboratory methods, demonstrates knowledge of pathological processes with correlation of disease states and test results. Performs specimen processing and testing to include moderate and high complexity testing (as appropriate per facility). Assumes accountability for accuracy of test results.
Understands and applies CQI procedures and principles. Communicates any relevant CQI issues to Supervisor or Manager. Designs quality assurance monitors/projects, reports findings, and takes corrective action.
Demonstrates pro-active problem solving skills to include identifying a problem and taking appropriate action; communicates necessary information to Supervisor or Manager.
Acts as a resource to customers, both within and outside the department. Accepts responsibility for own development to include cross-training in other functions or positions to ensure satisfactory operation of the department or to permit flexible staffing assignments.
Reviews, writes or modifies departmental procedures or policies
Qualifications

Qualifications:

A Bachelors degree and 5 years of experience in a clinical laboratory are preferred.

One of the following certifications is required: MT (ASCP), MLS(ASCP), MT (AMT), MT (AAB), CLS (NCA), MT (HEW), MLT(ASCP), or MLT(AMT). The certification requirement is waived for those with a minimum of 10 years of lab experience.

Be a part of an organization that invests in you. We are actively reviewing applications. Qualified candidates will be promptly contacted by our hiring managers for interviews. Submit your application today and help us raise the bar in patient care!

MethodistHospital Stone Oak continues to grow and build on our reputation as a hospitalwhere high-tech and high-touch come together. It is a streamlined,energy-efficient, patient-focused health care facility equipped with the mostmodern technology available. With over 240 beds, services include emergencycare, general surgery, obstetrics and gynecology, neonatology, oncology,neurosurgery, orthopedics, and acute rehab services.

MethodistHospital Stone Oak is accredited by the Joint Commission as a Primary StrokeCenter and Chest Pain Center. The stroke rehabilitation program has received theJoint Commission's Gold Seal of Approval® for Disease-Specific CareCertification of Stroke Rehabilitation. Methodist Hospital Stone Oak belongs tothe Texas Institute for Robotic Surgery and has become a leader in roboticsurgeries with a highly experienced team of surgeons offering this minimallyinvasive option to patients. Surgeons from around the country come to trainunder the facilitys world class team. The hospital has been nationallyrecognized by Leapfrogs Hospital Safety Grade A and by Modern Healthcare asone of the Top 100 Best Places to Work in Healthcare. It also been recognizedas a Joint Commission Top Performer on Key Quality Measures® and byMedicare.gov as #1 in San Antonio and #6 in the entire nation. MethodistHospital Stone Oak is 1 of only 102 hospitals to receive Medicare.govs 5-starrating. For more information, please visit our website at www.sahealth.com andselect Methodist Hospital Stone Oak under Locations.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status

Notice

Our Companys recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1.

Company Description:

HCA Healthcare is a collaborative healthcare network, driven by physicians, nurses and colleagues helping each other champion the practice of medicine to give people a healthier tomorrow. With a comprehensive network of more than 270,000 people across approximately 1,800 care facilities, our scale enables us to deliver great outcomes for our patients, provide superior nursing care and be a preferred place for physicians to practice medicine. We never stop in our pursuit of insights and care advances based on the knowledge and data we gain from approximately 30 million patient encounters a year. Every day, we raise the bar to improve the way healthcare is delivered, not just in our facilities, but everywhere. Were committed to improving more lives in more ways, and above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life.
