Southwest Research Institute is seeking experienced, highly driven, and skilled software engineers for its Defense and Intelligence Solutions (DI&S) division. The Software Engineering Department of DI&S develops advanced information collection, exploitation, and management solutions by architecting, delivering, and supporting enduring software and knowledge ware systems for regional and worldwide networked environments. Your team will consist of motivated developers and other technical staff providing innovative solutions to meet unique technical needs. Opportunities for this position include architecting and developing highly challenging real time embedded systems, signal processing challenges, and intra/inter systems collaboration. Additional opportunities involve developing creative solutions to perform large scale data analysis as well as visualizations of various types of real time and dynamic data sets. Software development at SwRI often involves cradle to grave solutions for a variety of technical and complex Defense and Intelligence applications. Developing and analyzing customer and systems requirements and proposing solutions to meet those requirements. Designing and implementing innovative software solutions Documenting and verifying the system functionality Coordinating with clients and systems engineers to put the software solutions to work in the real world Working in teams as well as independently Working at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government or other customer facilities. A focus area for this opportunity will involve systems that perform radio direction finding, signal acquisition, signal processing on a variety of land, sea, and airborne platforms. Additional tasks could include complex data analytics as well as developing data visualization concept and techniques. The work will include collaborating with client technical representatives and SwRI engineering and software staff. Activities will include work at SwRI facilities/laboratories and short-term travel to government client facilities in the U.S. and overseas for meetings, system installations and support. We are seeking inspired individuals who are looking to join our dynamic team and build a career.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Software Development, Computer Science with at least 2 years of experience in software development processes to produce innovative operational solutions. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have the ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, software implementation and coding, unit and integration testing. We need individuals with a working knowledge of software development using C/C++, Java, Python with Linux being the preferred environment platform. Experience in signal processing, real time embedded systems development, Matlab, web based GUI development, machine learning, and/or data analytics are highly desirable. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to work well individually or as a member of a project team is required. We are seeking people with an aptitude for continuous learning and interested in technical leadership opportunities. A current or recent DoD security clearance is desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
