Join our Perception Systems team to develop perception (computer vision, LIDAR and/or radar) software solutions for various intelligent system applications including, but not limited to, autonomous/automated/unmanned vehicles, mobile robotics, and intelligent vehicle systems. Perform in all phases of the development lifecycle, including requirements definition, hardware/software/systems design, implementation, testing, and integration. Initiate advanced research and development programs, intface with clients, travel to client or other sites, and conduct technical presentations. Additional information about the type of work conducted by the Unmanned Systems Section can be found at: ugv.swri.org.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineer, Computer Engineering or Computer Science with at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Linux and various PC operating systems experience required. C++ and Python development experience required. Must have academic or industry experience in perception (computer vision/image processing, LIDAR and/or radar) software solutions for various intelligent system applications including, but not limited to autonomous/automated/unmanned vehicles, mobile robotics, intelligent vehicle systems, object detection, and semantic segmentation. Strong software skills required. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work well individually or as a member of a project team is required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required. A valid/clear driver's license is required. Experience in the area of perception (computer vision, LIDAR and/or radar) and machine learning is preferred. Experience with neural networks and deep learning frameworks is preferred. Robot Operating System (ROS) experience preferred.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
