Position Details
Title of Position Research Scientist Assistant I/II
Requisition Number BES20200268P
Department Posting Name Biology
Location Main Campus
Recruitment Type External
Position Type This is a Classified, benefits eligible, position.
Grant Funded? Yes
Hours per week 40
If employee will be working a schedule other than Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 5:00pm, specify hours and days to be worked
N/A.
If Temporary, Ending Date
Recruiting Rate RSA I ($29,120-32,750)/Annualized; RSA II ($29,120-$33,500)/Annualized (beginning salary negotiable depending on level of qualifications)
Beginning Salary Flexibility Yes
Pay Basis Salary
Required Education Bachelor's Degree
Do you want to allow additional experience to substitute for required education? No
Preferred Education
Field of Study
Bachelor with major coursework in the field of
Microbiology or Immunology
MS Office Experience Required
Will this position require driving a UT or personally owned vehicle? No
Other Computer and Software Skills Required
None specified.
Experience and Other Skills Required
Level I:
- Bachelor’s degree
- No experience required.
Level II:
- Bachelor’s Degree
- 6 months related research experience.
Do you want to allow additional education to substitute for required experience? No
Other Skills Preferred
N/A.
Description of Job Duties
Under close supervision, conduct research activities include running immunology and microbiology experiments, such as bacterial and tissue culture, rodent tissue sample collection, and ELISA.
Posting Open Date 06/30/2020
Posting Close Date at midnight on 07/13/2020
Open Until Filled No
Special Notes To Applicants
-This position is grant-funded and contingent upon funding availability
Note 1: Based on management’s assessment of finalist candidate, this position will be filled as RSA Level I or II.
Note 2: UTSA is a tobacco-free campus.
Note 3: UTSA is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Note 4: This is a security sensitive position. Employment is contingent upon a successful background check.
Note 5: At the discretion of the hiring department, this position posting may be closed once a sufficient number of qualified applications has been received.
