Join our Intelligent Systems Division. You will be part of a team that develops creative solutions for existing and next-generation technologies for healthcare applications using advanced modeling, artificial intelligence and machine learning. You will have the opportunity to interact with technical clients and colleagues on a frequent basis to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives. Collaborate with your team and work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS, MS, or PhD degree Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Biomedical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or other related disciplines. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have 0-5 years of experience. Must have course work or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, high performance computing including GPUs, network and routing protocols, logic programming and knowledge representation, machine learning/artificial intelligence, software development, signal processing; communications and RF; strong software skills required; experience in C++, C#, and/or Python preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, and/or networking/socket programming is a plus. An interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail. Must have an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
