The purpose of this position is to provide professional and scientific expertise in performance of work requiring knowledge and application of engineering, mathematics, statistical analysis, modeling/simulation, and/or other scientific principles, methods, and techniques.
IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience, transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.This is an interdisciplinary position that may be filled as an Electronics Engineer/Computer Scientist, GG-0855/1550-13

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: 0855 - Electronics Engineer Successfully completed a professional engineering degree: The curriculum must be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional engineering curriculum or include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. Such education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work. NOTE: YOU MUST SUBMIT COPIES OF YOUR OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPTS. OR Combination of education and experience that is college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying professional engineering; and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: 1550 COMPUTER SCIENTIST Requires a Bachelor's degree in computer science or a bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. Courses designed to provide an introduction to computer science techniques and methodologies, to problems of system design, and to other specialized fields are acceptable. Courses or experience in teaching elementary business, or shop mathematics are not acceptable.

Examples of creditable experience include: professional knowledge and mastery of a broad range of engineering, mathematics, statistical analysis, modeling/simulation, and/or other scientific concepts, principles, standards, methods, techniques, practices, and procedures.

Please click on the following links to view individual occupational requirements:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800/
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1500/computer-science-series-1550/

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Professional knowledge of engineering, mathematics, statistical analysis, modeling/simulation, and/or other scientific concepts, principles, standards, methods, techniques, practices, and procedures.
Knowledge and understanding of agency, AF, Department of Defense (DoD) and national-level doctrine, regulations, policies, guidelines, requirements, and initiatives related to assigned program(s) and/or project(s).
Knowledge of security procedures to maintain control of classified material.
Skill in applying analytical and evaluative techniques to identify, investigate, resolve complex issues or problems, and modify standard practices and techniques to solve complex interrelated problems.
Skill, judgment, resourcefulness, originality, and ability to foresee the impact of changing technology.
Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing, in order to produce highly technical reports, position papers, and briefings; resolve conflicts based on mature judgment and experience; effectively negotiate complex issues; and maintain good working relationships.
Must have in-depth knowledge of EW systems and a minimum of 5 years working in EW or an EW related field.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
