Field Scientist

08-Jun-2020

Service Line
Environmental

Office Name
San Antonio

Job Description
General Responsibilities:

The successful candidate for this position will primarily be responsible conducting fieldwork, report writing, and exhibit preparation for small projects associated with renewable energy, private construction, oil and gas, and transportation. This position will assist mid and senior level biologists and natural resource experts within San Antonio and throughout Texas. Must be able to work in physically demanding field conditions. Frequent overnight travel will be required.

Essential Roles and Responsibilities:
Assist with and ultimately perform field investigations including wetland delineations, threatened and endangered species habitat surveys, as well as assist with Phase I ESAs site visits and stormwater compliance inspections
Assist with USACE permit applications and report preparation for local, state and federal agencies
Assist with National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) documents.
Prepare figures and exhibits using ArcGIS/ArcMap
Apply standard practices and techniques in specific situations, adjusts and correlates data, recognizes discrepancies in results and follows operations through a series of related steps or processes.
Performs other office, laboratory, or field studies that may be assigned by more senior level professional staff
Complete field forms efficiently and correctly
Use GPS devices and tablets
Maintain quality standards on all projects
Requirements:
Associates of Science or Bachelor of Science in natural resources, ecology, or related disciplines degree.
Knowledge/plant identification of species located in South Texas is preferred
Knowledge of ArcGIS
Willing to work within rural areas in extreme weather conditions
Experience utilizing handheld GPS units
Valid driver’s license with acceptable violation history
Ability to work in uneven terrain and long hours in an outdoor environment
Willing to travel overnight for an extended period of time
Follow safety rules, guidelines and standards for all projects. Participate in pre-task planning. Report any safety issues or concerns to management
Capability to drive full-sized pick-up trucks.
Valid driver’s license with acceptable violation history.
Preferred Certification:
Certification in field of expertise.
Exemption
Exempt

Requisition ID
14299BR

Posting Title
Field Scientist

Employment Type
Regular, Full Time

City, State (Office Location)
San Antonio, TX

About Terracon
Terracon is a 100 percent employee-owned consulting engineering firm providing quality services to clients. Since 1965, Terracon has evolved into a successful multi-discipline firm specializing in environmental, facilities, geotechnical, and materials services. Terracon currently has more than 5,000 employees in more than 150 offices with services available in all 50 states. Terracon’s growth is due to valued employees exceeding expectations in client service and growing their careers with new and exciting opportunities in the marketplace.

Terracon offers an excellent compensation and benefits package including: medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid holidays.

EEO Statement
Terracon is an EEO employer. We encourage qualified minority, female, veteran and disabled candidates to apply and be considered for open positions. We do not discriminate against any applicant for employment, or any employee because of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender, disability, age, or military status.

Job Category
Scientist

Terracon's COVID-19 Safety Response
Committed to Our Employee Safety!

Terracon is passionate about your safety before, during, and after the COVID-19 pandemic. As Terracon continues to move forward and grow through this time, we are continuing to take every precaution to ensure the safety of our employee-owners. If you are as committed to your success as we are committed to your safety, then Terracon is the company for you!

Our goal has not changed. For Terracon, our guiding principle has been and will continue to be the safety of our employee-owners. It’s that simple. We want our employees to be able to work safely in every situation and go home safely each night. As we continue our vision of being “Best at People,” here are some of the things Terracon is doing to safeguard every employee-owner:
On-going communication with ALL employee-owners on a dedicated COVID Response page, and a portal for their families to have access to resources as well
Requiring specific COVID-19 Pre-Task Safety Planning Protocols for all tasks and projects
Empowering employees to speak up and say “no” to working in unsafe conditions
Providing an additional 40 hours of sick leave to anyone impacted by COVID-19, including those impacted by daycare and school closures
Offering voluntary reduced work schedule for anyone needing extra time to care for others
Load leveling work assignments across regions to maintain high productivity and chargeability
Ensuring proper PPE and sanitation on all project sites by providing field employee-owners with mobile hand washing stations and supplies, masks, and sanitizing kits
Utilizing technology for more remote work opportunities and innovation using everything from video conferencing to drones
Following all CDC guidelines including social distancing on job sites, in offices, and in our labs
Implementing a stand-by leave program to ensure our employees continue service and health insurance benefits during regional work shortages
If your passion lies in working with a company that truly cares for your safety, and if you’re interested in belonging to a 100% employee-owned organization that will help you grow and quickly progress in your career, consider Terracon and apply today!
