We are expanding our team working on leading technologies in industrial robotics and are looking for talented and motivated candidates to join us. Qualified candidates have the opportunity to work in a flexible and stimulating environment on diverse technical challenges in applied research and development. Job responsibilities will include: Provide technical leadership in the development and application of advanced robotic solutions for industrial, manufacturing, and defense clients. Manage open source repositories and collaborate with international teams on open source development. Design, build, debug and install industrial robotic and automation systems. Develop and test new manufacturing and industrial processes. Develop software for industrial controls and manufacturing systems. Lead the preparation of proposals and cost estimates. Interact with customers to establish requirements and desired program outcomes. Lead and manage technical projects. Travel on an as needed basis to conduct project work. Perform other duties as assigned.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS, MS or PhD in Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have at least 5 years experience with both managing projects and developing robotics systems. Beneficial skills include: ROS (Robot Operating System) development, OpenCV and vision system development, optimal and search-based planning for high degree of freedom systems, open source software project management. Beneficial knowledge includes: custom robot development, application of industrial robotics, mobile robotics, 2D/3D computer vision, path planning for robotics, machine learning, optimization, perception/sensing for robot guidance, localization. Project Management Professional credential, or comparable credential, is a plus. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
