The primary purpose of this position is to serve as a Biological Scientist participating in project management, execution, and operations responsibility in assigned project(s) within an assigned program element.IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience; transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.In order to qualify, you must meet the specialized experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for General Schedule Positions, Professional and Scientific

BASIC REQUIREMENT:
A. Degree: Bachelor's degree (or higher degree) in biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, chemistry, or related disciplines appropriate to the position.

OR

B. Combination of Education and Experience: Courses equivalent to a major, as shown in A above, plus appropriate experience or additional education.

Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0400/general-natural-resources-management-and-biological-sciences-series-0401/

In addition to meeting the basic requirement above, to qualify for this position you must also meet the qualification requirements listed below:

GS-13: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience includes professional knowledge of a wide range of environmental biological scientific concepts to include climate and hydrological science methods, guidelines, standards, research techniques, and state of the art capabilities and ability to resolve highly complex and difficult meteorological and climate science problems and issues.

GS-14: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience includes professional knowledge of environmental biological scientific concepts, principles, methodology, and practices and familiarity with other professional disciplines (e.g., engineering, community planning, and environmental science) to independently perform routine projects with complete responsibility, or portions of large and complex projects.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Ability to demonstrate the highest degree of judgment, resourcefulness, management skills, and oral and written communications.
Knowledge of concepts, principles and practices of environmental engineering that enables the employee to serve as the technical authority in the development of guidance, criteria, and standards for implementing and managing Environmental Analysis.
Knowledge of environmental protection concepts, principles, techniques and practices to enable the incumbent to make reasoned judgments on process improvement.
Knowledge and skill to apply the latest developments in management practices to resolve problems for which accepted methods are not applicable.
Knowledge in environment quality that involve Federal, state, DoD and Air Force policies, directives, and regulations. Knowledge of safety and security regulations, practices, and procedures.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
