Company Description

Since time began, the earth’s been a generous contributor to people’s well-being. We haven’t been around quite that long, but The Nature’s Bounty Co. has been enriching lives of consumers around the world for more than 70 years. And before we even got started, the world was developing our motivation: Nature’s bountiful effects on people’s health.

Through our years, we’ve been a leader in health and wellness with our innovative products and solutions. We put science and the highest quality standards at the heart of our business—that’s why The Nature’s Bounty Co. brands are some of the most trusted in the world. We’re a leading global manufacturer, marketer, distributor and retailer of vitamins, nutritional supplements, sports & active nutrition, and ethical beauty products.

We’re also a great place to work, with excellent benefits, competitive compensation and a progressive, healthy company culture. If you’ve ever spent your workdays watching the clock, you know how important a positive work environment is for a person’s well-being. The Nature’s Bounty Co. is committed to supporting wellness in all its forms. And when it comes to wellness, nature is a pretty good place to start.

Job Description

The Nature's Bounty Co.'s Technical Services Team is currently recruiting for a Sr. Scientist to support gummy formulation, manufacturing and technology initiatives who will work closely with multi-functional teams to help improve current products, address manufacturing issues, evaluate new technologies and/or ingredients, seek cost savings and maintain networks of external partners. Project goals are accomplished with the supervision of the support Supply Chain technicians and scientists.

Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Gather and analyze data on processes to determine recommendations for improvement; generate conceptual equipment designs, process flows, productivity models
Create standard operating procedures, user requirement specifications, basis of design, qualification documents, and work flows
Provide project status and update reports to management and customers to ensure visibility; maintain project plans and other project documentation in an organized and secure fashion; conduct toll gate meetings with management in response to major scope changes to a project, or prior to major milestones being met
Inform management in a timely manner of risks to product revenue generation; review the revenue forecast and work with Finance to ensure the forecast for all billed items are accurate and up to date
Leading and managing projects for the introduction of new products, equipment and processes to meet all safety, quality, regulatory and operational requirements.
Process mapping, gap analysis/identification for new and existing pharmaceutical manufacturing processes.
Process development (as part of technical transfer), troubleshooting and optimization.
Executing process and equipment trials and verification.
Leading cross functional teams as part of project planning and deployment including collaboration with supporting departments such as Production/Operations, Quality, Safety, Regulatory Affairs, Facilities and Engineering, Supply Chain and Finance, Project scoping and gap analysis.
Assist with equipment specification/design/procurement/installation and validation.
Optimization of existing processes to achieve product output targets.
Coordinating changes using the approved change control procedure to ensure that cGMP is adhered to.
Generation, review and approval of project documentation (Scope, User Requirement Specifications etc), trial reports and Standard Operating Procedures.
Provide technical support to troubleshooting technical issues and assisting with process investigations.
Involvement in Continuous Improvement activities including but not limited TPM and Six-Sigma.
To facilitate and participate in meetings and workshops as part of Project and Continuous Improvement activities.
Develop user materials (e.g. SOPs + training aids) and provide training on equipment/process functionality.
Perform technical review of updates to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) related to the equipment/process.
Qualifications
Bachelors in Engineering or physical sciences, including, but not limited to: Chemistry, Chemical, Pharmaceutical or Mechanical Engineering, or Pharmacy; all with work experience in a Gummy production environment.
5+ years of relevant work experience in gummy manufacturing utilizing Mogul machinery highly preferred
Working knowledge of project management principles and concepts in a cGMP environment
2+ years of project management experience or other experience that demonstrates successful team leadership and project completion
PC skills, including proficiency with Microsoft Project, Excel and standard tools in project management; proficiency in CAD software, Autocad, Solidworks, etc.
Strong project management skills
Ability to communicate and collaborate with external partners and scientific experts
Ability to lift approximately 40 pounds
Additional Information

The Nature's Bounty Co. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

The Nature's Bounty Co. offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package, which includes health and dental plans, voluntary short-term and long-term disability, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, generous associate discounts and more!

Please contact Human Resources at 631-244-2120 if you should need a reasonable accommodation to submit your information for our online job postings.
