Climb to new heights on your journey when you start Defining Possible with Northrop Grumman. Enjoy a purposeful career in aeronautics that is crucial to the way we connect and protect our world across land, sea, and air. Bring your experience and take advantage of this opportunity to discover how you can start to push past possible and achieve your goals today. Enjoy a diverse, collaborative environment with professionals across the nation ready to help launch your career.

Creates data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. Analysis may have many applications such as to address a business issue or provide a competitive advantage for the organization. Requires strong statistical and data visualization skills.

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications:
BS in Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Engineering related discipline
9+ years of relevant experience in analytics with BS, 7 Years with Masters
Strong data mining, algorithm development, and analytic skills
Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, R, Java, or C++
Excellent communication and team player skills
Ability to obtain a secret security clearance
Preferred Qualifications
Masters degree is preferred
Experience with Hadoop, SQL and building multi-dimensional models
Proficiency in analytical modeling and statistical tools such as Matlab, SAS, or SPSS
Ability to provide solutions to a variety of technical problems of increasing scope and complexity

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
