Position Summary:

As an Associate Integration Scientist 1 at Illumina you will work in a dynamic, team-oriented environment and help create and test genomic analysis tools used in the leading edge of research. You will participate in the development of high quality, robust products through the integration of hardware, software and chemistry components. You will also design and execute test plans and optimize systems product performance. A major part of the role will be to work with internal partners to ensure that our products are fully tested and diagnose any issues through troubleshooting experiments and root cause analysis.

Responsibilities:
Hands-on testing and integration of DNA sequencing systems - hardware, firmware, software, chemistry/reagents, and application components
Execute design verification and validation test plans, collect data and prepare reports
Tracking and logging of issues encountered during the development process
Work effectively within a cross-functional project team (development, manufacturing, marketing, service, etc.)
Write new procedures for instrument testing and quality control
Support product development through troubleshooting
Listed responsibilities are an essential, but not exhaustive list, of the usual duties associated with the position. Changes to individual responsibilities may occur due to business needs.

Requirements:
Demonstrate understanding of DNA sequencing systems and techniques
Experience working on prototypes and strong system troubleshooting skills
Must be meticulous and detail oriented
Solid communication and scientific writing skills required
Fast learner with can-do attitude
A good team worker with ability to troubleshoot problems independently
Competent in data analysis software, capable to handle large set of data. Those with basic coding/scripting (VB, Python, Matlab etc.) are preferred.
Desire to be part of a fast paced, multidisciplinary and dynamic environment
Bachelor degree in Science, Engineering background; Master degree preferred
All listed requirements are deemed as essential functions to this position; however, business conditions may require reasonable accommodations for additional task and responsibilities.

Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
