Duties
Help

Duties

Summary

You will serve as a Materials Engineer in the DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.

THIS IS AN EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY ANNOUNCEMENT. The Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) FY 2009 provides that the Secretary of Defense can designate acquisition positions as shortage positions and recruit and appoint highly qualified persons to these positions.

Learn more about this agency

Responsibilities
Duties and responsibilities vary and increase according to grade level.
Travel Required

Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

None
Job family (Series)
0806 Materials Engineering
Requirements
Help

Requirements

Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify/.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
May be required to successfully complete a pre-appointment physical examination.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) and requires additional education, training and experience. Positions may be in any DAWIA Career Field at Level I, II, or III.
This position may be designated Critical Acquisition Position (CAP). You must be a member of the Acquisition Corps, become a member, or obtain a waiver at the time of selection and sign a three-year tenure agreement prior to assuming the position.
Successful completion of a pre-employment drug test (including marijuana) may be required. A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if you fail to report to the drug test appointment or pass the test. You will be subject to random testing.
May be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Supervisors in the executive branch have a heightened personal responsibility for advancing government ethics. Those selected for a supervisory position will be required to review the 14 General Principles of Ethical Conduct at 5 CFR 2635.101.
Warrant authority above the small purchase threshold may be required.
Positions may be eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.
You may be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card to make official government purchases for goods and services.
You may be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You may need to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
Qualifications

In addition to the basic education requirements, applicants must meet the following minimum qualifications:

FOR THE GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed the basic education requirement

FOR THE GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Applicants must also possess at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-05 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

utilizing basic techniques, procedures, and methods; understanding and completing limited engineering designs and projects; carrying out, interpreting, and explaining basic computations and calculations; and reading, understanding, manipulating analyzing, interpreting, and conveying findings.

FOR THE GS-09 (or equivalent pay band)Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: researching, interpreting, and carrying out engineering assignments.

FOR THE GS-11(or equivalent pay band): Applicants must also possess at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) researching, interpreting, and carrying out engineering assignments; AND 2) providing technical input on the planning, design, construction, testing, or maintenance of projects.

FOR THE GS-12 (or equivalent pay band): Applicants must also possess at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) researching, interpreting, and carrying out engineering assignments; 2) providing technical input on the planning, design, construction, testing, or maintenance of projects; AND 3) collecting and analyzing engineering data to solve problems, develop reports, and provide recommendations.

FOR THE GS-13 (or equivalent pay band): Applicants must also possess at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) researching, interpreting, and carrying out engineering assignments; 2) providing technical input on the planning, design, construction, testing, or maintenance of projects; 3) collecting and analyzing engineering data to solve problems, develop reports, and provide recommendations; AND 4) prepare, present, and evaluate plans, designs, reports, and correspondence.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:

https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF

Individual Occupational Requirements link:

https: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf

Education

Applicants must meet the following basic education requirements of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual:

Successfully completed a bachelor's degree (or higher) in engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree (or higher) in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. Such education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position.

or

Have a combination of college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following: (I) Professional registration or licensure: Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration; or (II) Written Test: Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico; or (III) Specified academic courses: Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A (above). The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A (above); or (IV) Related curriculum: Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least one year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily, there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions.

FOR THE GS 05: Bachelor Degree in Engineering

FOR THE GS-07: have successfully completed one full year of grad level education. OR have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement. OR

have successfully completed an engineering bachelor's degree and have one year of appropriate experience as a technician equivalent to the GS-05 grade level or higher. OR

have successfully completed a 5 year program of study of at least 160 semester hours leading to a bachelor's degree in engineering.

FOR THE GS-09: have successfully completed two full years of progressively higher graduate level education leading to a master's degree. OR

have successfully completed a master's or equivalent grad degree. OR

have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement and I have one year of professional engineer experience that required and was characterized by 1) professional knowledge of engineer, 2) professional ability to apply such knowledge to engineer problems, and 3) positive and continuing development of professional knowledge and ability. OR

have successfully completed a 5 year program of study of at least 160 semester hours leading to a bachelor's degree in engineering and have one year of appropriate professional experience that required and was characterized by 1) professional knowledge of engineering, 2) professional ability to apply such knowledge to engineering problems, and 3) positive and continuing development of professional knowledge and ability.

or

have 3 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. degree or Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degre

NOTE: Education and experience may be combined for all grade levels for which both education and experience are acceptable.

Applications will be accepted from students who expect to complete qualifying education within 9 months from the date of application. If you expect to complete your education within 9 months, please respond to the questionnaire items as if you had already completed your education. We are required to verify that the education has been completed successfully before any applicant can be appointed (report to work).
