Our vision at Petco
is Healthier Pets. Happier People. Better World. We’re making things
better for pets, people and the planet through our Think Adoption First
philosophy, the Petco Foundation and other important initiatives that focus on
putting animals first, educating pet parents and reducing our carbon footprint.
The journey starts with knowledgeable, passionately engaged associates who are
proud to recommend Petco as a place to work, who believe in our Vision and who
are committed to delivering a superior customer experience.

From our retail stores
and our network of Distribution Centers to our Corporate offices, you'll work
with others who share your values and commitment. We seek individuals who are
passionate about animal welfare, have great people skills and are driven to
grow and advance in their careers with us. Our ongoing growth is creating
exceptional opportunities for professional development and personal enrichment
throughout our organization.

Position Purpose

This Data Scientist position
is responsible for leveraging strategic insights, advanced analytics, data
science, and market research to understand customer behavior trends, product
relationships, competitive price position, and marketing opportunities in order
to maximize financial performance and deliver an exceptional customer
experience.

Within
the team, you combine advanced analytical skills and big data techniques with
strong business acumen to build predictive models aimed at providing actionable
solutions to some of the most pressing and high-value business problems we
face. You will actively engage and influence the business with your models and
algorithms as well as consult on implementation of new strategies.

Essential
Job Functions The incumbent must be able
to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable accommodation.
Develop and implement behavioral
and predictive models that drive customer value and achieve strategic
business objectives (machine learning, linear & logistic regression,
clustering, statistical sampling, A/B testing, and text mining/sentiment
analysis).
Go beyond delivering insights and
instead translate business questions into concrete solutions that can be
effectively executed and operationalized to improve value.
Utilize deep experience
manipulating large volumes of information from a variety of disparate
sources into clean data sets; proficient use of SQL/Hive and other data
mining tools is required.
Partner with the IT team to stay
current on the latest trends in big data technologies. Contribute to new
data tools and system integrations, and lead projects to continuously
improve data quality, computing power, and query optimization.
Create compelling data
visualizations and develop new performance metrics to quantify the value
of corporate initiatives and highlight trends in consumer behavior.
Present findings to executive
leadership by effectively translating complex data and methodologies into
clear insights, opportunities, and tangible business actions.
Display deep intellectual
curiosity, creativity, and commitment to learning in order to solve
critical business problems and push the boundary of our capabilities.
Supervisory Responsibility: No direct reports.
Incumbent will collaborate and lead cross-functional business projects.

Work Environment: The majority of job duties are conducted while
seated indoors at a computer terminal with little or no exposure to
hazards. Occasional travel may be required for presentations, training,
and convention.

Education/Experience:

M.S. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics preferred with 3 years experience applying data mining techniques to real business problems
Expertise in one or more of R, Python, SAS; deep understanding of Machine Learning and Data Mining techniques.
Experience building large data sets across disparate sources (SQL, Hive, Pig).
Familiarity with basic principles of distributed computing/databases (Hadoop, NoSQL).
Experience with retail industry, customer-level demographic and transactional data a must.
Experience with web API’s, clickstream and mobile app engagement/telemetry data a plus.
Proven ability to deploy new analytic and data manipulation techniques.
Ability to think conceptually and creatively about problems and solutions.
Strong interpersonal communication, verbal and written, due to the nature and level of interaction with senior management.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize workload and ability to manage multiple projects while meeting deadlines.



#LI-DNI

Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification.
