Where good people build rewarding careers.

Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.
Job Description
Allstate Benefits is a leading provider of voluntary insurance. We are committed to providing superior products and services with cutting edge technology, exceptional customer service and compassionate claims administration. With over 40,000 groups in force and insuring more than 3 million employees, we deliver the promise of the Good Hands every day!

The Software Engineer's primary responsibility is to liaison with business and IT teams to understand business needs, Allstates vision, growth plans, long term strategy and create a future looking, cost effective and robust Solution. The Solution needs to be well architected to tie together business requirements with secure, innovative, scalable and high-performing technologies. The solution Architect will guide the strategic solution from ideation to implementation. The candidate should bring in experience architecting/re-architecting large enterprise systems along with hands on development skills in integration, application development and UI space. The ideal candidate needs to be technology agnostic, forward thinking and have excellent learnability to be able to understand current landscape, system limitations and scale up in key business areas to an expert level.
Key Responsibilities
Key Responsibilities

Define and Translate end to end Platform Solution Architecture for Transformation working with both Business and Technology teams Application Design, Integration Services, Security, Data & Hybrid Cloud Native Architecture on-premise and Private/Public Cloud services, CRM and Security
Understate, Translate & resolve Business Process and Problems into future state Industry leading Technology Solutions.
Drive Transformation Program and communicate technology strategy to leaders and knowledge workers via roadmaps, conceptual diagrams and solution documents
Develop reusable patterns, practices, and reference architectures through research and Proof of Concept builds
Assist in development of Architecture runway for transformation solution
Collaborate with Enterprise Architects, Information Architects, Application Architects and various delivery groups in finalizing overall solution
Provide consultation to teams on the tactical application of reference architectures and the strategic direction of enterprise technology
Hold summits with technologists and business people to identify opportunities for innovation
Using independent research and analysis of industry and technology trends, provide actionable ideas for innovation and business capability development
Author reference architectures and positions that support the design, deployment and support of complex systems that deliver business functionality
Verify conformance to architectural patterns, practices and enterprise/departmental reference architecture
Identify, evaluate and vet technologies for use in the enterprise technology landscape
Drive change from within IT through communication with teams regarding processes, standards and culture
Support vendor selection and analysis process by evaluating vendor architecture's fit within the Domain
Conduct Maturity assessment of current state Architecture as applicable
Job Qualifications
Job Qualifications

Education:
College Degree with technical study or equivalent experience

Experience:
5+ years technical experience in Solution architecture/design Target State Architecture (TSA)
Experience with Java/J2EE as part of solution design
Experience refactoring and/or re-platforming applications to run in AWS or Azure cloud environments including Hybrid cloud.
Experience and knowledge in web and API including security authentication, authorization, OAuth, OWASP, OpenID, and SAML
Experience with NoSQL technologies such as MongoDB and Hadoop
Experience working with distributed technologies:
Integration and Design Patterns
Messaging interfaces (MQ, JMS)
Business Process Modeling
Excellent documentation, communication & team building skills.
Experience in developing applications using full stack.

Preferred:
Platform Services Application development Java/J2EE, Spring boot, Microservices, .NET Core, Entity Framework
Full- stack application development RESTFUL APIs, Angular, Node JS, React, SQL/NoSQL DB
Data & Analytics ORACLE/SQL DB, NoSQL DB, Big Data Services, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Caching services, DW reporting and management, REDSHIFT, Snowflake etc.
CI/CD Pipeline services for Build and Automation Jenkins/Maven, JSON templates
Hybrid Cloud Native Platform Solution Knowledge of Containerize Framework, PCF, Kubernetes, Public Private Cloud services, AWS/MS Azure/GCP/OpenShift
Security Both App to App and IAM, Authentication/Authorization policy and regulations process and procedures, data privacy
Large scale legacy Application Transformation
Experience with Cloud Technologies
Domain knowledge: Benefits Insurance Experience
Insurance Technology and Tools services

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click here for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click here for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the EEO is the Law poster click here. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click here. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Companys policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employees ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.
