At Seer, we pride ourselves on innovation; standing out among the rest and enabling our clients to do the same. We're a Digital Marketing Agency powered by Big Data to drive integrated, holistic strategy for our clients. We get excited at the thought of bringing together millions of data points from disparate data sets (including qualitative!) to drive empathy-fueled opportunities and insights at scale. Big Data, automation, and problem solving at scale: it's what's for breakfast. Could this be love? Maybe.

What about you? You’re a data-obsessed problem-solver. You pay attention to the details without losing sight of the big picture. You know how to think critically and turn business problems into data problems. You’re quick to pick up patterns and patient enough to identify long-term trends. You're detail-oriented, logical, and endlessly curious about how big data is used to inform digital marketing.
Here are some highlights of what you'll be doing...
You’ll be entrenched in the data; working across divisions to turn business problems into data problems through critical thinking and consulting skills
You’ll help manage Seer’s data warehouse leveraging BigQuery and SQL expertise to optimize queries and drive other cost-saving opportunities
You’ll work within our data warehouse, using BigQuery and pulling business insights out of data
You’ll create dashboards in Data Studio & Power BI to display data for greater cross-divisional analysis and crafting strategy
You’ll complete cross-divisional training, gaining a strong foundation of PPC, SEO, Analytics, and how they all work together
You'll contribute to the Seer blog, industry forums, and grow your thought leadership skills from the ground up
The skills you'll bring to the table...
You're an innovator. You're excited to work with Big Data and use your experience in SQL to problem solve and answer business questions
You've worked with data visualization tools, specifically Power BI and/or Data Studio
You have relevant internship experience or hands-on project experience working with data
You take initiative and can self-direct in the absence of detailed guidelines
You’re comfortable managing deadlines for multiple deliverables and thrive in a fast-paced, open environment
You have a strong sense of self, which means you’re able to say no, deliver feedback, have the confidence to provide input, etc.
Bonus Points...
You have experience leveraging Python and APIs to access new data sources not available in the data warehouse
You can interpret API instructions and build MVPs to transfer data from an API into a database or flat file.
You have an understanding of digital marketing data, specifically SEO and PPC. Perhaps you’ve even worked in a marketing agency!? We should definitely chat!!


Sometimes the best opportunities are hidden by self-doubt. We disqualify ourselves before we have the opportunity to be considered. Regardless of where you came from, how you identify, or the path that led you here-- you are welcome. If you read this job description with a belly full of excitement, we’re just as excited about you. You’ve gotta apply though :)
