PURPOSE OF THE JOB

The purpose of this job is to provide analyses of internal and external data sources in support of key business functions. The Data Scientist performs data analysis to support portfolio management and operations goals.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Provides quantitative analysis for portfolio management decisions.
Uses advanced data mining techniques to discover patterns, insights, and trends in ICW data.
Collaborates with other scientists and ICW groups to ensure effective execution of data-drive initiatives.
Collects, aggregates, and analyzes data from multiple internal and external sources for use in advanced analytics.
Writes and maintains code to build and maintain data pipelines for production models.
Develops high quality, replicable predictive and descriptive analytics for business use.
Analyzes, refines, and documents functional requirements for modeling projects.
Drives insights into business performance optimization.
Evaluates complex business and system requirements to create detailed business user requirements, system documentation, workflow procedures, and data modeling.
Develops an understands the business issues and data challenges of the organization in order to provide meaningful insights.
Communicates findings and insight to stakeholders and provide business strategy recommendations for optimizing business performance.
Evaluates the business and end user data requirements and develops analytical and reporting solutions to address those needs.
Understands and translates business requirements into functional requirements.
Improves workflows and business processes in assigned business units.
Aids in the analysis of current business processes; makes recommendations to management for new, more efficient, workflows, and processes.
Develops or assists with developing functional specifications and system design specifications for assigned projects.
Uses analytics and metrics to improve processes and provide data-driven forecasts of potential costs, risks, and profits of new business initiatives.
Provides reporting solutions and responds to ad-hoc report requests across multiple business areas.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

This role does not have supervisory responsibilities.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university preferred with a major or emphasis in Mathematics, Data, Computer Science or related field. Minimum 3 years of related technical experience and/or training required or equivalent combination of education and experience. Or Master’s degree plus one-year experience in related discipline. Insurance industry experience preferred.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS

None required.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS

Demonstrated experience with statistical modeling techniques, especially generalized linear models, cluster analysis, latent class analysis, and factor analysis. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of machine learning techniques, including random forests, gradient boosted machines, extreme gradient boosting, and support vector machines.

Knowledge of and experience with contemporary model validation methods, including cross validation and nested cross validation. Knowledge of databases and database methodology; experience with SQL Server is a plus. NoSQL database experience is beneficial. Knowledge of data warehouse principles, data modeling, and other business intelligence architecture methods is desirable. Experience with contemporary reporting tools is desired.

Demonstrated knowledge and experience with open source analytics platforms, such as Python and/or R. Working knowledge in analytic platforms such as Sagemaker, TensofFlow and Keras a plus. Process and model documentation using Markdown or other electronic means and experience using Git and GitLab are desired.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

Office environment– no specific or unusual physical or environmental demands and employees are regularly required to sit, walk, stand, talk, and hear.

COMPETENCIES

This position maps to the Individual Contributor level. Additional competencies required: None.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

This position operates in an office environment and requires the frequent use of a computer, telephone, copier, and other standard office equipment.
