Job Description
Job Title: Scientist

Location: San Diego, California, US

Job Type: Contract

Duration: 12 Months

Job Description:

Summary/Scope:
The Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology Group in Oncology TRC focuses on delivering novel cancer therapeutics by engaging E3 ubiquitin ligases for targeted protein degradation. We are seeking a motivated Associate Scientist with experience in drug discovery and in vitro pharmacology to participate in research focused on protein homeostasis for cancer therapeutics. The successful candidate will work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary environment to use cell-based assays in support of discovery of small molecules as development candidates (DCs) for clinical, design and execute in vitro studies to further our understanding of the mechanisms of novel compounds.
Oncology TRC:
The Oncology TRC in Client is one of the fundamental research and early development engines delivering therapeutics to patients. The group integrates discovery research through translational and early clinical development and focuses on numerous aspects of protein homeostasis including the ubiquitin-proteasome system, protein translation, and RNA processing and stability. This thematic focus allows the group to capitalize on the cutting edge science that underpins the action of the company’s most advanced drugs. Not being bound by disease area or therapeutic modality creates a very dynamic, exciting and creative environment that exploits excellent science in biology, biochemistry, structural biology, computational biology and translational development.
Responsibilities Will Include But Are Not Limited To The Following:
Design and conduct in vitro experiments in cell biology (Transfection, Immunofluorescence, lenti-virus production), biochemistry (Western blot), molecular biology (DNA cloning), and assay development (ELISA, bDNA) with minimum supervision.
Engineer cells by editing genes by CRISPR-KO and -KI or by modulating gene expression by shRNA and characterize the cell models.
Maintain cell cultures and characterize cancer cell lines.
Develop and implement relevant cell based assays to support identification, optimization, and characterization of novel chemical matter
Analyze and present data in an organized and timely manner
Work within and support biology needs for drug discovery teams
Requirements:
Understand cancer biology, biochemistry and molecular and cell biology.
Keen on new technologies and familiarity with various cellular assays in high-throughput formats and automation equipment.
Strong data handling skills including importing/exporting data into/from database, organizing data for easy interpretation and experience with a variety of scientific/data analysis software applications.
Excellent communication, presentation, collaboration and organizational skills as well as ability to write protocols and technical reports with precision.
Multitasking, capability to pay attention to details, stay focused on key objectives, and deliver high quality data in a timely and well organized manner is essential.
Ability to work in a fast-paced dynamic team environment, flexibility to adapt to changes with a positive attitude.
PhD is a plus but not required
About ASK: ASK Staffing is an award-winning technology and professional services recruiting firm servicing Fortune 500 organizations nationally. With 5 nationwide offices, two global delivery centers, and employees in 42 states-ASK Staffing connects people with amazing opportunities

Reach Out To A Recruiter

Recruiter: Debasis Banerjee

Email: debasisb@askstaffing.com

Phone: 678-785-3670
