Client Solution Architects

CSA is a Federal Contractor and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

remote Mid Atlantic - Program Management Contingent

CSA is seeking a Data Analyst to join our team. This position is contingent upon award.

Duties and responsibilites are but not limited to the following:

Assesses complex data systems and programs in support of ad-hoc and standing management or customer requests.

Creates programs, methodologies, and files for analyzing and presenting data.

Examines data quality, applications, and functions.

Produces output and sustains operation.

Researches new data sources and analytical tools.

Contributes to new product development and improvement in product delivery and presentation.

Develops awareness of and familiarity with issues and events affecting organization, department, and/or customer.

Uses and supports database applications and analytical tools.

Uses timely and appropriate participation of users/customers in data collection and query systems.

Provides accurate and appropriate interpretation of data, applying knowledge to evaluation, analysis, and interpretation of data.

Develops appropriate methodologies for collecting, analyzing, and presenting data products.

Develops useful and insightful information from a variety of data sources.

Works with management and/or customers to develop and understand product specifications.

Communicates regularly and effectively with team members and management, and communicates results effectively to management and/or customers.

Delivers data products in report/presentation format, or verbally, to management and/or customer specifications and timelines.

Points out system or process problems when noticed and engages the team in problem solving.

Facilitates satisfactory communication and resolution of problems.

Required Qualifications
5 years of relevant experience; DoD preferred
B.S., Computer Science or related field; can be substituted with 4 years relevant experience
Ability to obtain a DoD Secret clearance
Applicants may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; an active United States Department of Defense security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

CSA Rocks! We are a rapidly growing consulting firm recognized for being one of America's Fastest Growing Companies on the Inc. 5000 list for a record 7 years in a row, averaging an 81% increase in revenues for each of the past three years. So how do we do it? It's no secret, we owe the past 15 years of our success to our outstanding and ambitious team members. To support our hard working team, we offer an environment focused on learning and growth, an awesome benefits package, and opportunities to build a long and successful career.

We are constantly on the hunt for talented, forward-thinking problem solvers with an energetic attitude and a strong work ethic to join our elite team of CSAers.

Be a part of CSA... do great things!PI121230637
