Job Description

Tracking Code
2903

Job Description

The Clinical Laboratory Scientist, Data Review will review chromatographic data and calculated results obtained from a variety of standardized urinalysis tests in a toxicology laboratory for the detection of prescription and illicit drugs using advanced LC-MS-MS technology and EIA; applies toxicological and chromatographic rule sets to determine acceptability of results; requests additional testing as necessary; approves reports and patient results to ordering physicians.
Responsible for testing to troubleshoot result issues.
Reports laboratory test results for all test methods approved by CAP, NY and CLIA.
Ensures accuracy and quality of test results meeting required turnaround times.
Enters testing data and reviews chromatography and calculated results from a variety of standardized tests on urine samples using advanced LC-MS-MS technology and EIA for the detection of prescription and illicit drugs.
Evaluates the validity of results obtained, maintains proper records of results and creates a report of results.
Maintains quality control and LC-MS-MS chromatographic data prior to release or results to physicians.
Ensures that testing methods follow established quality control procedures.
Identifies, troubleshoots, documents and resolves test result issues.
Documents issues using the Laboratory Occurrence Management (LOM) form.
Acts as a resource to laboratory technicians, laboratory assistants and associate scientists.
Follows safe laboratory practices and participates in operational support activities necessary to maintain and optimize testing capabilities.
May oversee the duties of clinical laboratory technicians, clinical laboratory assistants and associate scientists who prepare specimens or perform other less complex procedures.
Participates in internal laboratory audits.
Required Skills
0-4 years' experience in high complexity testing; CLIA/CAP environment
Must maintain continuing education units required by California Department of Health Services
Knowledgeable in laboratory methods and techniques
Knowledgeable of equipment and supplies used in a laboratory
Proficient in MS applications (Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Outlook)
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to communicate with all levels of employees
Effective attention to detail with high degree of accuracy
Bachelor's degree with current California CLS license
ASCP license highly preferred
Millennium Health offers a competitive, comprehensive benefits package.

Millennium Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and E-Verify participant. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation or protected veteran status

Job Location
San Diego, California, United States

Position Type
Full-Time/Regular
