Research Scientist
Responsibilities
For more than 140 years, Eli Lilly has been dedicated to meeting the health care needs of people around the world. We address these needs primarily by developing innovative medicinesinvesting heavily in research and development. Lilly credits its exceptional employees for its success, and recognizes that the key to ongoing achievement lies in attracting and retaining the best people.
Do you have strong Synthetic Organic Chemistry skills with extensive working knowledge of modern synthetic chemistry methodologies, experimental work, isolation/purification techniques and structural analysis of synthetic organic molecules? The Discovery Chemistry & Technologies organization within Lilly Research Laboratories is growing and seeks a highly skilled scientists to join our Medicinal Chemistry group located at our Lilly Biotechnology Center in San Diego, CA. We are an innovative and dynamic team looking to enhance our diverse capabilities in drug discovery. We are committed to continually improving our abilities to make life better for patients around the globe.

We are looking for someone who can:
Keep safety as the top priority, striving to maintain a strong safety culture.
Formulate hypotheses, and design and synthesize novel small molecules to engage disease modifying targets
Demonstrate state-of-the-art structure-based drug design technologies and partner with expert colleagues in computational chemistry and biophysics
Optimize lead compounds to improve potency, selectivity, physicochemical properties and DMPK
Deliver high laboratory synthetic efficiency to inform fast-paced SAR iterations through proposal and execution of synthetic routes.
Collaborate with colleagues specialized in high-throughput automated synthesis, route optimization and scale-up.
Proactively partner cross-functionally to address specific program needs, increase your overall organization acumen and provide them with Medicinal Chemistry perspectives.
Req ID 56414BR
Additional Skills/Preferences
Excellent English language oral and written communication skills
Maintain awareness of latest literature of chemical transformations.
Track record of scientific contributions including peer reviewed publications, patents and/or presentations.
Ability to engage highly effectively as teammate in a multidisciplinary and international environment.
Scientific creativity and ability to work independently solving problems through careful experimental design, analysis of complex data sets and mechanistic insights
Medicinal Chemistry experience in pharmaceutical, biotechnology or academic environments, with solid understanding of Drug Discovery will be highly valued.
Experience with Structure-based drug design, Drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics problem solving, Computational chemistry tools and methods, Biophysical techniques such as X-ray crystallography.
Experience with scientific informatics and data visualization tools (e.g. StarDrop, TIBCO Spotfire, KNIME) to undertake computationally enabled multi-property optimization approaches will be advantageous.
Ability to lead projects and initiatives, coordinating multiple scientific activities and team members simultaneously across various sites.
Additional Information Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively Lilly) are committed to help individuals with disabilities participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application process, please email Lilly Recruiting Compliance. Please note, this email address is intended for use only to request a disability accommodation, please email Lilly Recruiting Compliance for further assistance. Inquiries which are not requests for accommodations may not receive a response.

Workplace Arrangement Local
Title Research Scientist-Medicinal Chemistry
Job Category Science
Basic Qualifications
PhD in Organic Chemistry or related field
Experience in small molecule organic synthesis and synthetic methodology
Company Overview At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. Were looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.

#WeAreLilly

City San Diego
Country USA
State / Province California
Region North America
