Job Description
The Customer Engineering Operations team in San Diego is devoted to the support of our internal Engineering personnel as well as our External Customers. This position will be based in San Diego and working in the Customer Engineering Operations team supporting all data analysis activities. Candidate will be responsible for working with a number of different systems to track, report, data mine, and ascertain critical business trends and perform necessary analysis as needed for NRE and non-NRE headcount, budget, third party and IoT business activities. This individual will work via email and telephone with the Ops teams across several countries and must have good writing and verbal skills. Use of multiple business intelligence tools to track and assemble reports for end users. Creation and development of Reports/Dashboards and carrying out statistical analysis and trend analysis of data. Creation of annual billing reports per agreements as needed. Close partnership with the San Diego Ops team for the creation of Salesforce Projects as needed and to capture customer support efforts. Working with IT to troubleshoot day to day end user issues with reporting tools (Salesforce/Qlikview). Candidate will use Excel and Powerpoint skills and should be highly detail oriented.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Knowledge of ThoughtSpot and Qlikview tools Expert level knowledge in MS Office, including mastry in Excel (current versions) and MS Powerpoint Proven experience working with Big Data and able to provide customized BI solutions Experience working with data analysis, including driving needs gathering, documentation creation and reporting Salesforce Dashboards and Reporting expertise Salesforce Dashboards and Reporting expertiseSalesforce Dashboards and Reporting expertise

Preferred Qualifications:
MBA with Engineering or Computer Science Degree (MSEE, MSCS, BSEE) -Experience in creating Statement of Work for Engineering Projects -Knowledge of Salesforce
Education:
Strongly preferred: Bachelor's, Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering
Preferred: Master's, Business Administration and/or Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering

Duration: 12 months+
