Job Title: Data Analyst
Location: San Diego, CA
Duration: 6 Months
Job Description:
The Data Analyst will design and perform data testing and validation functions and contribute to the enhancement of policies, processes, and documentation for various types of data acquired or produced by the agency's modeling, forecasting, analysis, and mapping efforts.
The Data Analyst ensures the integrity, validity, and credibility of data flowing into and out of various spatial and non-spatial databases.
Roles & Responsibilities:
This position is best suited for a data quality assurance/quality control professional with experience in data analytics and complex query development. We anticipate career development will occur while working on the types of duties and responsibilities described below and through mentoring and close collaboration with agency executives. Examples of primary responsibilities include:
Analyze and validate regional economic, demographic, land use, and transportation data for use in operational, procedural, and policy decision-making activities; interpret multi-disciplinary data demonstrating a thorough understanding of issues that could affect the validity and reliability of information.
Design, develop, and perform robust quality assurance testing and analysis of regional data; apply analytical and problem-solving skills to identify and report data anomalies, identify root cause patterns, and facilitate resolutions to issues.
Develop complex queries to examine existing or prospective datasets; develop and implement test approaches, automated tests, test environment requirements, and data strategies; identify risks and problem areas and recommend standards, policies, and procedures to correct deficiencies.
Create and maintain documentation related to data compliance, business rules, data flows, process flows, and reporting.
Coordinate the preparation of metrics and statistical reports, perform audits, and complete special studies; prepare spreadsheets, charts, and graphs to support information sharing.
Participate in the maintenance and documentation of comprehensive computerized databases in SQL Server, Excel, and Access formats.
Participate on inter-departmental and interagency teams assembled for various agency projects.
Prepare and present written, oral, and visual reports and recommendations to various teams and upper management.
Required Qualification:
The minimum education, training, and experience qualifications include a bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science, management information systems, regional planning, geography, demography, economics, statistics, mathematics or a related field, and one to four years of professional quality assurance, data analysis, database, and programming experience.
Knowledge of quality assurance and quality control practices used for validating data and ensuring data integrity, including statistical analysis and sampling techniques, preferably for demographic and economic data.
Experience with data analysis and research methodologies; knowledge of data acquisition and quality control methods used for gathering and compiling various types of information; knowledge of factors that contribute to the reliability and integrity of collected data.
Ability to understand, simplify, statistically analyze, and effectively interpret data and report problems through written and/or graphical formats in a highly complex and data-centric environment.
Experience analyzing, organizing, interpreting, and exploring data with the ability to Client patterns, meaningful relationships, anomalies, and trends.
Experience performing complex dataset queries, to include developing and maintaining various tests and data strategies for risk identification and highest quality data standards assurance.
Demonstrated computer software proficiency using the Microsoft Office Suite especially Excel and Access, SharePoint or other collaboration portal systems, SQL Server or other relational database management system; knowledge of database construction, management, and retrieval methods.
Programming experience in SQL, R, Python, Java, or other language.
Experience using Business Intelligence/Information Sharing software (Power BI, Tableau, etc.) to create reports and dashboards.
Experience participating in multi-disciplinary project teams and providing expertise regarding quality assurance and quality control practices.
Familiarity with formalized data governance processes and procedures.
Experience communicating highly technical information effectively, both orally and in writing; to a broad range of audiences; ability to prepare and deliver findings, presentations and recommendations regarding various analytical efforts to management, partner teams, and other audiences.
Excellent organizational skills and the ability to manage several concurrent projects at various stages of completion; ability to establish and maintain priorities and work independently.
Required Experience:
Experience analyzing, organizing, interpreting, and exploring data with the ability to Client patterns, meaningful relationships, anomalies, and trends.
Experience performing complex dataset queries, to include developing and maintaining various tests and data strategies for risk identification and highest quality data standards assurance.
Demonstrated computer software proficiency using the Microsoft Office Suite especially Excel and Access, SharePoint or other collaboration portal systems, SQL Server or other relational database management system; knowledge of database construction, management, and retrieval methods.
Programming experience in SQL, R, Python, Java, or other language.
Experience using Business Intelligence/Information Sharing software (Power BI, Tableau, etc.) to create reports and dashboards.
4-5 years of experience
About our Company:
22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
