HD Biosciences, a WuXi AppTec company, located in San Diego, CA is seeking a highly skilled and motivated Scientist to join our Discovery Research team.

Lead research efforts on gene editing, cell line generation, target validation and compound characterization studies.
Independently generate study plans and design experiments.
Proficiently executes molecular biology, biochemistry and cell-based assays with high assay development and troubleshooting skills.
Accurately interprets data, communicates experimental results internally and externally, and generates project reports.
Search and utilize literature and external resources to support internal studies.
Implements novel technologies and platforms to add value to the organization.
Performs job specific tasks in compliance with applicable regulations, WuXi AppTec policies and Standard Operating Procedures.

Experience / Education:
PhD in biology, biochemistry, pharmacology or closely related fields
Post-doc and/or industrial experience is desirable
Knowledge / Skills / Abilities:
Extensive knowledge of cell line development, including knockout, knock in and stable over-expression cells.
In-depth knowledge of CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing technology.
Expertise in molecular biology, biochemistry and cell biology assays, such as molecular cloning, cell culture, DNA/RNA transfection, virus production & infection, flow cytometry, immunoblot, qPCR, protein purification, cell-based functional assays, etc.
Experience with plate-based and cell-based pharmacology assays, automated workstation and high-throughput screening is desirable.
Ability to multitask across several research areas/projects.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and adapt to changes quickly.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Excellent organization and record-keeping skills.
Strong computer skills with demonstrated proficiency in MS Office and other software/websites for primer design, sequencing, data analysis and graphing.
High standards of scientific rigor and integrity.
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to work in an office environment with minimal noise conditions.
Must be able to work in Lab setting with exposure to biohazards/chemicals
Must be able to wear appropriate PPE
Must be able to work in environment with variable noise levels
Ability to stand/sit/walk for long periods of time
Ability to crouch, bend, twist, and reach
Clarity of Vision
Ability to identify and distinguish colors
Must be able to perform activities with repetitive motions
Ability to work in variable temperatures high to freezing
An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability
