CRISPR Scientist, full-time
Location: La Jolla, CA
Cardea Bio is developing a new generation of (bio)technology infrastructure based on proprietary biology-gated transistors (“Cardean Transistors™”). Cardean Transistors leverage biocompatible graphene instead of silicon and replace optical signal observations with direct electrical molecular signal analysis. Until now, life science data was comprised of static snapshot datasets. With Cardean transistors, the company and its Innovation Partners can generate streaming multi-omics data to measure real-time biological signals.
Job Description: As a dynamic, culture-focused organization, we are looking for talented and highly self-motivated individuals to join our team to help us advance the use of CRISPR-Cas assays with our Cardean Transistors. The ideal candidate will have experience developing and employing a wide variety of CRISPR-Cas based assays and will be responsible for leading an exciting new project with commercial applications. For more information, specifically the publication about how our transistors can incorporate CRISPR-Cas, please visit on our website, www.cardeabio.com.
Responsibilities:
Design and optimize assays using Cas, or variants, on biology-gated transistors.
Design and optimize DNA extraction and processing to meet application needs.
Effectively transfer assays from our Innovation group, through Development, to Commercial and Production teams
Support and perform DNA detection projects with key external collaborators.
Explain and present research results orally and in writing to include internal presentations, external conferences, white papers, and peer reviewed publications.
Develop new sample preparation, assay conditions, and surface chemistries with responsibility for integrating those biochemical workflows with new products.
Perform equally well as a collaborative team member and a strong scientific individual contributor depending on project needs; be highly adaptive to changing project scopes and responsibilities.
May be required to manage Research Associates.
Requirements:
PhD in biochemistry, chemistry, molecular biology, or equivalent
Strong background working with multiple different CRISPR-Cas enzymes in vitro and in vivo.
Strong background with PCR and other amplification strategies.
Proficient in writing and presenting findings.
Experience working with plant-based genomes.
Passion for working and learning within a scientifically and technically diverse company.
Preferred Qualifications:
4+ years of industry experience.
Experience with biosensors.
Developed assays for an automated liquid handler.
Worked in a cross-disciplinary environment.
This position is not approved for relocation or sponsorship assistance.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
COVID-19 considerations:
We have safety measures in place for all workers. We have the facility cleaned every night. Each employee is required to wear a mask at all times and we have all the necessary PPE required.
Experience:
CRISPR based assay: 4 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.cardeabio.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
