PSI Pax, Inc. has an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist 2 (Tableau - Statistics (IT Portfolio), Predictive Analysis & Visualization) to support our government customer in San Diego, CA.

Position is contingent upon contract award.

Essential Job Functions & Responsibilities:

Tableau - Statistics (IT Portfolio), Predictive Analysis & Visualization.

Conduct planning, analysis, integration, extraction, migration, and reporting of data in Navy Enterprise Resource Planning (N-ERP) and its associated software products. Create, maintain, and manage the tables, cubes, extracts, and reports used to provide the required information. Sustain the data structures, processes, principles, business rules, and operational practices of N-ERP in the current operating environment.

Utilize Government provided software environments, applications, and tools to support N-ERP, data analytics, and other IT operations. Configuration files, source code, scripts, reports, visualizations, analytics, and algorithms shall be developed and retained in tools within the Government provided environment.

Required Qualifications:
One (1) year of experience translating business requirements into reporting designs, predictive and statistical analysis, data cleansing, and visualizing business data.
One (1) year of experience using analytics environments necessary for specific job duties (Tableau, R, Python, etc.)
Eligible to obtain a SECRET level security clearance (final SECRET clearance required if tasking includes access to classified systems).
Education Requirements:

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in one of the following fields: Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research. An additional 4 years of relevant specialized experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree.

In addition, U.S Citizenship is required. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information and be able to obtain a DoD government-granted security clearance. Individuals may also be subject to a background investigation to include but not limited to criminal history, employment and education verification, drug testing, and creditworthiness.

PSI Pax is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, or genetic information.

PSI Pax is an E-Verify Participant
