Sr. Data Scientist San Diego, CA (Remote in Start) 12+ Months Contract Position Summary In the Research and Development Centerrsquos Business Exploration and Development group we build engaging, innovative, user focused software for Sony. Our engineers are helping to bring to life some of our next generation ideas. We are focused on finding a Data Scientist who is a quick and voracious learner, open minded, curious, and loves the process of collecting processing augmenting statistically modelling and organizing data. Candidates should have advanced skills in Python. This position is responsible for helping define our dataset creation, working on data ingestion pipeline, cleaning, augmentation, database development such that subsets associated with specific metadata can be accessed, statistical modelling of the data, and ultimately assisting in the model developmenttesting, and visualizations. As our dataset includes videoaudio data, a background in imageaudio processing is key. You should be able to work alone comfortably without close oversight, collaborate with distributed team members, and to document and report on your achievementsprogress in meetings. You should enjoy researching information and digging deep to solve problems. Minimum Qualifications bull BS or MS in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science wMachine Learning, or a related quantitative field bull You have 3+ years of related experience as a Data Scientist, with a proven record of analysis and research that positively impacts your team bull Solid background in at least one area of machine learning andor AI research bull Experienced in developing tools to ingest, merge, and clean data sets bull Experienced using scripting languages on a daily basis (SQL, Python, etc.) bull Proficient with common data science toolkits, such as Pandas, TensorFlow, NumPy. bull Proficient with visualization softwaretools such as Python, R, D3.js, Spotfire, Tableau, etc. and creating strategy recommendations bull Experienced building data science models (Regression, Decision Trees, K-Means, Segmentations, etc.) bull Experienced dealing with large data sets (especially visual data) bull Knowledge of traditional NLP applications such as entity extraction, document classification, TFIDF, tokenization, and topic modeling. bull Knowledge of modern NLP techniques such as Word2Vec, RNNs, CNNs, LSTMs, and Transformers. bull Knowledge and experience with ontologies, taxonomies, semantic meaning representation frameworks and other relations between concepts. bull Experience with machine learning algorithms, including random forest, SVM, boosting, neural networks, etc. andor Natural Language. bull Experience with source code control (Git) bull You possess excellent communication skills and the ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience. bull All candidates must be authorized to work in USA. Must live near San Diego but primarily work remotely in 2020. Thanks Udai Bhan (W) 408-550-1213(C) 408-585-5607
