About Dexcom:
Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Lead one or more Technology Exploration projects based on electrochemistry
Project justification, definition, planning and execution
Prepare and lead Design and Stage gate reviews
Execute initial exploratory experiments in the lab
Develop and optimize new or existing test methods
Transfer experiments to Test Lab for routine testing
Develop and execute detailed test plans
Oversight of Research Associate(s), Technician(s) in lab
Analyze data and present results and conclusions
Use statistical tools for DOE, sample size justification and interpreting experimental results
Develop and maintain vendor relationships
Required Qualifications:
Typically requires a M.Sc. or Ph.D. degree in Bioengineering, Material science, Applied Physics or equivalent and 7-10 years of related experience
Strong background in applying / developing or adapting electrochemical techniques (e.g. Chrono Amperometry, Cyclic Voltammetry, Impedance Spectroscopy)
Extensive hands-on experience in wet-chemistry lab environment
Proficiency with statistical software preferred (JMP, R)
Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills
Clear verbal and written communication
Preferred Qualifications: (Optional)
Experience in medical device development preferred
Experience and Education Requirements:
Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline, and a minimum of 13+ years related experience or a Master’s degree and 8+ years equivalent industry experience of a PhD and 5+ years of experience.
Travel Required:
Up to 25%
Functional Description: Technical Individual Contributor
Initiates, directs and executes all pre-clinical scientific research and/or development strategies in research and/or development. Investigates the feasibility of applying a wide variety of scientific principles and concepts to potential inventions, products and problems. Plans and executes laboratory research. Demonstrates appropriate technical proficiency, scientific creativity, collaboration with others and independent thought. Maintains broad knowledge of stateof-the-art principles and theories. Makes major contributions to scientific literature and conferences. May act as spokesperson on corporate research and development and advise top management. May participate in development of patent applications. Interfaces with various departments and serves as internal consultant.
Functional/Business Knowledge:
Possesses expert knowledge of leading technical areas.
May be externally recognized as an expert in technical field.
Scope:
High level of understanding of solving unique problems where analysis requires an in-depth evaluation and may impact future concepts or technologies.
Judgement:
Exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.
Demonstrates ability to discover and identify processes, novel science and technology which lead to increased productivity and results.
#LI-BA1
An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Talent Acquisition at talentacquisition@dexcom.com.
To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Dexcom. Only authorized staffing and recruiting agencies may use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes on specific requisitions. Dexcom does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to the Talent Acquisition team, Dexcom employees or any other company location. Dexcom is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
