Join the team at BioDuro and develop your career here by working directly with a team of seasoned experts and rising stars. Contribute your talents to meaningful projects that impact the lives of patients around the world. At BioDuro, leadership is exhibited at every level. No matter what your role, all of our employees are empowered to lead us in our relentless pursuit of success.
Position Summary:
The Quality Control Associate Scientist facilitates and assists in execution of systems to assure cGMP compliance for all relevant operations carried out within and for BioDuro LLC. Responsible for performing advanced experiments and general laboratory duties.
Essential Job Functions:
Performs quality control analysis for raw materials, drug product, stability testing and final release testing.
Follows Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), protocols and other instructions from management
Works with advanced methods and performs advanced experiments accurately, consistently, and in a timely manner
Practices good notebook keeping and labeling practices
Performs data analysis using Excel spreadsheets and other necessary tools
Assists with method development and method validation
Writes/revises Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and methods when necessary
Assists other Chemists with assigned projects
Complies with all laboratory safety guidelines including Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Maintains general cleanliness of the lab, including personal bench space and common use areas
All other tasks and duties assigned as perceived and agreed upon by senior management.
Requirements:
BS degree in Chemistry or a related scientific discipline,
2-4 years work experience in chemistry and quality control and/or laboratory positions.
Experience in cGMP controlled environment Full computer literacy and knowledge of basic scientific principles and practices. Experience using HPLC required
EOE and Accommodation
We value diversity and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. BioDuro provides reasonable accommodation in job application procedures for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you need accommodation in connection with the recruiting process due to a disability, you may use the alternative methods by calling 858-529-6600 or mailing 11011 Torreyana Rd. San Diego, CA 92121. If you are selected to interview for a position, you may also request an accommodation with our team directly.
Powered by JazzHR

Job Type: Full-time
