Where good people build rewarding careers.

Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.
Job Description
The Big Data Engineer - is accountable for leading a technical team of developers on the Master Data Management (MDM) team to deliver innovative data quality solutions that generate business value, specifically focused on Hadoop-based, non-relational data. This role requires in-depth data experience to translate unique business requirements into technical data quality specifications that ensure data is fit-for-purpose. Engage with strategic partners to optimize the data quality function and identify strategic capabilities to keep up with data and insurance industry trends.

Data Science incorporates techniques across many disciplines including mathematics/statistics, computer programming, data engineering and ETL, software development, and high performance computing with traditional business expertise with the goal of extracting meaning from data to optimize future business decisions. Individuals in this field should be an expert/fluent in several of these disciplines and sufficiently proficient in others to effectively design, build, and deliver end to end predictive analytics products to optimize future decisions. Individual demonstrates sufficient analytic agility to quickly develop new skills across these disciplines as those disciplines evolve. The Big Data Engineer job family is accountable for end to end engineering of data solutions which includes designing and building systems for data storage and analytics that enable Allstate analysts to make better decisions to achieve Allstates goals.

This role is responsible for driving multiple complex tracks of work to deliver Big Data solutions enabling advanced data science and analytics. This includes working with the team on new Big Data systems for analyzing data; the coding & development of advanced analytics solutions to make/optimize business decisions and processes; integrating new tools to improve descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics; and discovery of new technical challenges that can be solved with existing and emerging Big Data hardware and software solutions.

This role contributes to the structured and unstructured Big Data / Data Science tools of Allstate from traditional to emerging analytics technologies and methods. The role is responsible for assisting in the selection and development of other team members.
Key Responsibilities
Executes complex functional work tracks for the team.
Partners with ATSV teams on Big Data efforts.
Partners closely with team members on Big Data solutions for our data science community and analytic users.
Leverages and uses Big Data best practices / lessons learned to develop technical solutions used for descriptive analytics, ETL, predictive modeling, and prescriptive real time decisions analytics
Influence within the team on the effectiveness of Big Data systems to solve their business problems.
Participates in the development of complex technical solutions using Big Data techniques in data & analytics processes.
Supports Innovation; regularly provides new ideas to help people, process, and technology that interact with analytic ecosystem.
Participates in the development of complex prototypes and department applications that integrate Big Data and advanced analytics to make business decisions.
Uses new areas of Big Data technologies, (ingestion, processing, distribution) and research delivery methods that can solve business problems.
Understands the Big Data related problems and requirements to identify the correct technical approach.
Works with key team members to ensure efforts within owned tracks of work will meet their needs.
Drives multiple tracks of work within the research group.
Identifies and develops Big Data sources & techniques to solve business problems.
Co-mingles data sources to lead work on data and problems across departments to drive improved business & technical results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models.
Manages various Big Data analytic tool development projects with midsize teams.
Executes on Big Data requests to improve the accuracy, quality, completeness, speed of data, and decisions made from Big Data analysis.
Uses, learns, teaches, and supports a wide variety of Big Data and Data Science tools to achieve results (i.e., R, ETL Tools, Hadoop, and others).
Uses, learns, teaches, and supports a wide variety of programming languages on Big Data and Data Science work (i.e. Java, C#, Python, and Perl).
Trains more junior engineers.
Job Qualifications
Experience with various data types
Experience with development, management, and manipulation of large, complex datasets
Experience with database & ETL technologies
Demonstrated knowledge of data management competencies and implementation
Proficient at writing SQL queries and verifying the results
Familiar with organizational change management strategies
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Excellent time-management and organization skills
Ability to operate in a rapidly changing, high-visibility environment
Desire to learn and ability to learn quickly
Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong decision-making skills
Ability to draw meaningful conclusions and recommendations

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click here for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click here for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the EEO is the Law poster click here. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click here. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Companys policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employees ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.
