Job Role: Machine Learning EngineerWork Location: San Diego, CA
Duration: 12+ Months

Primary Skill Set:
Knowledge of validated approaches for scale-ability, productionalizing AI/ML models and implementing machine learning applied to expansive and diverse datasets (storage GPUs/TPUs, techniques for deep learning at scale)
Deployment of Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms on cloud based services (AWS Sage maker, GCP MLE, Digital Ocean, etc.)
Expertise in configuration management systems CI/CD (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Programming experience with Python (and ML packages) and either Javascript, C/C++ or related
Version control (Git, Jenkins), Unix Shell scripting
Experience or familiar with serverless architecture/ paradigm in cloud stack

Preferred Skill Set:
Experience with Image Analysis/Computer Vision is a plus
Experience with Swift, Objective-C, Cocoa, Cocoa Touch, and/or CoreML
Networking concepts and protocols, e.g.: TCP/IP, HTTP, etc.
Knowledge or familiarity of ML algorithms (deep learning, classification, TensorFlow etc.)
Preferred knowledge of Python libraries such as Scikit-learn, SciPy, Spacy, and NLTK

Roles and Responsibilities:
Deploy scalable Machine Learning and CNN based Computer Vision algorithms on local and multi cloud-based inferencing platforms.
Designing and deploying models at scale using automated pipelines.
Convert Python based ML scripts to production quality level applications.
Test applications for stability, resilience, HA and scale them to serve thousands of inferences on a daily basis.
Work closely with data Engineers, developers and Machine Learning engineering peers to integrate ML/AI models and applications with existing suite of APD smart products.
Be approachable, a team player and ready to assist SRE & DevOps to build pipelines that need minimal operational maintenance.
If needed, be ready to independently learn new technologies.
Be able to prioritize tasks and take ownership.
Ability to communicate and meaningfully present results of analyses in a clear and impactful manner.
