Encodia is an emerging, early stage biotech company developing the next generation of protein analysis tools. We are seeking to recruit a Senior Scientist to join our highly-innovative chemistry team. The successful candidate will have a range of organic and combinatorial chemistry experience applied in a high-throughput discovery environment. The ideal candidate will have a strong foundational knowledge in the fundamentals of organic chemistry and chemical biology, and be highly motivated to apply these tools to innovating Next-Gen tools in proteomics.

Job Responsibilities:
Developing creative solutions to perform chemical reactions integrated with biological systems.
Developing analytical methods for peptide/protein characterization using multiple analytical/spectroscopic tools.
Conducting hands-on lab research and overseeing 1-2 junior scientists/RAs.
Contributing to scientific manuscripts and grant applications.
Generating new ideas and contributing to the company’s IP portfolio.
Contributing to cross-functional teams in the development of an integrated product.
Communicating effectively with colleagues as well as management through oral and written reports.
Working at the interface of chemistry, biology, and materials science.
Designing, developing, and applying high-throughput organic synthesis and screening methods in the pursuit of advancing Encodia’s technology.
Analyzing data using modern statistical analysis methods (JMP, RStudio, etc.).
Requirements
Ph.D. with 5+ years of experience in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Chemical Biology, or a closely related field.
Experience in chemical biology, combinatorial synthesis, and/or directed evolution methodologies..
Experience with DNA and aptamer chemistry, including chemical modifications, next-generation sequencing, nucleotide tagging, DNA barcoding and/or enzymatic chemistry.
Expert knowledge of peptide structure, dynamics, and side-chain reactivity.
Expertise with analytical techniques for small molecules and biomolecules (MS, LC-MS, HPLC, NMR).
Track record of scientific success as evidenced by publications and/or patents.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
Benefits

Encodia is an Equal Opportunity Employer that offers a competitive and comprehensive employee benefits package including medical, dental and vision plans, Life/AD&D and LTD insurance, 401(k) plan, paid vacation, and a stock plan.
