Scientist, Discovery Biology, San Diego, CA

Summary/Scope:

The Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology Group in Oncology TRC focuses on delivering novel cancer therapeutics by engaging E3 ubiquitin ligases for targeted protein degradation.

We are seeking a motivated Associate Scientist with experience in drug discovery and in vitro pharmacology to participate in research focused on protein homeostasis for cancer therapeutics. The successful candidate will work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary environment to use cell-based assays in support of discovery of small molecules as development candidates DCs for clinical, design and execute in vitro studies to further our understanding of the mechanisms of novel compounds.

Oncology TRC integrates discovery research through translational and early clinical development and focuses on numerous aspects of protein homeostasis including the ubiquitin-proteasome system, protein translation, and RNA processing and stability. This thematic focus allows the group to capitalize on the cutting edge science that underpins the action of the company s most advanced drugs.

Not being bound by disease area or therapeutic modality creates a very dynamic, exciting and creative environment that exploits excellent science in biology, biochemistry, structural biology, computational biology and translational development.

Responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following:
Design and conduct in vitro experiments in cell biology Transfection, Immunofluorescence, lenti-virus production , biochemistry Western blot , molecular biology DNA cloning , and assay development ELISA, bDNA with minimum supervision.
Engineer cells by editing genes by CRISPR-KO and -KI or by modulating gene expression by shRNA and characterize the cell models.
Maintain cell cultures and characterize cancer cell lines.
Develop and implement relevant cell based assays to support identification, optimization, and characterization of novel chemical matter
Analyze and present data in an organized and timely manner
Work within and support biology needs for drug discovery teams
Requirements:
Understand cancer biology, biochemistry and molecular and cell biology.
Keen on new technologies and familiarity with various cellular assays in high-throughput formats and automation equipment.
Strong data handling skills including importing/exporting data into/from database, organizing data for easy interpretation and experience with a variety of scientific/data analysis software applications.
Excellent communication, presentation, collaboration and organizational skills as well as ability to write protocols and technical reports with precision.
Multitasking, capability to pay attention to details, stay focused on key objectives, and deliver high quality data in a timely and well organized manner is essential.
Ability to work in a fast-paced dynamic team environment, flexibility to adapt to changes with a positive attitude.
PhD is a plus but not required
Why Kelly®?


Kelly® Science is your connection to premier scientific and clinical companies looking to hire talented people just like you. Every day, we match science professionals with dream jobs that fit their skills and interestsits the way we think job searching should be. Nearly 100 percent of our science recruiters have a professional background/education in science, so we know a thing or two about the science market and how to get you noticed.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
