General Summary

Fate Therapeutics is seeking a motivated individual skilled in immunology and cancer biology to join a growing Translational Science team in support of the Company’s iPSC derived immunotherapy clinical trials. The primary functions of this role will include designing and performing cellular immunology assays and facilitating routine patient sample testing for multiple ongoing clinical trials. The successful candidate will have a strong immunotherapy knowledge base, experience with assay development, and will thrive in a dynamic team environment. This is a full-time position reporting to the Senior Manager of Translational Science and is located at our corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA.

Responsibilities
Design, develop, and perform multi-parameter flow cytometry and other cellular immunology assays to support Fate’s clinical programs including testing of human specimens to support early phase clinical studies.
Creatively utilize a variety of technology and methods to approach translational research hypotheses, including ELISpot, TCR sequencing, mixed lymphocyte reactions, Incucyte, xCELLigence, and others.
Manage and train members of the Translational Science team to develop new assays, execute research plans over multiple projects, and foster a collaborative environment.
Review and analyze data for presentation to cross-functional working groups and publication. Review and analyze routine patient sample testing for quality and consistency.
Design, develop, and perform single-plex and multiplex immunoassays.
Assist in organizing and tracking patient data from multiple modalities in multiple trials.
Provide support in document control by writing and maintaining SOPs for translational assays.
Work within a LIM system for sample accessioning, processing, and storage.
Qualifications
Ph.D. or M.S. degree in immunology, cell biology, or other related field with 2+ years of laboratory experience in clinical or biopharmaceutical setting.
Multicolor flow cytometry experience is a must; experience with Beckman Coulter conventional flow cytometers or Cytek spectral flow cytometers and FlowJo or OMIQ is strongly preferred.
Experience in immunoassay development, particularly MSD multiplexed assays.
Strong data analysis and management skills, with working knowledge of Prism or equivalent. Experience with Freezerworks or another LIMS is a plus.
Working knowledge of cellular immunotherapy and strong scientific background in cancer biology or immunology.
Experience working with human blood and blood products using sterile technique, cell culture or other related experience.
Demonstrated ability to lead a team in a collaborative and objective focused environment.
Experience writing and following detailed SOPs and familiarity with a GLP, GMP, or CLIA laboratory environment is a plus.
Highly organized, detail oriented with excellent record keeping abilities, and strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origin
Occasional evening and Saturday work will be required
100% on-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

For consideration send cover letter and curriculum vitae to: www.fatetherapeutics.com and reference job 369DF.

About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.

Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of firstin-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company’s immunooncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company’s immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune™, a pharmacologically modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, CA. For more information, please visit www.fatetherapeutics.com.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.fatetherapeutics.com
