Recruitment Period

Open date: September 1st, 2019

Last review date: Thursday, Jun 25, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled.

Final date: Monday, Aug 31, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.

Description

The Office of Research Affairs , at the University of California, San Diego, in support of the campus, multidisciplinary Organized Research Units is conducting an open search for Research Scientists (non-tenured, Assistant, Associate or Full level) in various academic disciplines. At UC San Diego, Research Scientists are academic researchers who develop and lead independent research and creative programs equivalent to that required for the Ladder Rank Professor series, garner scholarly reputation, and generate high caliber publications and research products. Research Scientists should serve as a Principal Investigator and have the major responsibility and leadership for their research programs. University and public service are required, but they do not have formal teaching responsibilities. An appointee in this series must demonstrate continuous and effective engagement in independent and creative research activity of high quality and significance. Appointment duration's vary depending on the length of the research project and availability of funding.

Required Qualifications: Doctorate degree or its equivalent. Appointment level/rank is dependent upon academic experience, scholarly achievements, funding record, and needs of the ORU.

Preferred Qualifications: Postdoctoral or equivalent experience, a commitment to building an independent research program, obtaining independent funding, providing mentoring/training, performing university and community service, and fostering an equitable and diverse scholarly environment.

Review of applications will commence on September 16, 2019 and will be ongoing. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and based on published University of California pay scales. Applications (CV, Research Statement, Cover letter, and at least 3 references, at minimum) must be submitted to the UCSD on-line application collection system, AP-On-Line Recruit, at: https://apol-recruit.ucsd.edu/apply/JPF02126 . The Office of Research Affairs at UC San Diego is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the academic, staff, and student body. UCSD is an AA/EOE/M/F/D/V" or "EOE/AA/M/F/VET/DISABILITY."

Job location

San Diego, CA

Requirements

Document requirements
Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
Cover Letter
Statement of Research
Statement of Teaching (Optional)
Statement of Contributions to Diversity - Applicants should summarize their past or potential contributions to diversity. See our Faculty Equity site for more information.
Misc / Additional (Optional)
Reference requirements
3 required (contact information only)
The University of California, San Diego is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. You have the right to an equal employment opportunity .

For more information about your rights, see the EEO is the Law Supplement

The University of California, San Diego is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities .

See our Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act Annual Security Reports
