ABOUT US

Sorrento is a clinical stage, antibody-centric, biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to turn malignant cancers into manageable and possibly curable diseases. Sorrento's multimodal multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its' extensive immuno-oncology platforms, including key assets such as fully human antibodies ("G-MAB™ library"), clinical stage immuno-cellular therapies ("CAR-T"), intracellular targeting antibodies ("iTAbs"), antibody-drug conjugates ("ADC"), and clinical stage oncolytic virus ("Sephrevir®").

We attract smart people who play well with others. We're small enough for your ideas to make a big impact, and large enough to offer you opportunities to grow professionally at any stage of your career.

If you’re a quick learner, enjoy working in the biotech industry, and share our mission of providing ground-breaking impact to medicine, each other, and our patients, Sorrento Therapeutics is the place for you!

WHAT YOU’LL DO:

We are currently looking for a highly motivated individual with expertise in molecular and cellular biology to join our cell culture development group for developing stable, clonal cell lines for the expression of therapeutic candidate antibodies or cell therapy program for cancer therapy.

The Scientist - Cell Culture Development position in our Upstream Process group will support the development and characterization of new cell lines and upstream processes. This position will play an integral role in cell line development, characterization for recombinant protein expression or cell therapy manufacturing.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Job responsibilities will include but not be limited to:
Planning, executing and analyzing experiments under manager supervision, utilizing standard cell biology, biochemical and molecular techniques
Develop, characterize and optimize cell culture process protocols; general lab tasks including ordering, organizing, and instrument maintenance
Examine data and prepare technical reports, summaries, protocols and quantitative analysis and ensure experiments are well documented
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS:
Ph.D. in the fields of cell biology, biochemistry, molecular biology, immunology, bioengineering, and/or cellular signaling with 0-2 year experience
It is essential that the candidate has knowledge and experience of general cell techniques, including transfection, selection, cloning and sub-cloning, small scale antibody production; prior experience with immune cells is a plus
Experience with a wide range of cellular, biochemical and molecular biology methodologies, including ELISA, immunoblotting, qPCR, FACS, DNA cloning, CRISPR etc. is preferred
Familiarity with cell culture performance at various scales, from multi-well plates to bioreactors, is preferred
Understanding of process development and GMP is a plus
High level of initiative, ability to work independently, multitask and work well in a fast-paced environment. Excellent writing and communication skills and can write SOP and technical reports
Occasional weekend work for cell culture may be required
Must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to lift 30 lbs. is required
YOUR REWARD:
Support scientists who are on the leading edge of immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer.
Earn a competitive salary that allows you to focus your attention on your passion.
A comprehensive benefits package including: medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, matching 401k, 10 paid holidays, and three-weeks’ PTO, plus stock options.
If this sounds like the right career to fit your interests, please apply. We’re looking forward to meeting you!

Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.

Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer
