Bristol-Myers Squibb is a global Biopharma company committed to a single mission: to discover, develop, and deliver innovative medicines focused on helping millions of patients around the world in disease areas such as oncology, cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrosis.

Join us and make a difference. We hire the best people and provide them with a work environment that places a premium on diversity, integrity, collaboration and personal development. Through a culture of inclusion, we create a better, more productive work environment. We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.

Principal Scientist, Early Development Predictive Sciences, Oncology

We are seeking an innovative scientist to join our Early Development team within the Informatics and Predictive Sciences group. This scientist can sit at either of the following sites: Princeton NJ, Seattle WA, San Franscisco and San Diego CA. This group of computational biologists is responsible for advancing Bristol-Myers Squibb’s industry-leading Early Development pipeline through the strategic application of cutting-edge bioinformatics approaches. The scientists in this group design experiments and analyze both pre-clinical and clinical-omics data sets, including RNA-Seq, exome, single-cell sequencing, cytokine, metabolomics and multiplex flow cytometry to develop patient enrichment strategies, novel biomarkers, diagnostics and guide drug development decisions. The group interacts with and influences all aspects of R&D at BMS, from early discovery through late-stage development.

Responsibilities

Analysis of omic datasets including RNASeq, WES, single cell sequencing, cytokine and multiplex flow cytometry to inform trial design, enable patient enrichment strategies and early stage clinical development of the BMS Oncology and Immuno-Oncology pipeline. Collaborate with other bioinformaticians, statisticians, biologists and clinicians to implement and execute bioinformatics analysis to impact our Early Development Oncology pipeline.

Qualifications:
Ph.D. in bioinformatics, molecular biology, statistics, physics, genetics, or similar
7+ years of industry
Background in Oncology and experience working with clinical trial data
Broad experience with data generated by one or more high-throughput molecular assays: next-generation sequencing, metabolomics, flow cytometry, mass spectrometry proteomics, etc.
Strong experience in the use of a high-level programming language such as R, MATLAB or Python for complex data analysis and reproducible research practices
Strong problem-solving and collaboration skills, rigorous and creative thinking
Exceptionally strong communication, data presentation and visualization skills.
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively, and to handle several concurrent, fast-paced projects
Proven ability to work across organizations to define and solve problems that will benefit the whole.
Capable of establishing strong working relationships across the organization.
Strong publication record
Bristol-Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
