Job Description
This position requires a broad knowledge of ocular anatomy, physiology and biochemistry to help develop and support in vivo models to screen therapeutics and devices being developed for various ocular disorders. Experience with ocular surgical, dosing and sampling techniques is required. The position requires the development of protocols and criteria to effectively carry out experiments. The position requires written and oral presentation of scientific data for the purpose of Sponsor reports as well as presentation at scientific meetings and/or preparation of manuscripts for publication. Expertise to guide investigators (Sponsors) on the approaches necessary to characterize the pharmacological effects of their molecules or devices based on disease mechanisms is valuable.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities

The Scientist will perform the following duties and responsibilities:
Functional role of Principal Investigator or Study Director for preclinical ophthalmic studies
Manage the conduct of preclinical studies. Participate in study design and conduct.
Help in the preparation of study protocols and reports
Develop and execute research studies to expand research capabilities.
Develop and execute training programs
Write or revise Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to assure facility compliance with applicable regulations, Client expectations, and current industry standards
May be required to serve on the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC)
Perform other duties as directed by management.


Candidate Requirements:
Ability to perform studies duties and responsibilities in multiple species (minimally, rabbits and rodents) with minimal supervision.
Ability to perform ocular injections, such as, sub-conjunctival, sub-tenon, retrobulbar, peribulba, intravitreal, and/or subretinal injections.
Experience with various ocular imaging modalities, such as, optical coherence tomography, fundus photography, Fluorescein angiography.
Experience with ocular techniques, such as intraocular pressure measurements and electroretinography procedure.
Must be flexible to work various schedules and hours as well as provide comprehensive, after-hours, and on-call coverage as needed.


Education:
Graduate level degree (e.g. M.S. /PhD, DVM) required. Post-doctoral candidates are desirable
Additional training in the GLPs and other applicable regulations required.


Experience:

Minimum 3-6 years' experience in the same or similar position based on education.

Benefits:

Absorption Systems cares about our work community and offers a variety of benefits allowing employees the opportunity to customize a benefits package that meets their personal needs. Company benefits include the following:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Health Reimbursement Account
Flexible Spending Accounts - Healthcare & Dependent Care
Employee Life Insurance
Voluntary Life/AD&D Insurance
Long Term Disability
401k
About Absorption Systems

Absorption Systems, founded in 1996, assists pharmaceutical and medical device companies in identifying and overcoming ADMET (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, Excretion and Toxicity) barriers in the development of drugs, biologics and medical devices. Additionally, Absorption Systems goes deep into each of those areas, offering in vitro, in situ and in vivo models to assess the properties in question. The company's mission is to continually develop innovative research tools that can be used to accurately predict human outcomes or to explain unanticipated human outcomes when they occur. The CellPort Technologies platform, a suite of human cell-based test systems for drug transporter characterization, exemplifies Absorption Systems' commitment to innovation and is soon to be an industry assay standard for in vitrodrug interaction assessment.

Absorption Systems has facilities in Exton, PA, San Diego, CA, and Boston, MA to serve customers throughout the world.

Alongside of our enthusiasm for science and research, we have a passion to see each and every one of our employees grow and succeed both personally and professionally. We encourage our employees to continually enhance their ability to contribute to the success of the organization and advance their careers. Absorption Systems is committed to creating an environment where individuals are encouraged to grow and work in collaboration with each other while being passionate about innovation. The professional culture of our organization is a goal oriented environment full of internally driven and motivated professionals. Our company is unique in the fact that there is freedom for autonomy to execute and the ability for each employee to grow in directions that align their individual aspirations with company growth.

Please visit http://www.absorption.com to learn more.

Absorption Systems is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
