Recruitment Period

Open date: February 28th, 2020

Last review date: Friday, Mar 13, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled.

Final date: Saturday, Feb 27, 2021 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.

Description

The UC San Diego Data Science Undergraduate Program , a joint endeavor of the Departments of Computer Science and Engineering, Mathematics and Cognitive Science, is seeking temporary lecturers to teach between one and three course per quarter during the academic year. We seek applicants in all content areas related to data science including data analysis, programming, statistics, machine learning and visualization.

The program has about 15 core faculty and several other participating faculty from various campus departments. UC San Diego is working on several other new initiatives related to data science and is committed to data science education and research.

The Data Science Undergraduate Program is committed to building an excellent, diverse, and inclusive faculty, staff and student body. In addition to the highest standards of scholarship, teaching, and professional activity, the preferred candidates for any position will have potential or demonstrated contributions to a climate that supports equity, inclusion, and diversity.

Candidates must hold a master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field - or commensurate experience, and must have demonstrated evidence of effective teaching. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and based on University of California pay scales

We encourage candidates to send applications as soon as possible. Applications will be reviewed on an ongoing basis, and candidates will be contacted as teaching needs arise.

To apply, submit the following materials to

If there are any questions, please contact the Search Committee Chair, Aaron Fraenkel.

UCSD is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity . among its faculty and staff.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Requirements

Document requirements
Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
Cover Letter
Statement of Research (Optional)
Statement of Teaching
Statement of Contributions to Diversity - Applicants should summarize their past or potential contributions to diversity. See our Faculty Equity site for more information.
Misc / Additional (Optional)
Teaching Evaluations - If teaching evaluations are available, please include.

(Optional)
Reference requirements
3-5 required (contact information only)
The University of California, San Diego is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. You have the right to an equal employment opportunity .

For more information about your rights, see the EEO is the Law Supplement

The University of California, San Diego is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities .

See our Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act Annual Security Reports
