Element Biosciences is a multi-disciplinary startup focused on innovating genetic analysis tools for the research and clinical markets. The Company's technology will broaden the end user experience through improved data quality and simplified workflows to benefit discoveries and diagnosis in healthcare.

We are looking for a driven bench-scientist to join the reagent development group at a well-funded and long-term multi-venture backed Life Sciences start-up company. Key responsibilities will include the development of sequencing biochemistries and reagents for our new NGS technologies. The position requires a high level of innovative thinking and superior problem-solving skills but also dedication to quality and systematic studies. Candidates are expected to enjoy lab work, exhibit excellent experimental skills, be able to put team goals ahead of individual accomplishments and be proactive at communicating across departments. Successful candidates will be self-motivated, thrive in a fast-paced environment and feel energized by enabling new technologies.
Responsibilities:
Optimize reagents for novel DNA sequencing workflows.
Prioritize, design, plan and perform experiments.
Analyze data, record and present results.
Collaborate closely with upstream research teams and downstream operations teams as product evolve.
Managing junior personal is likely as role evolves.
Requirements:
Ph. D. degree in chemistry, biochemistry, molecular biology, bioengineering or a related discipline.
0 – 3 years industry experience and/or postdoctoral training.
Proven track record of scientific achievement in form of publications and patents.
Biochemical characterization of nucleic acid and enzyme interactions on surfaces.
Subject matter expert in DNA processing enzymes preferred, e.g. DNA polymerases, helicases, recombinases.
Can design new assays to interrogate subsystem properties that are relevant for sequencing.
Applies principles of reaction kinetics and molecular interactions towards assay optimization.
Techniques used for measuring kinetic rate constants and binding affinities.
Basic knowledge of high-throughout -omics methods, e.g. DNA microarrays, NGS, Luminex.
Well organized and good communicator, upwards and laterally.
Good team player.
Excellent analytical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Persistent and ambitious.
We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.

We foster an environment such that all people are afforded the freedom to pursue their passions without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
