Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the scientist will plan, write study protocols, and conduct controlled experiments to characterize toxicological and PK properties of new investigational drugs.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Work collaboratively with other scientists, technicians and colleagues as part of multidisciplinary project teams.
Understand and interpret study protocols/SOPs to ensure that the tasks are conducted accurately.
Plan, write study protocols, and conduct controlled experiments to characterize toxicological and PK properties of new investigational drugs.
Independently prepare dose formulations and other reagents as instructed.
Perform technical procedures on rodents such as test article dosing (oral gavage, IV, IP, IM, etc.), blood collections using different routes/techniques and other clinical sampling techniques.
Assess and document clinical observations, body weight data, food consumption data, environmental data (i.e., room temperature and humidity), and other data on the appropriate forms.
Perform tissue collection and necropsies.
Collect, analyze, communicate results, and assist in preparing reports in a timely manner.
Other duties may be assigned as necessary.
Requirements:

BS/BA degree (or equivalent combination of education/experience) in Life Sciences with a minimum of 2 years’ experience.
Experience with conduct of special PK and metabolism studies is highly desirable.
Experience with micro-sampling techniques is a plus
Effective report writing and oral presentations skills are required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required.
Must be able to build excellent working relationships & maintain confidentiality regarding intellectual property and proprietary endeavors of the company.
Proven problem-solving skills.
Understanding of IACUC requirements, NIH guidelines, and related regulations.
Ability to determine project requirements, study designs, and to perform data analysis of reports from studies conducted in-house.
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
