Description

Job Description:


This is where your legacy begins! The Advanced Solutions Group at Leidos currently has an opening for a Scientist / Senior Scientist Computational Biology to work in our San Diego, California office. We are seeking a broadly trained and highly motivated computational biologist for advanced technology programs focused on molecular biology, genetics / genomics, metagenomics, systems biology, synthetic biology, and bioinformatics.

This is a highly dynamic and integrative environment in which talented and creative scientists can thrive working on a diverse array of multidisciplinary projects. The group has an immediate need for someone with strong skills in NGS-derived data analysis and integration, including metagenomics, metatranscriptomics, metabolic pathway analysis, and predictive statistical modeling.

Primary Responsibilities
Lead and/or support ongoing and future efforts to characterize changes in multiple-omics profiles under different conditions.
Develop statistical and machine learning-based models to leverage new insight into biological systems from omics data (e.g., genomics/metagenomics, transcriptomics/metatranscriptomics, metabolomics, epigenomics).
Contribute to the development of novel applications in support of government-funded efforts in the areas of synthetic and systems biology.
Effectively communicate research in team meetings, progress reports, peer-reviewed publications, and patents.
Quickly adapt to evolving research needs, rapidly acquire new scientific knowledge and stay informed on new technologies.
Work effectively as a member of an interdisciplinary team consisting of biologists, chemists, mathematicians, statisticians, and engineers. Lead Candidates should follow sound scientific practices and maintain effective documentation of activities and analyses.
Basic Qualifications
A Ph.D. in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Biostatistics
At least 6 years of technical experience (experience obtained during graduate or postdoctoral work can be counted towards total years of experience).
U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret Security Clearance
Experience processing, analyzing and integrating multiple NGS-based data sets.
Linux scripting abilities and working knowledge of at least one program language (e.g., R, Pearl, Python, C++).
Strong background in statistics / machine learning applied to systems-level data types.
Strong background in Biology.
Team oriented with excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to interact with people from diverse areas and disciplines
Preferred Qualifications
Integration of multiple -omics platform data
Network analysis
Development of predictive statistical models
Microbiome research experience
Synthetic Biology experience
Understanding of Molecular Biology / Genetics assays
Possess US government Security Clearance
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
None
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Research Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
