Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the Sr. Scientist, DMPK oversees, designs, executes and conducts research and/or development studies in collaboration with others related to Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics (DMPK) discovery and development support. The Sr. Scientist is responsible for the quantitative evaluation of new products and maintenance of existing pharmacokinetic and drug metabolism product lines through the application of state-of-the-art knowledge in at least one DMPK core competency (pharmacokinetics modelling and analysis, PK/PD modeling and analysis, PBPK, Human PK and dose predictions). In addition, this individual will act as primary point of contact for certain DMPK efforts may act as a DMPK representative on discovery teams.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Designs, executes and analyzes data from in-vivo PK/TK/PD studies.
May develop and implement novel methodologies to characterize DMPK properties of drug candidates.
Will act as a DMPK representative on discovery or development teams.
May manage outsourcing of DMPK studies, accountable for evaluating completion and desired outcomes of project deliverables.
May contribute to the preparation or review of regulatory submissions and study reports.
May mentor or train less experienced team members.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements:

BS/BA degree in biology, chemistry, or related science and 5+ years of experience in a DMPK laboratory, including experience in pharmacokinetics modeling and analysis, PK/PD modeling and analysis, PBPK, Human PK and dose predictions. Extensive hands-on experience with technology and methodology such as: automation, tissue culture, LC-MS/MS, radioisotope use, PK analysis and modeling and/or simulation software. Experience acting as a DMPK representative on project teams preferred, OR
MS/MA degree and 3+ years of similar experience as noted above, OR
PhD or equivalent and some industry experience; may include postdoc experience
Strong background in one or more of the DMPK job-relevant core competency (pharmacokinetics modeling and analysis, PK/PD modeling and analysis, PBPK, Human PK and dose predictions)
Strong knowledge of one or more technology and methodology such as PK analysis and modeling and/or simulation software.
Ability to work with a variety of PK analysis and or modeling and simulation software.
Demonstrates solid level of understanding project / group goals and methods
Consistently recognizes anomalous and inconsistent results and interprets experimental outcomes
Able to explain the process behind the data and implications of the results
Strong knowledge of one or more scientific disciplines, becoming expert in one discipline.
Strong knowledge of scientific principles, methods and techniques.
Strong knowledge and demonstrated ability working with a variety of PK analysis and or modeling and simulation software.
Ability to work as part of a team; may train lower levels.
Excellent computer skills
Strong problem-solving, analytical thinking skills.
Detail oriented and developing understanding of scientific impact on broader team objectives.
Ability to meet multiple deadlines, with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
