Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar field desired or eight (8) years equivalent training and/or experience.
Basic Experience: Five (5) years of computer experience in at least two of the following disciplines: system analysis, system programming, application programming, and equipment analysis.
Specialized Experience: Three (3) years of experience either as a computer hardware and/or systems software specialist or as a systems analyst with duties relating to the evaluation of third- and fourth-generation or state-of-the-art computer hardware and software and its ability to support specific requirements for a Command and Control (C2) Net-Centric Operations, Information Management and Decision Support system/application.
Knowledge of programming theories and methodologies, experience in network programming and data compression algorithms for minimization across networks, algorithm analysis, client-server programming, computer security, web services, publish and subscribe architectures and multiple language experience to include object oriented language types.
Duties: In a teaming environment, write, test, debug, and maintain computer programs, conceive, design, and test logical structures for solving problems through computer programs, utilize programming languages and tools to code, debug, compile, test, and deploy computer programs. Utilize code repositories and configuration management tools to successfully manage computer programming projects. Adaptable to the ever changing computer science discipline by quickly learning and implementing emerging technologies and identify opportunities for use of emerging technologies.
Specific Experience:
Developing and maintaining the Government Open Source Software, Ozone
Developing and maintaining the Government Open Source Software, Common Map API (CMAPI)
Performing agile software development,
Programming in Python and JavaScript (specifically React libraries),
Widgetized software (specifically, performance and analysis of code quality scans, automated and manual software testing, bug fixes)
Database schema design and administration.
Targeted Current or Previous job: supporting the US Navy, SPAWAR Systems Center Pacific
Security Clearance: Secret
Citizen: USA
Certification: DoD 8570.01 IAT Level II: CCNA Security, CySA+, GIC SP, GSEC, Security+ SE, SSCP.

AS&T is an EOE - M/F/D/V AS&T
Offers a first class benefits package, competitive salary and bonus incentives.
