Description:

Born digital, Axos Bank has reinvented the banking model and grown to nearly $11.8 billion in assets since our founding in 2000. With a broad and ever-growing range of financial products, Axos Bank is rated among the top 5 digital banks in the country! Axos Financial is our holding company and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AX (NYSE: AX).

Click here to go to our web site and learn more about Axos Bank and what it's like to work with us!

We bring together human insight and digital expertise to anticipate the needs of our customers. Our team members are innovative, technologically sophisticated, and motivated to achieve.
Partner with different GRC functional areas to define and implement Data Driven Compliance reporting, dashboards and analytics
Proactively identify additional areas of opportunity to enhance analytics, reporting and governance. Where needed, creates new data analytics including the analysis of metrics, and risk assessment results
Identify opportunities to automate processes for Compliance monitoring tool optimization and efficiencies
Design, develop, and implement automated processes, in workflow/forms-based products, to improve existing practices and address new business requirements
Participate in model tuning, and independent model validation(s) in accordance with the Bank's Model Risk Management Policy
Lead and Support advance reporting, Technical/Business audit requests, and data collection
Utilize expertise to gather pertinent data and perform regression and other statistical analyses to help identify meaningful data relationships, Key Risk Indicators
Analyze high-volume data to investigate, identify, and report trends linked to Deposits/ Lending compliance regulatory exceptions
Lead and Perform other risk -or regulatory-related assignments or special projects as needed
Serve as project support and project lead on various Enterprise wide strategic, operational, credit, and/or risk related initiatives
Key Skill Sets or Knowledge Requirements:
Advance level competency in creating complex SQL queries involving multiple-table joins, union, sub-queries, CTE, temporary tables, outer apply/cross apply
Strong Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and other Office products
Comfortable interfacing with senior management and/or non-technical members of the team
Excellent written and verbal communication
Strong technical skills with project management capabilities
Proficiency in Tableau, Python, and/or R, or willingness to learn these programs
Desired Career Experience & Education Requirements:
4+ years' SQL (writing and optimizing SQL queries, customizing SQL reports to support business requirements and to analyze the data)
Create advanced reporting and analysis through Microsoft SQL Server Report Builder and Tableau or other BI tools
2+ years' financial services, understanding of core banking products
Bachelor's degree
Preferred:
Workflow Development/optimization
Apply directly for consideration as we are not using any outside agencies for any of our openings

Pre-Employment Drug Test:

All offers are contingent upon the candidate successfully passing a credit check, criminal background check, and pre-employment drug screening, which includes screening for marijuana. Axos Bank is a federally regulated banking institution. At the federal level, marijuana is an illegal schedule 1 drug; therefore, we will not employ any person who tests positive for marijuana, regardless of state legalization.

Equal Employment Opportunity:

Axos Bank is an Equal Opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex (including pregnancy, breast feeding and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military and veteran status, marital status, age, protected medical condition, genetic information, physical disability, mental disability, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws.

Job Functions and Work Environment:

While performing the duties of this position, the employee is required to sit for extended periods of time. Manual dexterity and coordination are required while operating standard office equipment such as computer keyboard and mouse, calculator, telephone, copiers, etc.

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

Options
