Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the Scientist supports stability coordination in all aspects of stability operations of clinical and commercial materials (drug substance/drug product).

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Oversees stability program schedules, implementation, and management for studies conducted by Contracted Service Providers (CSP).
Creates, reviews, and/or approves batch specific stability study protocols, summary tables, reports, and raw data as appropriate.
Determines stability sample requirements through review of test methods, specifications, and project plans to ensure adequate materials are placed in the stability chambers to support product characterization and retest/expiry dating.
Maintains schedule of stability pulls, testing deadlines, and reporting deadlines.
Monitors stability program execution.
Establishes Quality Metrics; tracks, trends, and follows-up on quality events, deviations, or any applicable nonconformance.
Escalates any Out of Specification / Trend (OOS/OOT) results, notifications, or observations according to the applicable Neurocrine SOP.
Prepares stability data graphs, evaluates stability trends and prepares retest period estimations for clinical trial/development materials and extensions of commercial product retest/expiry dating.
Ensures stability studies for commercial products are in accordance with current guidances (i.e. ICH, FDA, USP, and WHO), and are aligned with submission stability commitments.
Supports the maintenance or extension of commercial product retest/expiry dating in collaboration with Commercial Manufacturing.
Requirements:

BS/BA degree in chemistry or closely related field and 2+ years of pharmaceutical industry experience in an R&D/QC setting, including conducting HPLC analysis and troubleshooting, evaluating analytical data and drawing meaningful conclusions, OR
MS/MA degree in chemistry or closely related field (preferred) and some similar industry experience noted above, OR
PhD in chemistry or closely related field and some industry or relevant experience a plus
Knowledge of a GMP manufacturing environment
Highly motivated, self-starter with excellent oral and written communication skills
Must have previous analytical laboratory experience (experience with both small molecules and biologics is desirable)
High level of numeracy; experience in statistical analysis, kinetic analysis, and / or experimental design
Strong organizational skills and the ability to multi-task
Enthusiasm for developing an expanding technical and theoretical knowledge base
Familiarity with Lean Stability concepts, non-isothermal kinetic analysis, and SLIM/SLIMstat is desirable.
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
