DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryAs the Supervisory Aerospace Engineer of the Alternative Fuels Program Staff, the incumbent serves as the manager, directly supervising multiple employees. The Manager regularly coordinates with other Managers across multiple organizational units. The work requires application of professional knowledge, practices, principles, theories, concepts, methods, techniques, and abilities in aerospace engineering. He/She applies an advanced knowledge of the technical aspects of the work directed.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesThe incumbent supports the Manager, Center for Emerging Concepts and Innovation, to execute daily operations of the following: Align resources, activities, and stakeholders with AIR objectives; Develop personnel and resources consistent with AIR's future needs; Foster a work environment and culture that emphasizes employee engagement, risk-based decision-making, innovation, collaboration, communication, accountability, diversity and inclusion throughout the Section; Manage engineers involved in rule-making and policy as well as certification activities; Standardize all fuel and lubricant certification programs across all manufacturers, and develop and maintain the short and long term rule-making and policy plans for fuels and lubricants certification projects; Coordinate all rule-making and policy activities nationally and internationally and provide recommendations for Research and Development to support the Unleaded Avgas R & D program; Ensure the UAT Action Plan proceeds according to schedule and budget to accomplish the Destination 2025 avgas goal, and act as the FAA Lead for the Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative Steering Group to ensure a replacement fuel for leaded aviation gasoline is available and usable by most general aviation aircraft.Managerial duties includes: Monitors and evaluates performance. Executes personnel actions and/or corrective or disciplinary actions. Works to prepare employees for future opportunities across the division, with focus on continuity of operations and long term organizational success. Coaches, mentors, and develops employees to perform current work and support career progression for the future. Ensures employees have technical skills to accomplish their assigned tasks.Contacts are within the organizational unit, major subdivision and the LOB/SO with subordinates, peers, and higher level managers to discuss the status of projects/programs and to plan for the future. Team Environment: Monitors organizational health and regularly seeks input and feedback from employees. Establishes and enhances practices to encourage diversity and inclusion, communication, collaboration, and innovation in the resolution of issues. Communicates and regularly reinforces connectivity between subordinate employee activities and the broader AlR mission. Defines and assigns accountability for key internal performance objectives. Engages personnel in monitoring key performance indicators and making adjustments necessary to achieve key performance objectives. Works with employees to identify resource needs and advocates for resources on behalf of the team. Stakeholder Collaboration: Establishes and maintains effective communications within AIR. Partners with other AIR organizations to accomplish work. Represents FAA at aviation events, industry conferences, and other civil aviation authority meetings on topics pertinent to the Section. Mediates the resolution of controversial technical disputes involving complex engineering issues.Work is typically governed by established policies, procedures, and organizational objectives that frequently leave room for discretion. Resolves all but unique problems without the intervention of higher level management. Operations Monitoring: Engages employees in documenting, refining, and assuring compliance with processes governing all activities. Assesses the productivity, quality, effectiveness, and efficiency of organizational processes. Monitors/approves expenditure of funds. Reviews and approves time and attendance and assures accurate labor distribution reporting. Assigns, communicates, and clarifies context for tasks and responsibilities. Oversees daily operations to ensure timeliness, effectiveness, efficiency, productivity, and compliance with policy in attaining organizational goals. Facilitates coordination and effective communication across FAA organizations, the aviation industry, other civil aviation authorities, and union representatives to accomplish work.Travel Required25% or less - The job may require up to 25% travel.Supervisory statusYesPromotion PotentialNA* Job family (Series)0861 Aerospace Engineering* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* US Citizenship is required.* Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.* This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required.QualificationsBasic Requirements: Successful completion of a full four-year professional engineering curriculum leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in engineering in an accredited college or university. To be acceptable the curriculum must: (1) be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the ABET as a professional engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics; OR,ALTERNATIVE REQUIREMENTS: Combination of education and experience -- college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying professional engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following:* Professional registration: Current registration as a professional engineer by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico;* Written Test: Evidence of having successfully passed the Engineer-in-Training (EIT) examination, or the written test required for professional registration, which is administered by the Boards of Engineering Examiners in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico;* Specified academic courses: Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of a professional engineering curriculum as described in paragraph A;* Related curriculum: Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in engineering technology or in an appropriate professional field, e.g., physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance.Specialized Experience: In addition to the basic requirements, to qualify for this position you must demonstrate in your application that you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to FG-14 or FV-J. Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes:* Experience developing, interpreting, and applying Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) in Aviation Product Certification* Experience contributing to and supporting development of strategic plans for complex organization* Experience in developing plans and techniques to improve programs* Managing and directing work involved in the application of aviation safety regulations, policies and objectives to identify, define, or organize work for multiple work activities* Determining the levels of staffing and resources needed to accomplish goals by utilizing data as an analytical tool in identifying trends, adjusting work programs, and redirecting resources to improve the quality and effectiveness of assigned aviation programsEligible applicants meeting the minimum qualification requirements and selective factor(s), if applicable, may be further evaluated on the KSAs listed in the announcement. Based on this evaluation, applicants will be placed in one of the following categories: score order, category rating, or priority grouping and referred to the selecting official for consideration.Qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement.EducationThis position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page).Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration.Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html.Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered.This position has a minimum education requirement as specified in the Qualifications Required section. College/University transcript(s), or applicable documentation, described in the Qualifications Required section must be submitted by the closing date of this announcement to show the requirements are met; Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration. Please see Important Information Regarding Education under the Required Documents section.Preview Job QuestionnaireMake sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
