Job Description
Company Overview:

Vividion is a privately held biotechnology company based in San Diego that is leveraging an innovative and proprietary chemical proteomics platform to efficiently discover novel drugs in multiple areas including oncology and immunology. We aim to transform the future of human health through the limitless creation of highly selective small molecule medicines that reach unreachable targets. As an early stage startup company, Vividion is looking for energetic and experienced candidates with a desire to work in a fast-paced and dynamic team environment. We believe that the whole team contributes to the overall mission. We succeed as a team, and we grow as a team.

Job Summary:

Currently, our team is seeking a highly motivated Senior Scientist/Principal Scientist, to contribute to the identification and development of novel small-molecule drugs. The successful candidate will have extensive hands on experience and expertise in basic molecular biology, mammalian cell culture techniques, and cellular and biochemical assay development. They will design, plan, and support the validation of novel drug targets via multiple mechanisms. They will implement and utilize new technology and assays to support drug discovery, interpret experimental results and present work at company meetings. They will oversee and advise junior scientists.

Experience and education requirements:
Ph.D. with 7-10+ years of experience in cellular and molecular biology (biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry experience preferred)
Required technical skills include a strong molecular biology skill set (e.g., DNA cloning, transient transfection, site-directed mutagenesis), Western blotting, mammalian cell culture, stable cell line generation, gene synthesis
Experience with developing and optimizing high-throughput cellular and biochemical assays including the use of automation platforms
Train, manage, and develop junior scientists to design, analyze, and execute cellular and biochemical studies
Experience ensuring quality control and accurate analysis of data provided by CROs
Experience leading small molecule programs from target validation to lead optimization to IND-enabling studies
Cross-departmental coordination and project management experience required
Scientific understanding of E3 ligase biology and/or targeted degradation approaches is desired
Required Key Attributes:
Effective troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Be an effective team player and strong individual contributor, flexible, and able to handle multiple tasks and deliver high quality results under tight timelines
Further Information:

In addition to a competitive compensation package with stock options, Vividion also offers a comprehensive benefits package for our employees and their families, which includes medical, dental, vision, life, disability insurance. Vividion Therapeutics, Inc. is an EEO employer.

Powered by JazzHR

iCAJhz1h0M
