Gossamer Bio is seeking a highly qualified computational chemist to apply Computational chemistry and Cheminformatics techniques for the advancement of our small-molecule drug discovery programs. As a key member of the research team the candidate will have the opportunity to make direct contributions to the Gossamer Bio drug discovery efforts by applying structure and ligand-based in silico methods to design molecules to support all aspects of small molecule drug discovery ranging from lead identification to candidate selection.

Key Responsibilities
Partner with multidisciplinary and highly collaborative discovery teams to optimize & accelerate the development of novel drug candidates using advanced computational techniques.
Apply a variety of drug-design and computational chemistry methods to improve potency, selectivity, and ADME properties of lead compounds.
Contribute to compound design ideas and help establish new IP for the Gossamer Bio pipeline.
Develop hypotheses to understand ligand interactions and SAR by assimilating and interpreting data using modeling and data-mining techniques.
Develop Pipeline Pilot/ knime protocols to optimize computational chemistry and drug discovery workflows
Maintain and develop working knowledge of computational chemistry methods and their use in ligand design and data analysis as applied to drug discovery.
Participate in interdisciplinary teams and external collaborations.
Education & Experience
PhD in computational chemistry with 3-7 years of experience in the bio-pharmaceutical industry.
Advanced knowledge of medicinal and computational chemistry, cheminformatics principles and their application to drug discovery projects.
Strong experience in structure based, ligand based and fragment-based drug discovery is desired.
Proficiency in small molecule ligand discovery and cheminformatics techniques including, Molecular modeling, docking, Homology modeling, Pharmacophore modeling, QSAR, Clustering, Fingerprint & shape-based database search, Combinatorial library design, Virtual screening.
Strong hands-on experience in state-of-the-art Computational and Cheminformatics software like MOE, Schrodinger, Openeye, Pipeline Pilot/knime.
Proficiency in programming with C, C++, Python is desired.
Significant experience of working closely with medicinal chemists and drug discovery teams in a fast-paced environment.
A significant record of innovation as demonstrated by publications, presentations, and patents is desired.
Excellent communication and organizational skills are required.
Gossamer Bio is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants and complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.
