PSI Pax, Inc. has an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist 3 (Tableau – Statistics (Fleet Readiness), Tableau – Statistics (IT Portfolio), Predictive Analysis & Visualization) to support our government customer in San Diego, CA.

Position is contingent upon contract award.

Essential Job Functions & Responsibilities:

Tableau – Statistics (Fleet Readiness), Tableau – Statistics (IT Portfolio), Predictive Analysis & Visualization.

Conduct planning, analysis, integration, extraction, migration, and reporting of data in Navy Enterprise Resource Planning (N-ERP) and its associated software products. Create, maintain, and manage the tables, cubes, extracts, and reports used to provide the required information. Sustain the data structures, processes, principles, business rules, and operational practices of N-ERP in the current operating environment.

Utilize Government provided software environments, applications, and tools to support N-ERP, data analytics, and other IT operations. Configuration files, source code, scripts, reports, visualizations, analytics, and algorithms shall be developed and retained in tools within the Government provided environment.

In support of data analytics, work with other functional SME to produce and improve relevant analytics and reports in areas such as financial management, accounting, cost analysis, material management, human resources (workforce), total force management (manpower), logistics, Fleet readiness, installations, facilities, program management, IT management, cybersecurity, and other areas within the customer’s mission. Support business process engineering to align data analytics requirements to the customer’s business processes. Interact with SME to develop understanding of data sets, analytics requirements, business problems, leadership objectives, external stakeholder objectives, and metrics and produce requirements specifications. Digitize processes and implement tools integrated with data sources. Provide data integration to enable the discovery and monitoring of correlations among disparate data sources and metrics, as well as the identification of causal factors associated with anomalous data observations. Develop and implement predictive algorithms to identify leading indicators. Implement artificial intelligence driven knowledge bases. Provide user training on analytics and reporting.

Required Qualifications:

• Three (3) years of experience translating business requirements into reporting designs, predictive and statistical analysis, data cleansing, and visualizing business data.

• Two (2) years of experience using analytics environments necessary for specific job duties (Tableau, R, Python, etc.)

• Development of Systems Specification, Systems Analysis, Systems Architecture, Systems/Equipment Integration, Test & Evaluation Criteria for business systems.

• Eligible to obtain a SECRET level security clearance (final SECRET clearance required if tasking includes access to classified systems).

Education Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in one of the following fields: Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research. An additional 4 years of relevant specialized experience may be substituted for a Bachelor’s degree. Master’s degree preferred.

In addition, U.S Citizenship is required. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information and be able to obtain a DoD government-granted security clearance. Individuals may also be subject to a background investigation to include but not limited to criminal history, employment and education verification, drug testing, and creditworthiness.

PSI Pax is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, or genetic information.

PSI Pax is an E-Verify Participant.
