Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
As the subject matter expert, the Principal Scientist leads Health Economics and Outcomes Research (HEOR) data effort across portfolio of research projects. This individual designs, reviews, executes and maintains product/disease specific projects to establish prevalence or burden/ epidemiology of disease/symptoms or health outcomes from disease states and or treatments, and works closely with the Global Clinical Development, New Product Planning, Drug Safety, Biostatistics and Medical Affairs teams to achieve corporate strategic objectives.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Designs and runs epidemiological projects and studies
Collect and analyze data using targeted and systematic large data methods, including developing data collection criteria, collection tools, performing literature searches, and abstracting relevant data.
Designs, develops and implements multiple projects to using disease(s) or product(s) specific evidence to contribute to clinical strategy, value assessment and market access.
Contributes to the creation of department vision and goals.
Develop written materials (reports, manuscripts, presentations) for presenting project results.
Participate and effectively communicate in internal team discussions and in meetings with external stakeholders and clients.
Work closely with the product planning, development and clinical lead to be responsible for population prevalence and incidence content.
Collaborates with internal business partners to meet the evidence needs of external consumers.
May be asked to perform other project-related and infrastructure activities such as: recruiting experts for meetings, advisory groups, or panels; contributing to or reviewing proposals; assisting with problem-solving; researching potential solutions, manage vendors.
Other duties as assigned
Requirements:

Master's degree in public health or life sciences or MPH or equivalent and 6+ years of related experience, OR
PhD in Public Health or life sciences and 3+ years of related experience
Have used large commercial claims and publicly accessible data sets as the foundation of research
Epidemiology experience
Expert statistical modeling including using tools and programs such as R, SAS, STATA or similar statistical programming
Expert knowledge of Excel
Strong publication/medical writing experience is required
Ability to synthesize, analyze and summarize data, think critically, manage projects, influence others
Ability to work in a team environment, across multiple departments
Ability to synthesize complex clinical and non-clinical statistical and medical information to effectively communicate medical and scientific information
Expert data analytic skills
Excellent presentation and highly proficient computer skills (e.g., Word, Excel, PowerPoint,)
Effective interpersonal skills including the ability to build successful relationships with internal experts/teams and other stakeholders
Strong written communication skills
Sees broader picture, impact on multiple programs/projects, teams and/or departments
Show leadership skills and lead/mentoring lower level employee and / or indirect teams
Excellent project management skills
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
