Recruitment Period

Open date: July 10th, 2019

Last review date: Sunday, Sep 15, 2019 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled.

Final date: Thursday, Jul 9, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.

Description

Academic Position. The Division of Medical Genetics in the Department of Medicine at UC San Diego, is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body and seeks an Assistant, Associate, or Full Research Scientist.

Multiple opportunities for collaborative research will be available.

Candidates must have a PhD or MD/PhD in statistical or molecular genetics, computational or systems biology, or related discipline with multiple years of post-doctoral experience. Candidates with an MD must be board eligible/board certified in internal medicine or related field and have or be eligible for a California medical license or or equivalent certification/permit as determined by the California Medical Board.

Appointment will be at the Assistant, Associate or Full Research Scientist rank. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and based on University of California pay scales.

A link to full description of the Research Scientist series is provided for your review:

http://www.ucop.edu/academic-personnel-programs/_files/apm/apm-310.pdf

Applications must be submitted through the University of California San Diego's Academic Personnel RECRUIT system at: https://apol-recruit.ucsd.edu/apply/JPF02177

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.

Requirements

Document requirements
Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
Cover Letter
Statement of Contributions to Diversity - Applicants should summarize their past or potential contributions to diversity. See our Faculty Equity site for more information.
Misc / Additional (Optional)
Reference requirements
3-5 required (contact information only)
The University of California, San Diego is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. You have the right to an equal employment opportunity .

For more information about your rights, see the EEO is the Law Supplement

The University of California, San Diego is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities .

See our Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act Annual Security Reports
