The Principal Scientist, Assay Development, will be able to leverage deep experience in both wet- and dry-lab environments in a relevant industry. This role requires someone highly efficient at time management and prioritization, with demonstrated ability to mentor and provide direction and guidance to more junior colleagues; providing feedback as appropriate, establishing timelines to accomplish complex tasks, and troubleshooting with the team to solve problems and generate effective solutions.

To be effective in this role the successful candidate will need to able to spend time in the lab to become familiar with Epics processes and lead by example. The person in this role will be a member of highly collaborative, cross functional teams and will be able to communicate scientific plans, progress and results to other Epic departments and external parties, representing the assay development/product development team as needed.

ELEMENTS:

Education/Experience:

PhD with > 8 years relevant experience in biological sciences in commercial settings. In addition, the following characteristics are important:
Knowledge of oncology/immune-oncology, clinical studies, and clinical trial design
Knowledge of flow cytometry; immunoassay work, experience in IHC
Knowledge of NGS, PCR, ddPCR, qPCR, sample and library preparation
Experience working with CROs and/or assessing and vetting diagnostic platforms
Regulatory acumen for CAP/CLIA/clinical trial assays
Knowledge of design control requirements, PDP
CAP/CLIA/LDT V&V experience, FDA experience a plus
Communication Skill: Works effectively with both internal and external audiences to analyze, interpret, and summarize data both orally and in writing; ability to write and review detailed protocols and procedures and SOP's, and author reports and effectively present results, next steps, and potential challenges to internal and external audiences. Ability to effectively articulate and propose hypotheses and experimental plans to the immediate team and coordinate resources for execution and analysis of experiments.

Interpersonal Skill: Works highly effectively both as an individual and part of a team; can act as a project lead, technical mentor, and participate in cross functional groups with ease. Demonstrated ability to either manage independently or support relationships with external customers effectively. Interface with KOL's regularly.

Judgment: Provides strategic insight re: problem solving by offering novel approaches and incorporating new technologies, ability to design and lead (research, analyze data, interpret results, and provide summaries of same) projects and carry them to completion against a timeline

Execution: Highly efficient at time management and prioritization; able to help the group establish accurate timelines to accomplish complex tasks; ability to foresee potential issues, troubleshoot problems and generate effective solutions. Demonstrated ability to act as a technical resource for more junior members of the team. Ability to lead a team (both formally and informally) and provide feedback as appropriate; may be a member of cross functional teams and provide counsel and guidance re: possible strategic decisions. Models behavior that helps makes others successful and effective.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Provide technical expertise to lead assay development team efforts
Organize and prioritize experiments to project milestones and timelines
Coordinate projects daily providing scientific input, mentorship, and guidance to junior staff
Ensure timeliness and quality of all work including assay testing, reports, data analysis
Provide updates regarding status, issues, and changes related to ongoing experiments and ensure appropriate resource deployment to meet project goals
Consult on related technical issues, operational issues and lead problem solving and resolution efforts as needed
Responsible for supporting a positive, professional, team-oriented, harassment-free work environment by understanding and complying with the Employee Handbook and Safety Policy/Manual and all Human Resources policies, and by demonstrating the Companys values and being a role model for the Company Brand
ADDITIONAL DUTIES:

May perform additional duties as assigned or directed by management from time to time.
