POSITION SUMMARY

NantKwest Inc., an innovative immuno-cell therapy company, is seeking Senior Research Associate or Research Scientist level scientists for our Torrey Pines location in La Jolla, CA. The individual(s) will be part of the Primary Lymphocyte Process Sciences R&D Department responsible for approaches in support of our primary cell initiatives targeting cancer. We are seeking highly motivated and skilled individuals who will develop and implement approaches to assess the generation of NK and lymphocyte cell therapies that can be sustained for product development. Prior experience with primary lymphocyte experimentation would be preferred. Recent Ph.D. graduates could be well suited. These individuals will operate in a matrixed environment that spans across multiple functions, including Research and Process Development.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
As part of the larger Process Sciences Department or part of subgroups, develop, execute and document strategies for primary lymphocyte cell products at NantKwest.
Performs hands-on research in the companys laboratory to move scientific projects forward.
Familiar with lymphocyte isolation methodologies and propagation.
Conversant with flow cytometry techniques and analyses for lymphocyte characterization
Carry out a plate-based reporter and other immunological assays.
Strong working experience with recombinant molecular biology techniques.
Documentation of observations and data analyses with meticulous attention to detail, according to Good Documentation Practices (GDP), and Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) where applicable.
The successful candidate(s) will be required to work in BSL2 laboratory conditions.
Will be required to present and discuss data in group and Department settings
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Possession of a B.S. in biological sciences, and at least 2 years of relevant lymphocyte biology experience, preferably in an industry setting or a recent Ph.D. in immunology/cell biology/immuno-oncology or oncology.
Ability to be flexible, innovative and highly organized to work quickly and efficiently in a growing biotech start-up environment is necessary.
REQUIRED COMPETENCIES KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES
Experience in different techniques used in immunology, cell biology and cancer cell biology for primary lymphocyte cell product development.
Experience with isolation, propagation, and characterization of primary lymphocytes, especially NK cells would be preferred.
Proficiency in standard molecular biology techniques including vector design and cloning, sequence analysis, purification of DNA/RNA, gel electrophoresis, and mammalian expression.
