The USC Keck School of Medicine - Alzheimer Therapeutic Research Institute (ATRI), located in San Diego, California is an academic institute comprised of an expert panel of scientific collaborators committed to advancing the development of new treatments for Alzheimers Disease (AD) through innovative clinical trials.

Throughout our Institute the study teams are highly collaborative and are comprised of the lead scientist, ATRI faculty, biostatisticians, data managers, project managers, regulatory, system developers and industry partners.

The successful candidate will have at least 1.5 years experience in clinical trials at a pharmaceutical, biotechnology, or academic clinical research institute: as well as having excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Highly skilled with MS Office, especially Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. Strong ability to work with Clinical Data Management Systems and across multiple clinical trial studies. Understands databases and have excellent technical skills in querying and analyzing large clinical data. Some working knowledge of CDISC SDTM and CDASH is desirable but not required.

Key Responsibilities:
In partnership with the lead Data Manager for a study, the Data Analyst will perform User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on the Data management System as per the Edit Check Specifications.
Perform data review, data cleaning, query generation in the data management systems and follow-up until queries are properly closed.
Perform external lab data reconciliation
May be asked to contribute and maintain study documentation such as the data management plan, Post Entry Check specification and other study document as required.
Liaison with the clinical team such as the CRAs, Project manager and clinical sites.
May partake in site training and on boarding process.
Contribute to the database launch, maintenance, and database lock under the direction of the Lead Data Manager.
Contribute to continuous process improvement and process optimization initiatives.
Location: San Diego, CA

Salary is dependent on experience and education.

Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree, Combined experience/education as substitute for minimum education

Minimum Experience: 1 year

Minimum Field of Expertise: Experience in clinical trials data management. Requires strong attention to detail with prior data entry experience. Basic medical knowledge such as understanding medical terms and familiarity with various assessment criteria. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Able to manage time efficiently.
