Read what people are saying about working here. 

Role & Responsibilities:

 Work in collaborative environment with global teams to drive client engagements in a broad range of industries: Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Banking, Consumer Products & Retail, Financial Services, Healthcare, High Tech, Industrial Products, Insurance, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Public Sector, Telecom, Media & Entertainment, and Energy & Utilities.

 Quickly understand client needs, develop solutions, and articulate findings to client executives.

 Provide data-driven recommendations to clients by clearly articulating complex technical concepts through generation and delivery of presentations.

 Analyze and model both structured and unstructured data from a number of distributed client and publicly available sources.

 Perform EDA and feature engineering to both inform the development of statistical models and generate improve model performance and flexibility.

 Design and build scalable machine learning models to meet the needs of given client engagement.

 Assist with the mentorship and development of junior staff.

 Assist in growing data science practice by meeting business goals through client prospecting, responding to proposals, identifying and closing opportunities within identified client accounts.

 Participate in client discussions, interact with CxOs at client organization to articulate the value of data science approaches, different service offerings and guide them on implementation of the same.

 Collaborate with client managers in a broad range of sectors to identify business use cases and develop solutions in driving impact through data science and analytics, communicate results, and inform practice group through reports and presentations.

 Work with Capgemini’s global data science leadership to execute identified business use cases on time and manage project delivery / client expectations.

 Develop, enhance, and maintain client relations while ensuring client satisfaction.

 Ability to successfully deliver and manage multiple client engagements globally.

Requirements:

 5-10 years professional work experience as a data scientist or on advanced analytics / statistics projects.

 Preferred sector focus with 3+ years’ experience in one of the following industries: Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Banking, Consumer Products & Retail, Financial Services, Healthcare, High Tech, Industrial Products, Insurance, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Public Sector, Telecom, Media & Entertainment, and Energy & Utilities.

 Master’s degree from top tier college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, or other closely related field.

 PhD preferred.

 Strong understanding and application of statistical methods and skills: distributions, experimental design, variance analysis, A/B testing, and regression.

 Statistical emphasis on data mining techniques, Bayesian Networks Inference, CHAID, CART, association rule, linear and non-linear regression, hierarchical mixed models/multi-level modeling, and ability to answer questions about underlying algorithms and processes.

 Experience with both Bayesian and frequentist methodologies.

 Mastery of statistical software, scripting languages, and packages (e.g. R, Matlab, SAS, Python, Pearl, Scikit-learn, Caffe, SAP Predictive Analytics, KXEN, ect.).

 Knowledge of or experience working with database systems (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Postgres, ect.)

 Experience working with big data distributed programming languages, and ecosystems (e.g. S3, EC2, Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, SAP HANA, ect.)

 Expertise in machine learning algorithms and experience using the following ML techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF).

 Preferred experience with NLP, Graph Theory, Neural Networks (RNNs/CNNs), sentiment analysis, and Azure ML..

 Experience building scalable data pipelines and with data engineering/ feature engineering.

 Preferred experience with web-scrapping.

 Experience building and deploying predictive models.

 Expertise using PowerPoint and clearly articulating findings/ presenting solutions.

 Excellent team-oriented interpersonal skills and demonstrated leadership.

 Proven track record delivering successful data science projects and working with global teams.

 Demonstrated leadership by building Data Science teams and fostering growth.

Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.

Qualifications

Responsible for programming and software development using various programming languages and related tools and frameworks, reviewing code written by other programmers, requirement gathering, bug fixing, testing, documenting and implementing software systems. Experienced programmers are also responsible for interpreting architecture and design, code reviews, mentoring, guiding and monitoring programmers, ensuring adherence to programming and documentation policies, software development, testing and release.

Required Skills and Experience:

You assign, coordinate, and review work and activities of programming personnel. Collaborate with computer manufacturers and other users to develop new programming methods. Supervise, train, mentor junior level programmers in programming and program coding. Represent team in project meetings. Work with business and functional analysts, and software & solution architects in ensuring that programs and systems function as intended Supervise, mentor and manage large teams of programmers in one or more projects. Represent project teams in project/program meetings or in meetings with sponsor.

Qualifications: 6-12 years experience, Bachelor’s Degree.

Must have experience in Software Engineering Techniques, Software Engineering Architecture, Software Engineering Lifecycle and Data Management.

Should be proficient in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Software Engineering Leadership, Architecture Knowledge and Technical Solution Design.

Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.

Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

About Capgemini

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate).

Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.

 A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the...
