BioLegend develops world-class, cutting-edge antibodies and reagents for biomedical research, manufactured in our state-of-the-art facility in San Diego, CA. Our mission is to accelerate research and discovery by providing the highest quality products at an outstanding value, along with superior customer service and technical support. Our product expertise covers a diverse set of research areas including Immunology, Neuroscience, Cancer, Stem cells, and Cell Biology.

Job Summary

BioLegend is seeking an experienced, friendly customer-facingTechnical Service Scientist with an immunology, genomics/transcriptomics, neuroscience or cell biology background to work in new offices in sunny San Diego. Responsibilities include responding to technical related customer and distributor emails and phone calls, contributing to technical writing of marketing literature and other materials, contributing to website content, participating in business development, marketing, and sales activities including attending tradeshows and generating new leads.

Essential Functions

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Prioritizing customer requests to provide technical information and troubleshooting help via telephone and emails and customer follow up.
Utilizing scientific skills to provide product related education to the customers, and help to identify potentially non-conforming products based on available data.
Contribute to updating scientific content on the company website in terms of posters, product data sheets and web tools.
Identification of potentially new products or product lines, and attending scientific meetings and trade/vendor shows
Careful and diligent documentation of all technical issues according to our ISO 13485:2016 certified quality management system requirements.
iACT Competencies
innovate– Be better, keep improving, be more efficient, creative, and be in the forefront of development
Aspire– Have desire, purpose, and ambition challenging ourselves to push the limits and reach new heights
Collaborate– Foster teamwork, common goals, selflessness, communication and mutual support
Transform– Adapt, learn, re-invent and change for future development and growth
Minimum Qualifications - Education and Experience
Candidate must have a minimum degree of a B.S in Biology, Cell Biology, Genomics, or Immunology
Three (3) plus years of hands on experience in multicolor flow cytometry, western blotting, IHC, ICC, and ELISA applications.
One to three (1-3) years of Technical Support experience required.
Preferred Qualifications– Education and Experience
PhD in related field.
Extensive Technical Support experience is preferred.
Extensive knowledge and hands on troubleshooting experience in multicolor flow cytometry, western blotting, IHC, ICC, ELISA, and genomics/transcriptomics applications is preferred.
Work Environment& Physical Demands

While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works in an office setting. Occasional exposure to a laboratory environment.

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands and fingers to handle, feel, or operate objects, tools or controls, and reach with hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to stand, talk and hear.
