By clicking the Apply button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takedas Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description


Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? Join us as an Scientist II, DMPK in our San Diego, CA office.

At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world.

Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.

OBJECTIVES/PURPOSE
Provides technical leadership for research project implementation and coordination
Bioanalytical scientist with demonstrated depth of expertise of experience in LC-MS/MS techniques for therapeutic modalities such as peptides, siRNA, Anti-Sense Oligonucleotide (ASO) and Antibody-Drug Conjugates (ADC), primary objective to deliver high quality preclinical PK and biomarker data.
Participate in drug discovery through development and execution of quantitative bioanalytical assays to support preclinical PK and biomarker research.
Partner with various key stakeholders within the organization to provide scientific and technical expertise for the transfer, development and execution of pharmacokinetic and biomarker assays.
ACCOUNTABILITIES

Serve as lead bioanalytical scientist on project or DMPK bioanalytical representative on cross-functional teams.
Support early drug discovery and translational research by providing high quality bioanalytical support with focus on PK and biomarker assays via LC-MS/MS technology for non-small molecule modalities such as peptides, siRNA, Anti-Sense Oligonucleotide (ASO) and Antibody-Drug Conjugates (ADC).
Apply independent creative thinking in seeking solutions for moving projects forward. Develops and validates new bioanalytical methods to support completion of complex assignments to support compound progression
Utilizes technical literature to implement novel procedures, changes and improvements within a project. Can duplicate and appropriately modify experimental procedures based on the literature.
Interprets and analyzes data, helping to incorporate results into overall scientific projects, independently generates novel hypothesis
Maintains a proactive and vocal approach to improving departmental efficiency. Mentor and guide junior research scientists as appropriate.
Summarize and present results in cross-functional project teams and within the department. Proactively seek opportunities to keep current on professional skills. Highly encouraged to contribute to external presentations and publications.
DIMENSIONS AND ASPECTS

Technical/Functional (Line) Expertise
Demonstrates in-depth hands-on knowledge within LC-MS/MS of large molecules, with depth of analytical instrumentation experience. LBA experience nice to have.
Applies in-depth knowledge of concepts, applications and methods as the recognized technical expert in subfield
Proven track record in mass spec-based analytical approaches
Able to clarify requests and provide suggestions and put data into context
EDUCATION, BEHAVIORAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS:
PhD degree in a scientific discipline with 2+ years experience , or
MS with 8+ years experience, or
BS with 10+ years experience; in LCMS methods for diverse modalities (peptides, peptide conjugates, siRNA, ASOs) in PK or biomarker space.
Pharmaceutical industry experience in PK and/or biomarker research
WHAT TAKEDA CAN OFFER YOU:
• 401(k) with company match and Annual Retirement Contribution Plan
• Tuition reimbursement Company match of charitable contributions
• Health & Wellness programs including onsite flu shots and health screenings
• Generous time off for vacation and the option to purchase additional vacation days
• Community Outreach Programs

Empowering Our People to Shine

Discover more at takedajobs.com

No Phone Calls or Recruiters Please.

#LI-KL1

Locations


San Diego, CA

Worker Type


Employee

Worker Sub-Type


Regular

Time Type


Full time
