Scientist / Associate Scientist, Cancer Immunotherapy
Job Code 366GH
Description
Fate Therapeutics Cancer Immunotherapy group is seeking a motivated individual with expertise
in cancer biology, immunology, cell biology or related field to join a multidisciplinary team
dedicated to the discovery of novel off-the-shelf cellular therapeutics for the treatment of
cancer and other disorders. The successful candidate will be responsible for the development of
novel chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell products, including the derivation of multiplex
engineered off-the-shelf CAR-T cells, generated from induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs). The
selected candidate will be also responsible for developing unique and state-of-the art functional
assessment strategies in various tumor models. The candidate will play a key role in research
activities related to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center collaboration.
The successful candidate must have good knowledge on cell biology or cancer biology with an
emphasis on T cells. Prior experience with T cell signal transduction or cellular immunotherapy
in oncology is a plus. The candidate will characterize the phenotype and function of iPSCderived T cells, and investigate and identify desirable engineered modalities for the next
generation off-the-shelf CAR-T cells. This position will require independent research as well as
close coordination with molecular biology, cellular engineering, and process development
groups. This is a full-time, bench-level position reporting to a Scientist in Cancer
Immunotherapy and is located at the Company s corporate headquarters in San Diego,
California.
Responsibilities
Investigate, develop, and employ novel strategies to enhance T cell function for the next
generation iPSC-derived T cells
Differentiate and characterize off- the-shelf, iPSC-derived T cells
Conduct routine and develop novel cellular characterization strategies, including flow
cytometry, immunofluorescence, and RNAseq
Conduct routine and develop novel immune cell functional assays, including
proliferation, cytokine release, real time cell analysis for in vitro killing and persistence,
and in vivo or ex vivo tumor killing and persistence assays
Participate in daily laboratory maintenance activities including ordering and maintaining
stocks of lab reagents
Analyze and present data to immunotherapy groups, larger program-specific teams and
outside collaborators from world renown laboratories and pharmaceutical companies.
Qualifications
PhD degree in Cancer Biology, Immunology, Cell Biology or related fields with 0-2 years
of relevant experience, or M.S. degree in Biology or related fields with 4+ years relevant
experience, or B.S. degree in Biology or related fields with 8+ years of years relevant
experience, preferably in a biotech setting
Proven track record of leading or contributing to projects in immunology or cancer
biology
In-depth experience with multi-parameter flow cytometry is a must
Experience with 8+ color flow cytometry is a plus
Extensive mammalian cell culture experience with a minimal of 3 years of hands-on
experience
Experience with immune cell functional assays
Experience with CAR-T cells is a plus
Knowledge on T cell development, T cell signal transduction, or cellular immunotherapy
in oncology is a plus
Excellent communication, organization, and data analysis skills
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origins
Occasional evening and weekend work will be required
100% on-site work at the corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by
employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary
duties may be required from time to time.
For consideration send cover letter and resume to: and
reference Job Code 366GH.
About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.
Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development
of first-in-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has
established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, offthe-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product
platform. The Company s immuno-oncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell
and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established
cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to
target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company s
immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune , a pharmacologically modulated,
donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of
graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting
immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San
Diego, CA.
