Our PURPOSE—to enable healthier lives
everywhere, every day—is driven by a PASSION to become global champions for
women’s health. We succeed by fulfilling our PROMISE to bring The Science of
Sure® to life through product quality, clinical differentiation,
customer relationships and our team’s talent and engagement.

Our Purpose is simple: to enable healthier
lives everywhere, every day. Toward this end, we offer clinically proven
products designed to detect, diagnose and treat disease and other health
conditions that primarily affect women—earlier and more accurately than ever to
provide ever greater certainty and peace of mind. This focus has fueled our
long track record of innovative medical breakthroughs across many therapeutic
areas—breast health, cervical health, body composition, gynecologic health,
perinatal health, skeletal health and sexual health—touching the lives of more
than 230 million women around the world every year. In fact, as global
champions for women’s health, no company in the world has done more to fight
cervical and breast cancer than Hologic—and we will continue to challenge
ourselves to ensure that future generations of women have access to our
life-saving innovations.

Of
course, none of this would be possible without the talent and passion of our
employees. Together, our collective expertise and dedication to develop and
market robust, science-based certainty sustain a pipeline of exceptional
solutions that respond to the unmet health and wellness needs of women,
families and communities. And when we fulfill our purpose and promise to the
world, we also fulfill another goal: a business that generates sustainable
global financial growth
Job Summary

The Operations Scientist 1 supports various areas of manufacturing
including production and testing using technical knowledge for resolution of
issues or improvements related to product or processes.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

The incumbent may be
asked to perform other function-related activities in addition to the below
mentioned responsibilities as reasonably required by business needs.

·

Leads tasks required for the date extension of
product.

·

Leads evaluations for SPC trending of product release
results.

·

Uses sound lines of reasoning, interpretation of
data, and logic to execute product and process investigations and to author clear
and concise reports.

·

Performs experiments to support investigations and
may occasionally perform testing to support release of product.

·

Leads activities required for implementation of
Corrective and Preventative Actions.

·

Prepares and executes protocols and reports. Under guidance, generates data summaries
using statistical analysis.

·

Performs assessments of technical issues for risk and
impact to product and customers.

·

Participates in efficiency improvement and cost
savings initiatives.

·

Under guidance, evaluates and submits proposals for product
specification changes.

·

Performs Design/Risk assessments for change orders.

·

Collaborates in the execution of studies/projects
with strategic impact.

Collaborates with internal customers to develop
or modify policies and procedures.

Education

·

BA or BS degree and 4-6 years related experience in
scientific discipline.

Experience

·

Knowledge of cGMP,
QSR and ISO regulated environments including knowledge of compliance
enforcement necessary for 510K and PMA products.

Skills

·

Basic understanding of root cause analysis and
scientific method.

·

Demonstrates knowledge of and has the ability to
apply concepts of Statistical Process Control.

·

Basic understanding of statistical principles and their
execution.

·

Conducts tasks in accordance with Good Laboratory
Practices (GLP).

·

Ability to operate and perform limited trouble
shooting of complex lab equipment.

·

Demonstrates strong peer to peer communication skills
as well as possessing the ability to effectively communicate inter-departmentally
and with management.

·

Demonstrates the ability to triage tasks with
competing priority and recognize sense of urgency.

·

Adherence to FDA cGMP, ISO13485, company and
department procedures.

·

Basic understanding of design control and risk
management.

·

Ability to work independently with moderate
supervision on increasingly complex projects.

·

Ability to resolve technical issues.

Agency and Third Party
Recruiter Notice:

Agencies that submit a resume to Hologic must have a
current executed Hologic Agency Agreement executed by a member of the Human
Resource Department. In addition Agencies may only submit candidates to
positions for which they have been invited to do so by a Hologic Recruiter. All resumes must be sent to the Hologic
Recruiter under these terms or they will not be considered.

Hologic, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
inclusive of disability and veterans.
