Element Biosciences is a multi-disciplinary startup focused on innovating genetic analysis tools for the research and clinical markets. The Company's technology will broaden the end user experience through improved data quality and simplified workflows to benefit discoveries and diagnosis in healthcare.

This position seeks an individual with a solid understanding of fundamental image and signal processing methodologies is highly desired. The successful candidate should have a proven record of innovation as evidenced by publications and/or patents. Contribution to existing research programs as well as a strong desire to develop independent research programs is expected. Responsibilities include building the theoretical framework for traditional and non-traditional algorithms for processing data spanning raw signals to downstream analysis. Building data processing infrastructure by applying expertise in the areas microscopy, biophysics, physics, statistical computation. Interface with leaders in the fields of computer science and machine learning and apply new methodologies to existing processing infrastructure. Our work environment, provides a variety of projects with an opportunity to work on product design and green-field analysis infrastructure.
Responsibilities:
Fast prototype and test novel analysis algorithms
Architect, design, develop and test software in high level languages
Design, develop and execute theoretical and experimental plan independently as well as in a small team.
Interact closely with leaders in the areas of computer science and bioinformatics, biochemistry researchers, optical and mechanical engineers to develop comprehensive analysis solutions for complex datasets successful candidate will demonstrate skill and passion in applying new algorithms for HT image analysis datasets and image processing.
Participate in intellectual property creation.
Requirements:
Masters or PhD degree in physics, mathematics, electrical engineering, bioinformatics, or computer science.
2+ years industry experience preferred
Strong understanding of traditional image and signal processing methodologies and Monte Carlo simulation
Familiarity with bioinformatics and high dimensional DOE analyses.
Familiarity in microscopy for high throughput screening
Experience in algorithm modifications and optimizations for efficient image processing
Strong MATLAB, python or R experience desired. C/C++ and/or C# .NET programming skills a plus
Familiarity and knowledge of physical principles related to biochemistry, such as enzyme kinetics and surface based reaction chemistries.
Creative and independent thinker; excellent communication skills; good team worker; ability to multitask and work independently; ability to find creative solutions to problems are a great plus


We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.

We foster an environment such that all people are afforded the freedom to pursue their passions without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
