Janssen Research & Development,
L.L.C., a division of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies, is
recruiting for a Senior Associate Scientist, Parallel Medicinal Chemistry -
Discovery Chemistry located in La Jolla, CA (San Diego area).

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of
Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without disease.
Transforming lives by finding new and better ways to prevent, intercept, treat
and cure disease inspires us. We bring together the best minds and pursue the
most promising science.

We are Janssen. We collaborate with the
world for the health of everyone in it. Learn more at www.janssen.com and follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen
Research & Development, LLC is part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical
Companies.

We are seeking an experienced
Bachelor's- or Master's -level medicinal chemist with excellent organic
synthesis expertise and experience in the field of parallel synthesis and/or
high throughput experimentation (HTE) to advance small molecule drug discovery
programs toward the clinic. In this laboratory-based position, the successful
candidate will partner with both internal and external medicinal chemistry
teams to generate innovative solutions to synthetic and medicinal chemistry
challenges within the context of small molecule drug discovery projects. She/he
will work closely with other medicinal chemists, computational chemists, and
biologists in a cross-functional team. Strong people skills and the ability to
thrive in a multidisciplinary, goal driven environment are key attributes.

Key
Responsibilities include:

+ Maintaining
a high level of productivity in the laboratory setting.

+ Working
with autonomy to design experiments, interpret large datasets, and propose
next steps.

+ Synthesizing
drug-like molecules utilizing medicinal chemistry knowledge and an
understanding of ADME, pharmacokinetics and optimal physicochemical
properties.

+ Identify
opportunities to collaborate with medicinal chemistry teams to apply
automated chemistry capabilities, such as parallel medicinal chemistry,
high throughput experimentation (HTE) and high throughput purification
(HTP) to accelerate the discovery chemistry programs.

+ Minor
maintenance and troubleshooting of common issues related to robotic
instruments (Unchained Labs, Chemspeed, automated pipettors, Biotage
reactor, etc) and other laboratory instruments (glovebox, UPLC, etc).

+ Participate
in the design of new automated workflows with the team as the need arise.

+ Collaboratively
supporting the advancement of compounds through in vitro and in vivo
studies to identify development candidates.

+ Collaboration
with structure-based design groups to impact rational design of molecules.

+ Working
on novel, testable hypotheses to enable clear decision making.

+ Contributing
to scientific strategies and goals within a project team setting.

+ Presenting
data and reports on project status at individual and group meetings.

+ Generating
data for and serving as co-author on research published in peer reviewed
journals and presenting work at scientific conferences.

Qualifications

+ A
Bachelor's Degree in a Chemistry discipline with at least 9 years of
medicinal chemistry industry experience is required.

~ OR ~

+ A
Master's Degree in organic or medicinal chemistry with at least 6 years of
medicinal chemistry industry experience is required.

+ Experience
in the design and synthesis of small molecules through parallel medicinal
chemistry techniques and/or high throughput experimentation reaction
screening is required.

+ Previous
experience with automated platforms and/or robotic instruments is
preferred (examples may include: Unchained Labs, Chemspeed, automated
pipettors, Biotage reactor, etc.)

+ The
ability to operate, maintain and troubleshoot minor issues with high
throughput synthesis systems is preferred.

+ Strong
track record of achievement in medicinal chemistry, with a deep knowledge
of modern synthetic, analytical techniques is required.

+ Proven
track record of scientific contributions including peer reviewed
publications, patents and presentations is preferred.

+ Independent
thinking and the ability to effectively collaborate in a highly matrixed
environment is required.

+ Excellent
oral and written communication skills, including preparation of
presentations is required.

+ This
position is based in our company location in San Diego, CA, and may
require approximately 10% or less travel.

Johnson
& Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard
to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age,
national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated
against on the basis of disability.

Primary Location

United States-California-San Diego-

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

9445200225
