Beckman Coulter develops, manufactures and markets products that simplify, automate and innovate complex biomedical testing. Our diagnostic systems, found in hospitals and other critical care settings around the world, produce information used by physicians to diagnose disease, make treatment decisions and monitor patients. Scientists use our life science research instruments to study complex biological problems including causes of disease and potential new therapies or drugs. More than 275,000 Beckman Coulter systems operate in both diagnostics and life sciences laboratories on all seven continents. For 80 years, our products have been making a difference in peoples lives by improving the productivity of medical professionals and scientists, supplying critical information for improving patient health and reducing the cost of care.

Field Application Scientist Genomics West

Job Purpose: As part of the Genomics Reagent Commercial Organization, the Genomics Field Applications Scientist (GFAS) will support portfolio growth through direct scientific collaboration with customers and by generating scientific proof of principle (POP) data utilizing Beckman products to solve customer problems. The GFAS will also drive the development of scientific content showing technical differentiation by user application. In addition to these core functions, GFAS will provide support for strategic marketing messaging through the generation, both direct and indirect, of scientific content to be utilized by various commercial organizations within Beckman Life Sciences. The position reports to the Sr. National Sales Manager for Genomics.

Domestic travel is required up to 75%.

Position is based in field on West Coast with priority in San Francisco Bay Area.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate closely with the commercial sales organization to provide proof of principle data, technical support, and scientific content with the goal of providing confidence to a customer looking to adopt a Beckman genomics reagent solution. (30%)
Support customers evaluations of chemistries and method development in a field-based setting. Install methods for chemistry on liquid handling platforms.
Design and execute scientific experiments. Experiments will be focused on generating data demonstrating evidence of product suitability for a given customer application. (30-40%)
Fully understand genomic customers needs and goals.
Work directly with collaborators to evaluate and validate optimized chemistries.
Develop expert level knowledge in the use of Beckman genomics reagents for supporting the development of new customers.
Provide input and support to development projects as a customer advocate.
Maintain accurate and timely record keeping
Collaborate with all stakeholders to utilize Danaher Business Systems (DBS) for ongoing process improvement
Qualifications
PhD in a life sciences field: Chemistry, Biology, Biochemistry, Molecular Biology or Masters degree in relevant field with 3+ years experience in the role described.
Previous lab experience working in the life science industry desirable.
Sufficient knowledge of molecular biology, biochemistry, and related sciences to understand complete genomics workflows.
Technical expertise in nucleic acid isolation methods and downstream applications including Next Generation Sequencing and Crispr/Cas9.
Understanding of chemical or mechanistic interactions between nucleic acids and surfaces and/or reagents
Experience with automation of nucleic acid chemistry and/or automation for other molecular biology applications required.
Excellent troubleshooting skills
Exceptional communication (verbal and written)
Strong MS Office skills(Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Demonstrated track record of achievement
Demonstrated ability in and commitment to continuous process
Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 71,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $19.9B in revenue last year. We are ranked #162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 5,200% over 25 years.

At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We're innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you'll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team.

Danaher is committed to competitive compensation that typically has key components including base salary, variable annual incentive compensation based on personal and company performance, and long-term incentive.

Equal Opportunity Employer


Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The EEO is the Law poster is available at: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf.

Accommodations


Individuals who need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process should call 202-419-7762 or e-mail applyassistance@danaher.com to request accommodation.

Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The EEO is the Law poster is available here.
