Element Biosciences is a multi-disciplinary startup focused on innovating genetic analysis tools for the research and clinical markets. The Company's technology will broaden the end user experience through improved data quality and simplified workflows to benefit discoveries and diagnosis in healthcare.

We’re looking for a talented and organized team player to work together in Genomic Application Team. This individual will be passionate and self-motivated to work with internal groups and external customers, to drive the assay development in various applications to answer biological questions. Implement new innovations to support the advancement and adoption of Element Biosciences’ new NGS platforms.
Responsibilities
Independently design, plan, and carry out experiments, perform in-depth data analysis, and present results and conclusions for internal review.
Keep current with the field of genomics, especially NGS methodologies. Explore and test feasibility of innovative genomics assays to facilitate biological and genetic studies.
Demonstrate exceptional time management skills and drive to implement new assays to support NGS platform adoption within challenging timelines.
Collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams, including chemistry, engineering, bioinformatics, software, and commercial. Provide technical leadership in supporting customer solutions and impacting product specifications in product design and development.
Opportunity to manage and develop a small team of research associates and scientists.
Write and present reports and project assessments to Senior Management.
Requirements
Ph.D. in Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Biomedical Engineering, or another related field.
3+ years’ industrial research or development experience.
Strong technical proficiency and scientific creativity with background in Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, or related field.
Demonstrated success in technology development in a cross-disciplinary environment, preferably in product development with emphasis on NGS library assays.
Success in leading assay development in fast paced environment. Core Team experience or external collaboration experience is a plus.
Extensive experience in nucleic acid analysis and manipulation, including purification, amplification, hybridization, etc.
Proficient analytical and data analysis skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Managing assay development activities to support internal or customer/partnership.
Preferred Experience
In-depth knowledge and experience with NGS application assays: WGS, targeted sequencing, RNA-Seq, single-cell, Chip-Seq, metagenomics, etc. Familiar with NGS sequencing platforms and instruments.
Experience with sample prep and handling: Saliva, blood, FFPE, etc. gDNA, cfDNA, RNA extraction, purification, amplification, etc.
Experienced user of data analysis tools, such as JMP, Matlab, R, Excel. Familiar with NGS data analysis pipelines and interpretation.
Experience with assay customization and automation.
People managing experience with junior lab operators.
We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.

We foster an environment such that all people are afforded the freedom to pursue their passions without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
