Job Description
Job Title: Data Scientist

Job Location: Irving, TX
Yrs of Exp: 6 to 9 Yrs

Description:
Responsible for developing strategies for effective data analysis and reporting.
Selects, configures, and implements analytical solutions.
Develops and implements data analytics, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Manages computer systems in a business environment and responsible for resolving technical issues.
Knowledgeable in programming, data structures, computer systems, and software engineering.
Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, software engineering, or other related field. Ability to manage multiple assignments.
Superior written and oral communication skills.
6-10+ years of experience.
Requirement:
Strong in Data Science and as a Data scientist experience with building statistical models and intelligence around it - AIML ·
Programming experience with at least 6 years of Oracle pl/sql, 3 years of Hadoop and 1 year of Java experience.
Proven understanding and related experience with Hadoop, HBase, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Flume, Hbase, Map/Reduce, Apache Spark as well as Unix OS Core Java programming, Scala, shell scripting experience.
Hands on Experience in Oozie Job Scheduling, Zookeeper, Solr, ElasticSearch, Storm, LogStash or other similar technologies
Must have experience with MQ technologies (Kafka, RabbitMQ).
Solid experience in writing SQL, stored procedures, query performance tuning preferably on Oracle 12c.
Experience working with CI/CD and DevOps
Responsibilities:
Identify new opportunities, use cases and build data models in RA and Enforce . Train Data models to proactively identify revenue leakages and Fradulant behaviours Participate in Agile development on a large Hadoop-based data platform as a member of a distributed team .
Come out with different statistical models and build data insights on revenue leakages possiblities
Code programs to load data from diverse data sources into Hive structures using SQOOP and other tools.
Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed design.
Analyze vast data stores.
Code business logic using Scala on Apache Spark.
Create workflows using Oozie.
Code and test prototypes.
Code to existing frameworks where applicable
Education/Certifications: Bachelor's/Masters in Computer Engineering or Information Technology Hadoop and AIML Certification is added advantage
