POSITION SUMMARY
The Senior Scientist, Analytical Chemistry facilitates and assists in execution of systems to assure cGMP compliance for all relevant operations carried out within and for BioDuro LLC. Responsible for performing advanced experiments and general laboratory duties.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
Performs quality control analysis for raw materials, drug product, stability testing and final release testing.
Perform analytical testing on raw material, in-process and finish products using HPLC/UPLC, GC (Headspace analysis) and UV instruments.
Perform analytical testing using FTIR and KF. Perform Dissolution Analysis.
Develops and validates analytical methods
Follows Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), protocols and other instructions from management
Works with advanced methods and performs advanced experiments accurately, consistently, and in a timely manner
Writes/Revises SOPs, Test methods, Stability Protocols, and Specification documents.
Writes/Conducts Lab investigations and Deviations
Practices good notebook keeping and labeling practices
Performs data analysis using Excel spreadsheets and other necessary tools
Assists with method development and method validation
Assists other Chemists with assigned projects.
Train junior chemist on lab activities.
Complies with all laboratory safety guidelines including Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Maintains general cleanliness of the lab, including personal bench space and common use areas
All other tasks and duties assigned as perceived and agreed upon by senior management
KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS
Qualifications Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation:
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
BS degree in Chemistry or related scientific discipline with 8 years’ experience
MS in Chemistry or related scientific discipline with 6 years’ experience
PhD in Chemistry or related scientific discipline with 4 years’ experience
At least 6 years of experience in an analytical chemistry or quality control laboratory in the pharmaceutical or contract testing organization.
At least 6 years of experience in a GMP environment
Extensive experience with HPLC and other scientific instrumentation
SKILLS
Detailed attention in job performance
Improvement on the quality system
Good attitude, work ethic and natural leadership
Achievement of an advanced degree or certification
Excellent written and verbal communication
SUPERVISION AND LEADERSHIP
Leadership: Provide leadership, operational, technical and GMP oversight to the Analytical Chemistry department
Supervision: Supervise/manage/direct the selection, training, development, scheduling of projects and resources and work assignments of personnel.
WORKING CONDITIONS
Well-lit, heated and/or air-conditioned indoor office, laboratory, and manufacturing setting with adequate ventilation. Light physical activity performing non-strenuous daily activities of a productive/technical nature.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Use of all general office tools and equipment
Ability to sit and stand for long periods of time.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed, as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. They are representative in that the qualifications and physical demands must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. BioDuro is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Powered by JazzHR

Job Type: Full-time
