NantKwest Inc., an innovative cell therapy company, is seeking a Senior Scientist, Analytical Development) for our Torrey Pines location in La Jolla, CA. The individual will be responsible for establishing analytical strategies, techniques and approaches in support of process and product improvements for engineered cell products (NK) and ancillary materials. Individual will develop and implement analytical approaches to assess the phenotype, function, potency, and functional attributes of engineered NK-cells with the aim of establishing appropriate characterization and analytical control strategies. Proven track record of providing leadership to accelerate clinical product development, implementing best-in-class testing strategies. Individual will operate in a matrixed environment that spans across multiple functions, including Research, Process Development, Quality Control, Regulatory Affairs, and Manufacturing Operations. She/he will provide scientific, technical and managerial leadership of the Analytical Development organization.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop, execute and document analytical methods to study and characterize processes for production of NK cell therapies in CMC Development.
Maintain, calibrate and operate cell analytical equipment and instruments.
Develop standard operating procedures, analytical test methods, analytical sampling plans and batch records.
Write, review and edit accurate technical documents.
Work with a cross-functional team to advance development of NK cell therapy products.
Develop or adapt analytical methods for cell therapy products and develop process improvements and efficiencies.
Design and execute method development and qualification in support of lead candidate selection, process development, product release and stability, and product characterization.
Design and execute experimental approaches and new analytical technologies and assists with continuous improvement of analytical tools.
Design and execute experiments to develop, qualify, and transfer cell-based potency methods for the testing and release of pipeline products.
Provide in depth and hands on technical expertise to aggressively progress the companys portfolio.
Author development, assay qualification reports and regulatory documents. Ensure adherence to high technical standards and compliance with applicable regulatory guidelines in the generation of analytical data to support regulatory filings.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:

Ph.D in immunology, cell biology, biochemistry, or biological sciences
Minimum of 5 years of experience in biopharmaceutical or pharmaceutical industry required with prior scientific and technical leadership responsibility
Hands on experience with the development and validation of analytical test methods for biologics and cGMP manufacturing
Demonstrated proficiency in design of experiments and data analysis
Ability to think critically, and demonstrated troubleshooting and problem solving skills
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills are essential in this collaborative work environment
Experience with immunoassay technologies such as, flow cytometry, and ELISA
Experience in developing and validating methods for testing of batches, developing and validating methods for new or existing stability program
Ability to interpret and apply ICH guidance, cGMP, USP, regulatory requirements and industry best practices
Follow laboratory procedures with attention to detail, and successfully execute experiments at the bench
Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction and able to adjust workload based upon changing priorities
Self-motivated, detail-oriented, and willing to accept temporary responsibilities outside of initial job description
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
Able to manage multiple projects in parallel, including key participation on multi-disciplinary project teams
Development, and validation of cell-based assays for QC release testing and product characterization
Extensive experience in all aspects for the technical transfer of analytical methods between facilities is required
All hires are based upon successful completion of background checks
