This position requires a broad knowledge of anatomy, physiology and biochemistry to help develop and support in vivo models to screen therapeutics and devices being developed for various disorders. Serve as a senior scientist in the conduct of assigned nonclinical research studies at all levels of complexity, interpretation and reporting of study data, and assuring the regulatory compliance of these projects, as appropriate. Additional responsibilities include serving as a primary scientific contact for key clients and the on-site support of their programs, as well as the support of specialty studies.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities
Serve as the Principal Investigator/ Study Director responsible for preclinical studies in various species.
Participate in study design and preparation of preclinical studies for medical device, dermal or regenerative products.
Fully support execution of preclinical studies.
Help in the preparation of study protocols and reports.
May be required to serve on the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC).
Interface with different teams including in vivo scientists, QC/QA, Account Managers/Sales.
Maintain accurate records in various internal databases.
Write or revise Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to assure facility compliance with applicable regulations, Client expectations, and current industry standards
Support internal research projects to optimize service offerings.
Perform other duties as directed by Management.
Candidate Requirements:
Background in lab animal (in vivo) research is a must. Working knowledge of medical devices, dermal or regenerative medicine techniques.
Ability to perform study duties and responsibilities in multiple species (minimally, mice, rats and guinea pigs) with minimal supervision.
Ability to perform injections, such as, intramuscular, subcutaneous, intravenous (tail vein iv), retro-orbital, and/or intradermal.
Experience with anesthesia administration and monitoring, and necropsy in small and large animals.
Experience in aseptic technique and surgical procedures a plus.
Position requires good communication skills and attention to detail.
Strong work ethic, self-motivation, and ability to adapt in a dynamic team environment are keys for success.
Education:

Graduate level degree (e.g. M.S. /PhD, DVM) in pharmaceutical sciences, life sciences, or pharmacology required. Post-doctoral candidates are desirable

Additional training in the GLPs and other applicable regulations required.

Experience:

Minimum 3 6 years' experience based on education.

Benefits:

Absorption Systems cares about our work community and offers a variety of benefits allowing employees the opportunity to customize a benefits package that meets their personal needs. Company benefits include the following:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Health Reimbursement Account
Flexible Spending Accounts - Healthcare & Dependent Care
Employee Life Insurance
Voluntary Life/AD&D Insurance
Long Term Disability
401k
About Absorption Systems

Absorption Systems, founded in 1996, assists pharmaceutical and medical device companies in identifying and overcoming ADMET (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, Excretion and Toxicity) barriers in the development of drugs, biologics and medical devices. Additionally, Absorption Systems goes deep into each of those areas, offering in vitro, in situand in vivo models to assess the properties in question. The company's mission is to continually develop innovative research tools that can be used to accurately predict human outcomes or to explain unanticipated human outcomes when they occur. The CellPort Technologies platform, a suite of human cell-based test systems for drug transporter characterization, exemplifies Absorption Systems' commitment to innovation and is soon to be an industry assay standard for in vitrodrug interaction assessment.

Absorption Systems has facilities in Exton, PA, San Diego, CA, and Boston, MA to serve customers throughout the world.

Alongside of our enthusiasm for science and research, we have a passion to see each and every one of our employees grow and succeed both personally and professionally. We encourage our employees to continually enhance their ability to contribute to the success of the organization and advance their careers. Absorption Systems is committed to creating an environment where individuals are encouraged to grow and work in collaboration with each other while being passionate about innovation. The professional culture of our organization is a goal oriented environment full of internally driven and motivated professionals. Our company is unique in the fact that there is freedom for autonomy to execute and the ability for each employee to grow in directions that align their individual aspirations with company growth.

Please visit http://www.absorption.com to learn more.

Absorption Systems is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
