This role is located in San Diego. Relocation is required. We offer relocation Assistance!


Apply easy by emailing your resume directly to the job!: algo__autobench_research_scientist_a84151f42us@ivy.greenhouse.io

Company Overview


Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!

As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are at the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are leading the industry in autonomous trucking.

While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.

TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first global commercially viable autonomous truck driving platform!

Job Description (Automatic Bench Marketing Research Scientist)

Are you a strong programmer? Do you also have a good understanding of machine learning methods? Will you feel excited to convert abstract machine learning formulations into product-level code? If so, this is the right role for you!

Responsibilities:
Automatic Bench Marketing Research Scientist
Able to work independently with minimum supervision and deliver high-quality and reliable code for running trucks
Build extensive tests and benchmarks for the algorithm
Maintain testing pipelines for terabytes of data
Closely collaborate with other engineers to conduct system design, integration and tests.
Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or other related fields
Solid knowledge in algorithms and data structures
Deep knowledge and experience in one or more of the following fields:
system design
large-scale data visualization
high performance computing
big data / data mining
applied machine learning
Product-quality code in C++ and/or Python
Preferred:
Successful participation in competitive programming (ACM/ICPC, OI, Topcoder, Codeforces, Kaggle)\
1-3+ as a Automatic Bench Marketing Research Scientist
Perks
We offer relocation and Work Visa Sponsorship!
Competitive salary and benefits
Work with world class AI Engineers
Shape the landscape of autonomous driving
Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner
Full kitchen with unlimited snacks and fruits
Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan
Company 401(K) program
Company paid life insurance
TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items.

This role is located in San Diego. Relocation is required. We offer relocation Assistance!


Very easy to apply by emailing your resume directly to the job!: algo__autobench_research_scientist_a84151f42us@ivy.greenhouse.io
