Position Overview

The Healthcare Data Analyst supports the IT department and will work side by side with the production support team, development team, and solution consulting team to optimize and/or develop automated processes for importing healthcare industry claims and charge data, analyzing large data sets to optimize client experience and auditing for data integrity. The Healthcare Data Analyst will also be responsible for developing detailed report analysis and communicating analytic insights to management, consulting teams, and product teams. This position takes direction from the Data Management Manager.

Duties and Responsibilities
Extract, load and reconcile large data sets from multiple system platforms and sources.
Review data to determine operational impacts, trends and areas for improvement.
Utilize SQL or other advanced analytic tools to perform data extract and query functions.
Identify and troubleshoot data anomalies and irregularities.
Perform data quality audits.
Perform quantitative and/or qualitative data analysis and share results with internal and external customers.
Develop, collect and document business requirements for reporting and analysis initiatives with internal and external customers.
Ability to guide and communicate effectively with client IT to gather large data sets for importing.
Experience with developing, maintaining, monitoring, tuning/optimizing and troubleshooting SQL queries.
Become a data subject matter expert(SME) and understand various sources and applications of Vitalware data.
Establish best practices for data workflows.
Design, implement and enhance ETL processes.
Excellent logical and problem-solving abilities.
Monitor and troubleshoot data implementation issues through to resolution.
Guide our efforts in all areas of data performance and reliability.
Qualifications and Experience Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent preferred.
4+ years of experience in an analytic role.
Proficiency in managing electronic medical records.
Model data using MS Excel, SQL, and/or other data analytical tools.
Experience with TSQL query language and stored procedures, jobs, etc.
Knowledge of ANSI X12 837 claim files highly desired.
Knowledge of healthcare claims data formats and concepts highly desired.
Skill and Ability Requirements
Enthusiastic about sharing knowledge and experience.
Passionate about learning.
Excellent communication written and verbal.
Strong presentation, interpersonal and consultative skills a must
Ability to manage multiple projects/tasks simultaneously.
Good judgment and decision-making skills.
Maintains a positive and results-oriented attitude.
Must be well organized, accurate and attentive to detail.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
Communicate effectively with technical and non-technical people.
Be proactive in keeping your skills up to date with the latest technologies.
Be thorough about all tasks and conduct tests as needed to ensure the job is well done.
Ability to work well under pressure and in a collaborative team environment.
