Looking for your next opportunity? If so, choose PCCI and discover what a meaningful job feels like. Whether you work directly with patients or use your talent to support our care, you’ll be part of a team that’s providing valuable health services to Dallas County residents. And here, you’ll have the opportunity to put all your skills to work, and the support to grow and advance in your job and your field. Step into a career that will make a substantial difference for our patients—and for you. We blend cultures, talents, and experience into an exemplary health and hospital system. Parkland has earned distinction as one of America’s Best Hospitals by U.S News and World Report every year since 1994.

Primary Purpose :As an experienced data analytic scientist, will be responsible for coordinating specific phases of data analytics (extraction, analysis, manipulation, synthesis, summary, validation, testing, and maintenance) with the objective of creating and building predictive models and algorithms for clinical and operational initiatives as identified by PCCI.

Minimum Specifications:

Education : Must have a Master's Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Informatics, Computer Science, Operations Research, or a related field.

Experience : Must have three (3) years of experience in analysis of business related data and information systems. Must have research and development experience on predictive modeling, data mining and management, and other advanced analytics in the development of business intelligence and technology transfer. Must have experience developing data mining solutions using various statistical software packages (Ex: R, Python, etc.) Prefer experience working with healthcare organizations and healthcare applications. Prefer experience working within a complex, academic healthcare organization.

Equivalent Education and/or Experience : May have an equivalent combination of education and experience to substitute for both the education and the experience requirements.

Certification/Registration/Licensure : None Required

Tests for Placement : None

Skills or Special Abilities: Must be able to demonstrate an expert knowledge of statistical methods, concepts, practices, procedures, and their application. Must have a strong understanding of healthcare inpatient and outpatient operations and regulatory requirements. Must be able to demonstrate a comprehensive level of knowledge with regard to healthcare software design and development. Must be able to demonstrate expert level critical thinking skills to solve challenging advanced analytics problems and provide solid solutions. Must demonstrate comprehensive knowledge of : IS operational policies, procedures, and standards. Application features and their integration capabilities .Business process analysis and redesign, including benefits engineering . Statistical methods, concepts, practices, and procedures used for health outcome research. High deduction skills : must be able to use fundamental analysis and reasonable judgments to deduce answers for complex issues. Must have a strong commitment to customer service. Must have demonstrated experience and strong commitment to benefits engineering and performance metrics. Must be able to demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skills. Must understand and engage audience to achieve the best results. Must be flexible and be able to prioritize and reprioritize projects in line with Parkland Center for Clinical Innovation's leaders to meet deadline and deliverables. Must demonstrate exceptional abilities for high level comprehension of projects and environment as well as remain extremely detail oriented for tasks and responsibilities. Must be independent and reliable with the ability to drive initiatives to completion. Must have knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet, data management, and statistical analysis software. Must demonstrate excellent knowledge and experience using different software including STATA, SPSS, SAS, Python, and others performing data cleaning, manipulation, processing, management, and statistical analysis.

Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Dallas
Nearest Secondary Market: Fort Worth
Job Segment:
Business Process, Management
