Description:

Founded in 2014, Vinli is an automotive technology company based in the heart of Downtown Dallas. In just six years, our team has built the most advanced vehicle data computing platform, grown into the largest connected car app ecosystem, and secured global partnerships with significant players in the telecom, automotive, and asset management industries. Vinli’s fully customizable platform has enabled sophisticated brands to easily engineer connected car services, allowing them to capitalize on both their vehicle data and other related data sources.

At Vinli, our passion is building products that unlock the true value of connected cars by showing drivers, passengers and organizations the potential hidden within their vehicles' data. This includes staying on the cutting edge by investing in technologies like machine learning & AI. We are looking for a well-rounded individual with interest and experience in the engineering, mathematical and scientific sides of developing a machine learning product. This role also has the opportunity to develop into a team leadership position.

The ideal candidate is located in Dallas, TX, but telecommuting is an option for exceptional candidates with proven remote experience.

ABOUT THE ROLE
Vinli is looking for an exceptional talent to add to an already amazing team. You’ll have the chance to work with the latest technologies - GoLang based microservices in a true, cloud-based, big-data application environment. You’ll work in partnership with a group of amazing engineers with expertise in designing and building beautiful customer experiences and structuring the data to support them. There will be many opportunities to forge your own path and demonstrate individual excellence, all while pulling together with a team who is ready to support you and eager for your help. We practice Agile development in the true sense - adhering to the principles of Agile, not adhering to a specific methodology. And, we have a lot of fun. Join us in creating the future of mobility.

Responsibilities
Develop and execute on testing and evaluation methodologies to optimize product prices
Perform market research and develop automated methods to keep research up to date
Behavioral Segmentation
Build production-grade segmentation models using customer behavior data
Develop and execute on experimental methodology to focus our digital marketing and maximize the return on ad spend
Predictive Model Building & Analysis
Build and maintain production-grade clustering, classification, and predictive models
Develop algorithms to provide a deeper understanding of our data
Contribute to our data models and derive insights from a variety of data sources

Experience
Master’s degree in statistics, mathematics or related analytical discipline preferred (PhD a plus)
Proficiency in statistical models and thinking (probability, regression, segmentation)
Proficiency in Python, Spark and SQL
2+ years experience in a fast-paced startup environment a plus
Prior experience in price optimization and consumer segmentation is a huge plus!
Experience writing production-grade code and running predictive models in production
Embrace commitment and support a ‘team-first’ mentality
Proven success leveraging data to empower sound decision making
Ability to get stuff done, delivering high-quality work on time
Desire to solve big problems, embracing challenges with excitement
Strong belief in transparency and capable of raising issues or concerns early and often
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives

ABOUT YOU
You thrive in challenging environments that require collaborative problem solving
You prefer to spend your time coding and collaborating, not in meetings
You take pride and responsibility seeing the product you worked on meet the real world for the first time
You are capable of independently prioritizing your duties and still work well with a team
You can both accept and provide thoughtful, respectful constructive criticism.

BENEFITS
Vinli offers competitive benefits including health care, PTO, drinks & snacks, and a cool office in walking distance to Deep Ellum, the Dallas Farmers Market, and the historic East Quarter.

We are an equal opportunity employer. We strictly prohibit unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind, including discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, veteran status, age, pregnancy status, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, or any other characteristics protected by law. We also make all reasonable accommodations to meet our obligations under laws protecting the rights of the disabled.

Vinli Core Values

Integrity. Doing what you say you will do at Vinli is our way of building trust among our team members, partners, investors and vendors. We believe that maintaining integrity requires an openness and empathy in sharing goals and challenges with others.
Drive to Innovate. People at Vinli don’t just love to learn, they feel compelled to use their knowledge to make our Company and the world a better place. We believe in learning from our mistakes and always challenging ourselves to innovate - from the biggest product decisions to the smallest processes.
Joyful Work Environment. Loving where you work isn’t about ping pong tables and free snacks. It’s the feeling that you wouldn’t want to be on a project with any other team. It’s the feeling that you can get creative energy just by showing up to work. It’s the feeling that your entire team respects your life away from the job and understands how work impacts it. At Vinli, we believe in building camaraderie and joy in our environment by supporting and encouraging each other every day.
