HMS makes the healthcare system work better for everyone. We fight fraud, waste, and abuse so people have access to healthcare—now and in the future. Using innovative technology and powerful data analytics, we help government and commercial payers reduce costs, increase quality, and achieve regulatory compliance. We also help consumers take a more active role in their own health. Each year, we save our clients billions of dollars while helping people live healthier lives. At HMS, you will develop new skills and build your career in a dynamic industry while making a difference in the lives of others.

We are seeking a talented Data Scientist II to develop and execute data driven research supporting data science initiatives. This role is integral to development and creation of both ad hoc analytic projects and the long term development of machine learning models and system wide applications supporting both improved business and clinical outcomes. Candidates will be considered based on their ability to design modeling solutions that predict healthcare consumer behaviors and derive insights from big data. This role will support the design, testing, and implementation of customer segmentation, clinical propensity modeling and numerous other projects. Candidates must be able to clearly communicate the results to non-technical users and be detail-oriented. Candidates must poses strong understanding of data modeling (supervised and unsupervised), behavioral change theory, psychometrics, clinical/claims data analysis, actuarial, healthcare quality reporting and/or actuarial data analysis.

Essential Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders to identify business requirements and the expected outcome
Collaborate with subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information
Determine project plans, timelines, and/or technical objectives for statistical aspects of healthcare data analytic processes, applying valid statistical techniques and using information obtained from baselines or historical data to structure uncompromised and efficient analyses.
Become an expert in our health care datasets
Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models
Develop analytic studies with an aim of delivering immediate and actionable insights to business users
Work in iterative processes and validates findings
Produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables
Non-Essential Responsibilities:
Performs other functions as assigned
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Ability to translate business customer problems and questions into clear requirements for analysis
Ability to collaborate with others in diplomatic, tactful manner, while exercising sensitivity and discretion as needed
Strong understanding of statistics and probability
Ability to wrangle and analyze data using SAS, Python, R or other statistical packages
Strong understanding of data modeling (supervised and unsupervised), behavioral change theory, psychometrics, clinical/claims data analysis, healthcare quality reporting and/or actuarial data analysis.
Possess strong knowledge of and experience with analytical, quantitative, statistical, and/or consumer segmentation methodologies and theories (e.g. opportunity analyses, risk adjustment and predictive modeling, program evaluation studies, probability and inference, longitudinal analysis, mixed effect modeling, logistic regression analyses, and model building techniques)
Ability to work under pressure while managing competing demands and deadlines
Well organized with meticulous attention to detail
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
Mentor junior scientists
Work Conditions and Physical Demands:
Primarily sedentary work in a general office environment
Ability to communicate and exchange information
Ability to comprehend and interpret documents and data
Requires occasional standing, walking, lifting, and moving objects (up to 10 Ibs.)
Requires manual dexterity to use computer, telephone and peripherals
May be required to work extended hours for special business needs
May be required to travel at least 10> of time based on business needs
Minimum Education:
The knowledge typically acquired during the course of attaining a Master’s Degree in Data Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Epidemiology or relevant major is required. A combination of education and experience may be used in lieu of a degree.
Minimum Related Work Experience:
5-10 years of work experience in a data science role required
Experience with SAS, SPSS, R or Python preferred
Experience in diverse statistical and data mining techniques with a mix of at least some of the following methods regression, random forest, clustering, consumer segmentation, social media analysis etc.
Experience working with healthcare data preferred (clinical, claims, eligibility, etc.)
Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

EOE including disability/veteran
