The Raytheon Intelligence and Space (RIS) Strategic Technologies Team (STT) leads interdisciplinary applied research and development (R&D) for all of RIS. R&D ranges from concept development, trade studies, and rapid prototyping for customized engineering products and services. We develop solutions to solve customer needs as well as plan future capabilities and technology roadmaps.

RIS is looking to fill a data science/AI position in Dulles, VA or Richardson, TX. The candidate will join a small, agile group focused on applying state of the art data science (DS), data engineering (DE), and artificial intelligence (AI) approaches to a variety of customer problems. Modern DS/DE/AI approaches are inherently interdisciplinary, integrating concepts from Computer Science, statistics, and math among other fields. Therefore, the candidate must have both technical depth in data engineering combined with interdisciplinary breadth to integrate concepts from other fields.

RIS data scientists combine knowledge of statistical and machine learning practices with practical programming skills to provide data-driven solutions to real world problems. We are looking for data scientists who will be able to work in a team composed of data scientists and data engineers to support a variety of software development teams who are building applications for the modern warfighter. The ideal candidate will be able to work with product teams to identify rich data science opportunities, develop data-centric solutions, and deploy those solutions to a secure production environment.

Typical tasks may include:
Work with product teams, users, and other stakeholders to identify opportunities for data-driven solutions.
Help build sophisticated optimization models, and create algorithms for quickly producing near optimal solutions according to those models.
Use supervised and unsupervised machine learning approaches to develop insights and provide recommendations or predictions for future events.
Generate hypotheses, design experiments, gather, review and transform data, and test the hypotheses using modern and statistically rigorous methodologies.
Develop new techniques and applications in optimization, statistics, and machine learning fields and present those findings to the academic community.
Requirements:
Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Security Clearance as required for the position.
A minimum of 6 years of related professional experience.
Theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization. Must thrive on data driven problem solving.
Experience in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Professional verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to start with a messy unstructured problem, identify specific research questions from it, and propose data and model-driven solutions that would create value for end-users and other stakeholders.
Experience working on front-end, back-end, or full-stack web development projects.
Knowledge of current developments and trends in statistics, machine learning, and big data.
Desired Skills:
Direct experience working DoD and/or IC problem sets
Required Education:
B.S. in STEM related degree such as Data Science, Computer Science, AI, Math or similar quantitative focused degree. Advanced degree strongly preferred.
This position requires a U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 163143

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
