Data Engineer

ETL automation tools such as Informatica, Mulesoft, SSIS, Alooma, or Apache Airflow

Experience with traditional RDBMS solutions such as Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle

Experience with cloud-based platforms and tools

Familiarity with DevOps tools and practices such as Git, Jenkins, JIRA, Azure DevOps

Experience with integrating to both database systems and APIs

Experience with documenting technical requirements, designs and systems

Extensive experience building scalable and resilient data pipelines

Extensive experience writing SQL

Experience with a procedural, functional or object-oriented programming language such as Python, Java, Scala, R

Additionally, candidates should be able to perform at a high level in at least two of the following technology categories:
Big Data tools such as Apache Hadoop, Spark, and Hive including managed solutions such as Databricks, Amazon EMR, Azure HD Insight, and Google Cloud Dataproc
Cloud data storage solutions such as Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, or Google Cloud Storage
Data warehousing solutions such as Redshift, BigQuery, and Snowflake
Message broker solutions such as Kafka, Google Pub/Sub, Amazon Kinesis
Stream processing solutions such as Flume, Storm, Spark Streaming
NoSQL Databases such as HBase, Cassandra, Redis
Requirements

3-5+ years of experience in technology and/or consulting

Bachelor’s Degree in CS, MIS, CIS, or a comparable technical degree

US Citizen or GC Holder

Benefits

Sense Corp powers insight-driven organizations.

We turn data into actionable insights and transform organizations for the digital era.

Our people, culture, and how we engage with our clients are differentiators. Brilliant, Creative, Human, and Fun exemplify who we are. We are regularly recognized as a Best Place to Work by Austin, Houston, Dallas, and St. Louis Business Journals. With operations in Austin, Atlanta, Columbus, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, and St. Louis we serve mid-market to Fortune 50 companies.

The Sense Corp Compass

We may be the only management consulting firm in the country where being brilliant isn’t enough to land you a job. Sense Corp people must be brilliant, creative, human, and fun all at once. In other words, we hire terrific, well-rounded people. It’s one reason clients love working with us. And it’s why we enjoy working with each other. We may not sound like typical consultants but that’s OK. We don’t think like them either.

Visit us at www.sensecorp.com.
