Plano 7 (31067), United States of America, Plano, Texas

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Principal Associate, Data Science

Data is at the center of everything we do. As a startup, we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making.
As a Data Scientist at Capital One, youll be part of a team thats leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in computing and machine learning technologies and operating across billions of customer records to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and agony in their financial lives.

Team Description

The team builds the machine learning models that help our customers. We are supporting our Financial Services division by using data science to improve our auto loan businesses.

Role Description

In this role, you will:
Partner with a cross-functional team of data scientists, software engineers, and product managers to deliver a product customers love
Leverage a broad stack of technologies Python, Conda, AWS, H2O, Spark, and more to reveal the insights hidden within huge volumes of numeric and textual data
Build machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, and implementation
Flex your interpersonal skills to translate the complexity of your work into tangible business goals
The Ideal Candidate is:
Customer first. You love the process of analyzing and creating, but also share our passion to do the right thing. You know at the end of the day its about making the right decision for our customers.
Innovative. You continually research and evaluate emerging technologies. You stay current on published state-of-the-art methods, technologies, and applications and seek out opportunities to apply them.
Technical. Youre comfortable with open-source languages and are passionate about developing further. You have hands-on experience developing data science solutions using open-source tools and cloud computing platforms.
Statistically-minded. Youve built models, validated them, and backtested them. You know how to interpret a confusion matrix or a ROC curve. You have experience with clustering, classification, sentiment analysis, time series, and deep learning.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree plus 5 years of experience in data analytics, or Masters Degree plus 3 years in data analytics, or PhD
At least 1 year of experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis
At least 1 year of experience with machine learning
At least 1 year of experience with relational databases
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters Degree in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) plus 3 years of experience in data analytics, or PhD in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics)
At least 1 year of experience working with AWS
At least 3 years experience in Python, Scala, or R
At least 3 years experience with machine learning
At least 3 years experience with SQL
Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.
