When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 8 characters, 1 upper case letter, 1 number and 1 special character. Please make sure your name is formatted correctly and not in all uppercase.
Check It Out!


Ready to be a Cooper too? This might just be right up your alley!

We’re here to keep the dream of home ownership alive. Oh, and while we’re at it, we’re determined to change the lending industry itself. It’s simple, but it won’t be easy. And we’ll need a great team behind us. (That’s where you come in.) We want to show the world that transparency, candor and collaboration aren’t just good values. They’re good business. Working here isn’t for people who want to punch a clock. It’s for people who want to punch a hole in the status quo. Come join us. And make a difference instead of just a living.

Job Summary:

The Quantitative Analyst will develop methodologies and reporting to identify and communicate trends regarding operational performance in a timely manner. The Quantitative Analyst will work closely with the business leaders to provide solutions to address any gaps and improve efficiency of the operational processes. Provide one stop solution for all reporting and analytical needs of the department leaders and senior management.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Work with Senior Management and Department Heads to provide reporting related to KPIs
Identify reporting opportunities that will help increase efficiency by identifying any gaps in the process/ exception reporting.
Create dashboards that provide aggregate information regarding daily departmental operations, perform ad hoc analysis to identify potential issues
Data mine a large population of data to help identify relevant information and build scripts to consolidate operational reporting elements.
Provide timely reporting and ad hoc support to various departments.
Possess the ability to interact with various levels of management.
Assist with maintaining the delivery of daily reporting by running the reporting scripts for daily distribution.
Assist in training the Junior Analysts in the team
Other duties as assigned.
Core Requirements:
Graduation from a 4-year college or university or equivalent experience. Advance degree or equivalent work experience preferred
At least 3 years analyst experience using SQL, spreadsheets and/or databases to report on and analyze data, document processes and work on business projects.
Prefer background in Finance or Mortgage related field
Advanced knowledge of SQL, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio / Oracle equivalent
Proficiency in Excel, Access, and PowerPoint
Ability to data mine a large population of records to identify relevant information
Strong knowledge of various Mortgage Servicing areas - Letters, Account Services/Cash Management, Special Loans, Escrow, Loan Administration, Loan Acquisition/Onboarding QA and others preferred.
Strong hands on analytical and technical skills for data mining and report automation
2+ years of experience with advanced report automation tools: SSRS, SSIS
Power BI / Tableau / Qlikview
VBA/Macro Experience
C# Language
Understanding Data Warehousing concepts (Kimball Methodology)
SQL Query Optimizing
Mr. Cooper is committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive environment where every employee is empowered to be their authentic self. We know that a large part of our success as a business is directly tied to our ongoing efforts to attract and retain diverse talent and maintain an inclusive environment where each employee can thrive. Embracing and leveraging diversity through an inclusive work environment fosters new ideas, new insights, and constant innovation. We strive to weave the principles of diversity and inclusion throughout the fabric of how we work, how we interact, and how we engage with our customers and the community.

Job Requisition ID:

010734

Job Category:

Analytics & Reporting

Primary Location City:

Lewisville

Primary Location Region:

Texas

Primary Location Postal Code:

75067

Primary Location Country:

United States of America

Posting Organization:

Mr. Cooper

Line of Business:

Servicing

Additional Posting Location(s):

Alternate Requisition:

No

Visit our Media Room to learn more about Mr. Cooper, the largest non-bank mortgage servicer.
