When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 8 characters, 1 upper case letter, 1 number and 1 special character. Please make sure your name is formatted correctly and not in all uppercase.
Check It Out!


Ready to be a Cooper too? This might just be right up your alley!

We’re here to keep the dream of home ownership alive. Oh, and while we’re at it, we’re determined to change the lending industry itself. It’s simple, but it won’t be easy. And we’ll need a great team behind us. (That’s where you come in.) We want to show the world that transparency, candor and collaboration aren’t just good values. They’re good business. Working here isn’t for people who want to punch a clock. It’s for people who want to punch a hole in the status quo. Come join us. And make a difference instead of just a living.

Job Summary:

The Sr. Quantitative Analyst is responsible for designing, building and implementing predictive models to optimize key business decisions and processes for the purpose of driving value for the firm. The position will report to the Vice President of Quantitative Analytics.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Development and management of predictive models, segmentation models and portfolio analytics
Monitor the effectiveness of models in use and continually update model parameters with actual results and changing trends
Create, enhance and maintain models and model parameters for various models, such as:
Probability based outcome modeling and NPV optimization
Portfolio recapture analysis
Forecasting prepayment speeds, delinquencies and defaults
Real estate market valuation
Risk scoring and portfolio segmentation
Marketing response models
Other models as requested by the business
Develop and explain correlations between macroeconomic variables and their impact on portfolio performance, prepayment speeds, delinquency rates and defaults
Ensure that best practices are followed in terms of model development, validation, documentation of model methodology and effective implementation for usage
Provide analysis and reporting on an adhoc basis to assist in making strategic and/or significant operational decisions
Core Requirements:
Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline required (e.g. statistics, mathematics, economics or similar)
Must be experienced with predictive modeling, multivariate regression, logistic regression, hazard models, transition models and sample size analysis.
SQL programming and excel spreadsheet functions.
Strong quantitative skills with a proven ability to translate analysis into meaningful insights, and help drive execution strategy.
1 - 5 years' experience with analytic tools (i.e. SAS, MATLAB, and Open Source tools such as Python or R is a plus) data query tools to build, test, evaluate, and maintain robust data analysis and reporting for management to make timely, informed decisions.
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.
Ability to create, compose and edit written materials and presentations
Mr. Cooper is committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive environment where every employee is empowered to be their authentic self. We know that a large part of our success as a business is directly tied to our ongoing efforts to attract and retain diverse talent and maintain an inclusive environment where each employee can thrive. Embracing and leveraging diversity through an inclusive work environment fosters new ideas, new insights, and constant innovation. We strive to weave the principles of diversity and inclusion throughout the fabric of how we work, how we interact, and how we engage with our customers and the community.

Job Requisition ID:

010250

Job Category:

Analytics & Reporting

Primary Location City:

Dallas

Primary Location Region:

Texas

Primary Location Postal Code:

75019

Primary Location Country:

United States of America

Posting Organization:

Mr. Cooper

Line of Business:

Accounting & Finance

Additional Posting Location(s):

Alternate Requisition:

No

Visit our Media Room to learn more about Mr. Cooper, the largest non-bank mortgage servicer.
