Data Architect - 6 month contract to hire, W2 only, No C2C The Senior Data Architect is responsible for the overall design of the enterprise-wide datainformation architecture and logical physical data models. This position will work closely with business users and technology leads to develop data strategy and information catalog and repository. This position will help with tool and technology evaluations and provide tactical and strategic direction and support for data warehouse and analytics initiatives Job Description Design and documentation of logical and physical analytical data models for transactional and analytical databases. Works closely with Data Stewards, Data Governance and developers to create and maintain data dictionary and data lineage. Helps investigate and resolve data anomalies including data quality issues and ambiguous data definitions. Recommends data integrity checks and controls to ensure data quality. Obtains new data requirements from the business and business analysts and coordinates efforts with the developers, DBArsquos and business analysts. Performs as data SME in guiding both business and IT users of data. Source system analysis, data profiling and creating design documents and Source2Target mappings for the development teams to implement Assists with large-scale data migrations across the enterprise as well as with optimization and scalability efforts. Works closely with key data consumers (report analysts, data scientists etc.) to understand needs and challenges and come up with strategy and solutions. Ensures compliance with Client's policies procedures, safety, state and federal laws, regulations and standards. Requirements Bachelorrsquos degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience. 8-10 yearsrsquo experience in designing conceptual, logical and physical data models using major enterprise data modeling tools (Embarcadero experience is preferred) which must include At least 5 yearsrsquo experience in strategic data planning, standards and procedures At least 5 yearsrsquo experience in data quality engineering, metadata consolidation and integration, metadata model development and maintenance, repository management, data warehouse design and data mining, and data security At least 5 yearsrsquo experience in leveraging enterprise data warehouse modeling constructs, methodologies and practices to ensure flexible, scalable, maintainable, and high-performing physical databases and At least 5 yearsrsquo experience in data analysis and forensics. Proficiency in SQL Good knowledge of ETL, ELT and batch Experience with analytics, data visualization tools a plus
