Role Description/Expectations


Data Analyst

Must have requirements: Heavy claims/analysis experience, advanced oral and written skills, strong excel skills, SQL experience (nice to have but not mandatory).

Summary:

Conducts analysis around various claims payment processes to ensure accuracy of system configuration and provider payments. Investigates “problem” claims to determine root cause of problem and/or error to address both individual claim resolution and improvement to process to avoid issues from occurring in the future. Perform and execute various claims process testing requests to ensure desired results are met to support accurate claims payments. Testing categories include but are not limited to the following:• Benefit, Contract, and Fee Schedule Configuration• System Enhancements • Report Validation• Validation of electronic file loads Essential Functions:• Performs claims systems testing and/or system analysis to ensure accuracy of the system’s configuration and provider payments. Conducts research and root cause analysis on various claims issues to identify and resolve problem payment and configuration concerns. • Develops/creates test plans/scripts which to provide concise analysis and documented results of the testing outcomes based on configuration changes/updates to support new businesses, benefits, and contracts. • Applies knowledge of claims processing to provide feedback resulting in the improvement of claims processing by identifying configuration improvements and/or when manual interventions and workarounds are required for configuration/system limitations. • Complies with performance standards by completing assignments within the specified time.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills •Maintain regular attendance based on agreed-upon schedule • Maintain confidentiality and comply with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) • Ability to establish and maintain positive and effective work relationships with coworkers, clients, members, providers and customers Required Education: High School graduate (or GED) / AA preferred Required Experience: 5+ years of claims processing with advancement to auditing / claims analysis / claims research. Level of autonomy/decision making required – Mid-level decision making. Some project management skills. Good oral and written communication skills. Advanced Word and Excel skills.

ALLSTEM is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Pursuant to applicable state and municipal Fair Chance Laws and Ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.


Responsibilities


Experience Level: 6-10 Years


Preferred Skills Profile

Claims

Claims Processing

Contracts

Data Analyst

Excel

Excellent Verbal And Written Communication Skills

Microsoft Excel

Payments

Process Testing

Root Cause Analysis

Sql

System Analysis

System Configuration

Taxonomy

Test Plans


Education

No Education Found


Preferred Certifications/Licensure


No Certifications/Licensure Found
