Welcome to Mill Creek! We’re glad you’re here! At Mill Creek Residential, we believe that every associate is imperative to the success of our organization. We believe in embracing our core values and in the power of People, Places and Relationships.


The Senior Data Analyst position for Mill Creek’s Property Operations division will be responsible for gathering and analysis of consumer behavioral data, marketing data and financial data, which drives the financial and operational performance of communities. This position will be responsible for analyzing and reporting data to internal customers including but not limited to development and acquisition teams, property operations teams, and the Mill Creek executive team. The ideal candidate will have a background in predictive analysis, strong technical skills as well as excellent written and verbal communicatIon skills. This key role will report to the Chief Operations Officer and support multiple departments.

Essential Functions/Responsibilities
Work with a variety of internal and external data sources to extract data from massive data sets.
Utilize data visualization tools.
Gather and analyze financial, market and other data to evaluate overall marketing performance of the assigned portfolio and compare to established budgets, reforecasts, and underwritten targets.
Prepare summaries, reports, recommendations, and other interpretive reports to support business decisions.
Provide analytical and modeling support; perform various ad hoc analyses as requested.
Support the development and implementation of new applications, technology, programs and other innovative business practices that drive increased revenue, efficiencies, productivity and overall process improvements, and ensures the continued success of these efforts.
Become expert in consumer behavioral analytics, interpret results and provide detailed, actionable steps to drive our campaigns and financial performance of development, acquisition, lease-up and stabilized communities.
Organizational Responsibilities:
Participates in Company-provided training, such as fair housing, non-discrimination, and harassment prevention.
Complies with all Company National Standards, applicable health and safety rules and regulations, as well as applicable local, state, and federal laws.
Education and/or Experience
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent is required for this position.
Minimum 2 years’ experience in management, finance/investment and the multi-family real estate industry is required, with a proven track record of strong leadership ability
About the Benefits of joining the Mill Creek Team
Competitive compensation
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision
Employer sponsored short and long term disability, Life and ADD insurance
401k
Paid time off benefits: Vacation, Sick, Holidays
Mill Creek is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Are you ready to contribute to the success of Mill Creek Residential? If so, apply today and become part of an organization that believes in uncompromising integrity, celebrating successes, continuous improvement, and working hard, smart and together!
