At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Field Medical Scientist (FMS) LHN/GBM/Breast – OK, TX

US Field Medical Oncology Only
The Field Medical Scientist (FMS) role embodies our medical mission in becoming a trusted, agile partner who engages in relevant dialogue and delivers timely, high impact data and insights that advance the science or accelerate access, optimize medical practice and drive appropriate adoption of BMS medicines. The FMS role is field-based and it is anticipated that an FMS will spend a minimum of 60-70% of their time in the field with external customers.

The primary role of the FMS is to develop relationships and maintain contacts with research focused Thought Leaders (TL) and Healthcare Providers (HCP) within their healthcare system. The purpose of interactions is to engage in meaningful scientific exchange that will ensure patients have access to BMS medicines, to ensure their safe and appropriate use through peer to peer discussions aligned with medical strategies and needs expressed by external stakeholders. The scientific dialogue focuses on scientific/clinical information around disease management, treatment landscape, and BMS products in a fair and balanced way and includes appropriate clinical and value related discussions.

External Environment and Customer Focus
Develop and maintain relationships with academic and community research thought leaders, appropriate HCPs, and access stakeholders, within a given geography to answer scientific, unsolicited product and HEOR related questions. Note: Only Hematology FMSs are trained on HEOR and access resources. The FMS will use various channels for interactions (1:1, group presentation; remote, etc).
Demonstrate proficiency in using available scientific resources and presentations. Effectively present information to TL/HCPs and be able to respond to questions, ensuring medical accuracy and compliance with local procedures, ethical and legal guidelines and directives.
Actively assess the medical landscape by meeting with TL/HCPs to understand their needs and expertise. Continuously update own knowledge in treatment strategies, products, unmet medical needs, clinical trials and scientific activities. Understand the competitive landscape and actively prepare to address informational needs of customers.
Collect and provide meaningful medical insights and/or impact by communicating these back to the medical and commercial organizations to be actioned in support of the strategy development.
Contribute to the Medical Plan
Adopt institution/account planning approach and contribute to cross-functional institution/account plans.
Contribute to development and delivery of scientifically meaningful medical programs/projects in line with the local Medical and Field Medical plan.
Provide Medical Support
As necessary and appropriate, support the initial and ongoing medical/scientific area and product specific training and provide key scientific updates to internal stakeholders (e.g. Commercial, Regulatory, Pharmacovigilance, Legal, HEOR, Value Access & Payment).
Support Clinical Trial Activities
Support Interventional and Non Interventional Research (NIR) studies (e.g. identification and assessment of potential study sites) to support patient recruitment and/or discussions around the safe and effective use of BMS investigational products, as agreed with home office medical and Global Clinical Operations (GCO) and as defined by the study scope document.
Provide recommendations and insights to clinical development team on study and site feasibilities within the therapeutic area based on knowledge of the field and through direct contacts with potential investigators, as agreed with home office medical and GCO.
Actively support CRO sponsored studies as agreed with home office medical and GCO and as defined by the study scope document.
Support HCPs in the ISR submission and execution process and study follow-up as agreed upon with home office medical and GCO.
Ensure that BMS Pharmacovigilance procedural documents are understood and applied by investigators of local studies, and alert appropriate BMS personnel to any identified Adverse Events.

Required Experience
MD, PharmD, DNP, or PhD, with experience in a specific Disease Area or with a broad medical background (preferred) OR Science Graduate with relevant pharmaceutical experience
A minimum of 2 years working in a clinical or pharmaceutical environment

Knowledge Desired
Disease area knowledge and an understanding of scientific publications
Knowledge of a scientific or clinical area
Knowledge of clinical trial design and process
Knowledge of the national healthcare and access environment
Knowledge of HEOR core concepts
Excellent English language skills, spoken and written

Experience Desired
Ability to work independently and act as a team player
Translating scientific or clinical data into an understandable and valuable form to help physicians best serve their patients
Good communication and presentation skills to present scientific and/or clinical data to research or healthcare professionals
Developing peer-to-peer relationships with TLs, scientists and other healthcare professionals
Ability to quickly and comprehensively learn about new subject areas and environments
Demonstration of the BMS Core Behaviors

Essential Qualification

Travel required: a minimum of 60-70% of time in the field with external customers, including occasional overnights.

Ability to drive a company-provided car is an essential qualification of this position. Candidates must be able to drive a BMS-provided vehicle between locations (often great distances apart), and arrive at each location ready and able to enthusiastically and efficiently demonstrate an applied knowledge of pertinent health care industry trends. Candidates must possess a high level of ethics, integrity and responsible and safe driving history.
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
