Sr. Quantitative Analyst

Are you ready to explore a world of possibilities?

Join our DTCC family, and youll grow your expertise and become the best version of you. As you embark on a new journey, youll tackle challenges with flexibility and grace, learning new skills and advancing your career while having the time of your life.

Why You'll Love This Job:

Being a member of our Risk Management team, youll work to protect the safety and soundness of our systems and are responsible for identifying, managing, measuring and mitigating a spectrum of key risk types including credit, market, liquidity, systemic, operational and technology in all existing and new products, activities, processes and systems.

Your Responsibilities:

We are looking for a Senior Quantitative Analyst to join the Quantitative Risk Management (QRM) team, which is responsible for all aspects of model development, implementation and maintenance.
Support and maintain existing credit rating model and liquidity stress testing model with model validation team and business users.
Conduct periodic research and ad-hoc studies on model inputs and outputs and identify potential deficiencies and remediations.
Participate in new product development, design and test its risk management and methodologies, and stay abreast of the latest developments and best practices.
Design the model monitoring process as the new models get approved and enhance the existing monitoring reports.
Prepare model performance monitoring reports and KPI to satisfy internal and external audit/regulatory requirements.
Perform ad-hoc model performance analyses as needed and work on automation of reports.
Perform back testing and stress testing.
Design the benchmark/alternative models for performance monitoring purposes.
**NOTE: Responsibilities of this role are not limited to the details above. **

Talents Needed for Success:
3+ years of hands-on experience in credit risk modeling including score card and PD modeling, with deep understanding on fundamental credit risk factors as well as statistical applications
1+ years relevant experience on liquidity risk modeling and liquidity stress testing modeling
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Must have excellent interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and able to work independently.
Have a general knowledge about the financial market, products, risk management (such as VaR modeling) and risk metrics (such as back testing).
Solid programming skills in data processing language such as SQL, Python. R, Matlab are pluses.
A PhD or a Masters degree in a quantitative field, preferably in applied economics, econometrics, statistics or financial engineering.
