City :Plano

State :Texas

Job Description :

Contract to hire role

Must be eligible for conversion (Only USC, GC or GC-EAD)

Must be willing to take Glider assessment test within 24 hours

Responsibilities for Data Engineer:
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business
requirements.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual
processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of
data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into
customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to
assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data
centers and AWS regions.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in
building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data
systems. Qualifications for Data Engineer
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases,
query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes
to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency
and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large
disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable big
data data stores.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic
environment.
