Senior Data Analyst - Career Portal

Skip to main content
Grouped Link

Menu
Job Search

Register
Sign In
Careers
Job Search
Register
Sign In

Apply Now

Senior Data Analyst

Ann Arbor, MI, USA; Charlotte, NC, USA; Farmers Branch, TX, USA; Virtual
Req #696

Wednesday, June 24, 2020

Home Point Financial Corporation (HPFC) is a rising star in the financial services industry. At Home Point, we created a culture that encourages community, caring and open communication. We want our associates to speak up, become innovators and make impactful changes – no matter what position they hold within the company. What makes our team special? Our “We Care” approach in all that we do. At HPFC we collaborate, question the norm, reinvent and help each other succeed. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and are looking for an opportunity to develop your career, then we have a great opportunity for you!

The Sr. Data Analyst position involves acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, creating reports on a regular basis, identifying code issues and ensuring that databases remain error-free and organized. A compliance-related background would be beneficial in the further development of our data analytics and reporting capabilities.
Explore and analyze large datasets, understand underlying data relationships, assess data quality, optimize table structures, identify data gaps / optimization opportunities and perform data transformations as needed
Profile data, deeply understand the general structure, grain, relationships, and then shape and aggregate the data to the desired results
Gather business requirements from Sales, Operations and Customer Experience/Marketing to develop data visualizations, reporting, dashboard/scorecards and power point presentations that deliver key insights to the business
Utilize multiple tools to offer solutions such as MS Excel, Tableau, Power BI, R, Python, Git Bash, etc.
Help to inspire a creative learning environment while fostering big ideas
Skills & Qualifications:
5+ years of business analysis experience; preferably within the mortgage banking industry
Experience capturing business requirements and translating into technical needs
Working understanding of relational databases and business intelligence tools
Knowledge of Microsoft Office products, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, R, Python, etc.
Forecasting and/or statistical models is a plus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proven strong critical thinking skills, a track record of innovative thought and analytical abilities
Ability to work well as a member of a team and handle multiple projects simultaneously
Strong organizational skills with close attention to detail
Ability to work under minimal supervision

Home Point Financial Corporation (HPFC) is an equal opportunity at will employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, religion, color, disability, sex, sexual orientation or national origin.

Ann Arbor, MI, USA
Charlotte, NC, USA
Farmers Branch, TX, USA
Virtual

Apply Now
Share this job:


© 2019 Ceridian HCM, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy
