Methods+Mastery Dallas is seeking a Data Engineer who is experienced with building robust, scalable data pipelines for internal and client-facing data science products. We’re looking for an ambitious team member who will improve existing pipelines and take a lead role in ensuring the team is using best practices for building data pipelines using cloud-based tools.

Our new Data Engineer will work directly with members of the multi-disciplinary Methods+Mastery team to produce work for top clients in an entrepreneurial and collaborative environment that values team above all. This work will include counseling Methods+Mastery team members on feasible data management solutions for client projects and collaborating with our Data Scientist to build out data pipelines.

Methods+Mastery offers a fast-paced environment that encourages personal and professional growth and the opportunity to have a panoramic view of Dallas–34 floors up to be exact. We work on projects ranging from regional to global in scope for some resume bolstering brands. You’ll have the opportunity to contribute against the full spectrum of communication mediums and disciplines including interactive, mobile, social, advertising, branding, experiential, video, motion, presentations, environmental and print.

Methods+Mastery is an entrepreneurial, collaborative environment that values talented, creative people who like to work with others to create cutting-edge programs for our clients.

We believe a diverse team brings a wider range of personal and professional experiences and perspectives, and we recognize that diversity and inclusion benefit our agency, our clients, and the communities in which we work and live. To that end, we strongly encourage applications from women, people of color, members of the LGBTQ community, veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

Responsibilities include:
Support the development of data science products by building data pipelines using cloud computing and APIs
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it
Ensure that all systems meet the business/company requirements as well as industry practices
Identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality
Work closely with all team members to develop strategy for long term data platform architecture
Key Qualifications

The ideal candidate is keenly strategic, versatile and insights-driven; someone who thrives in an energetic, fast-paced entrepreneurial environment. In addition, our new team member will have:
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related quantitative discipline
2+ years professional experience building data pipelines using cloud computing platforms (GCP preferred)
2+ years professional experience using Python
2+ years professional experience using big data tools (Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, etc.)
2+ years experience with relational databases and data manipulation using SQL
2+ years professional experience working with multi-disciplinary teams
To be successful, the candidate must have a desire to deliver quality work for clients/brands, be a team player and demonstrate the ability to get the job done. You’ll need a serious interest of trends, best practices, technology and business applications on the Internet and within Methods+Mastery.
About FleishmanHillard

FleishmanHillard specializes in public relations, reputation management, public affairs, brand marketing, digital strategy, social engagement and content strategy. We have been named PRWeek’s Global Agency of the Year and Best Places to Work; a “Standout Agency” on Advertising Age’s A-List; NAFE’s “Top 50 Companies for Executive Women” for six years running; and among our firm’s award-winning work we’ve taken home 5 Lions in the past two years at the Cannes International Festival of Creativity. We’re also more motivated by what we can give than what we receive, and in our 70th year we’ve initiated a worldwide service commitment to support social inclusion in the communities in which we work and live. FleishmanHillard is part of Omnicom Public Relations Group, a division of Omnicom Group Inc., and has more than 85 offices in 30 countries, plus affiliates in 43 countries. Visit us at www.fleishmanhillard.com .

FleishmanHillard is committed to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action. FleishmanHillard does not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where FleishmanHillard does business.

About Omnicom Public Relations Group


Omnicom Public Relations Group is a global collective of three of the top global public relations agencies worldwide and eight specialist agencies in public affairs, marketing to women, fashion, global health strategy and corporate social responsibility. It encompasses more than 6,000 public relations professionals in more than 330 offices worldwide who provide their expertise to companies, government agencies, NGOs and nonprofits across a wide range of industries. Omnicom Public Relations Group delivers for clients through a relentless focus on talent, continuous pursuit of innovation and a culture steeped in collaboration. Omnicom Public Relations Group is part of the DAS Group of Companies, a division of Omnicom Group Inc. that includes more than 200 companies in a wide range of marketing disciplines including advertising, public relations, healthcare, customer relationship management, events, promotional marketing, branding and research.

If you need assistance reviewing career opportunities or completing an application, please call 314-982-6283 or email our careers team.

Please do not contact the office directly to apply – only resumes submitted through this website will be considered.
