JOB PURPOSE

Responsible for developing new skin care and color cosmetic products that deliver on specific consumer and market-driven needs. Exhibits independent, innovative thinking in proposing novel products and formulation approaches. Possesses extensive experience in a range of product formulations including skin care and sun care. Experience in color cosmetics (lip, eye, and face) is an advantage. Leverages in-depth knowledge of the scientific principles of formulation, ingredient chemistry, and industry trends to conduct all facets of product development and deliver innovative cosmetic and OTC drug products. Provides subject matter expertise across multiple cosmetic chemistry disciplines. Additionally, acts as a coach and technical leader to junior scientists, provides expert advice to management on technical issues, and is a consultant within and across functions on technical challenges. Works with brand partners and other technical functions such as regulatory, safety, consumer research, and product supply to deliver on all technical aspects of projects from conceptualization to manufacturing.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

List duties and responsibilities that illustrate how the job is accomplished. Include for each the complexity/scope, independent judgment/ decision making and impact of errors. Include approximate percentage of work time spent on each item. Percentages must add up to 100&.
Working with various R&D (Product Research Organization, Product Integrity, Process Commercialization and Development) and Brand functions, designs and develops commercially feasible, consumer-preferred, new and improved products. Partners with Regulatory Affairs and Product Safety on ingredient evaluation. Applies a high level of innovative thinking, critical evaluation, and forward-focused approach to product formulation as it relates to the full product lifecycle process. Anticipates potential formulation challenges and proactively partners with leadership and cross functional teams to resolve issues. 60&
Trains, coaches, directs, provides formulation guidance, and conducts critical formula reviews for other formulators and formulation colleagues. Serves as the technical subject matter expert and fosters an environment of technical rigor within the Product Formulation team. 20>
Collaborating with various cross functional teams (Operations Processing, Package Engineering and Brand) Troubleshoots and resolves problems for business-critical formulation challenges across the organization 10>
Maintains close awareness of and educates the formulation team on knowledge of the scientific literature, patent art, and industry trends in cosmetics and cosmetic science. Remains abreast of industry trends and best practices through individual research and participation in trade shows and relevant conferences. 10>
In addition to the above, incumbent is expected to meet the required competencies for this position as defined in the competency profile.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Education BS/MS/PhD degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, and pharmaceutical science, or related technical degree with an advanced level of knowledge and mastery of cosmetic formulation science and technology

Experience 15/10/5 years of experience in the field of skin care and cosmetic product development
Extensive formulation experience in developing skin care and cosmetic products
Demonstrated critical thinking skills to enable experimental design and data analysis that informs technical and business relevant recommendations
Thorough understanding of the scientific principles of formulation, ingredient chemistry, physical chemistry, and polymer and interface science
Extensive knowledge of developments in the fields of skin care and cosmetic science, and of emerging product and technology trends in the cosmetic industry.
Effectively considers implications of competitive Intellectual Property and develops and protects internal IP.
Able to independently execute multiple, concurrent, and complex projects, and manage them in an environment of uncertainty and changing demands
Ability to work effectively with internal and external colleagues and customers, and across functional boundaries
Excellent communication and presentation skills
