Posting Details

Posting Number S02160P
Position Title Research Engineering Scientist (S02160P)
Department Physics
Location Arlington
Job Family Research
Position Status Full-time
Work Hours Flexible
Work Schedule

Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm.
Work location is CERN laboratory in Geneva, Switzerland
Open to External and Internal
FLSA
Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience.
Duration Funding expected to continue
Pay Basis Monthly
Benefits Eligible Yes
Job Summary

The selected candidate will coordinate the activities of the Distributed Production and Analysis (DPA) team of the ATLAS Distributed Computing (ADC) group. The ATLAS Experiment is an elementary particle physics experiment recording and analyzing particle collisions produced at the CERN Large Hadron Collider in Geneva, Switzerland. ADC comprises the hardware, software and operations needed to support distributed processing, simulation and analysis of ATLAS data.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities

The DPA coordinator will be responsible for the smooth execution of production and user analysis requests on all available computing resources. Identify the operational and production system issues and weaknesses. Find immediate solutions and propose short- and long-term improvements to reduce the operational cost, automate operational tasks and increase system productivity, efficiency and robustness.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Physics or Computer Science. Two (2) years of experience with distributed computing used by large scale scientific experiment or the equivalent experience.
Preferred Qualifications

Post baccalaureate degree. Strong technical skills in Linux, python development and database interactions (Oracle and MySQL). Working knowledge with ElastiSearch, Kibana, Puppet, OpenStack, JIRA, and related systems. Experience with distributed computing and HPCs, especially grid infrastructure. Self-motivated, responsible, capacity to work in a team.
Working Conditions
Special Conditions for Eligibility
EEO Statement

UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus.

Number of Vacancies 1
Desired Start Date
Open Date
Review Start Date
Open Until Filled Yes
