Description:

Job Description:

The Aviation Services (AS) Sector has a need for a Lead Project Engineer to coordinate supplier management and proposal support for various programs and pursuits. In a fast-paced, quick reaction environment, the successful candidate will organize technical data and activity across program teams composed of engineering subject matter experts, supplier points of contact, procurement personnel, Program Management and Engineering Leadership.

Requirements:

Managerial experience leading Engineering projects within or across the following engineering disciplines is required:
Systems Engineering
Aeronautical Engineering (Electrical, Structural, Mechanical, Stress, Mass Properties, Aerodynamics, etc.)
EMI/EMC Engineering
Software Engineering
Test Engineering
Experience with the following processes is required:
Bidding and Proposal
Program Planning, Guidance, and Execution
Supplier Management and Coordination
Customer Interaction and Communication
Executive Level Interaction and Communication
Engineering Execution
Experience with the following are systems is required:
Aircraft
Airframe
Aircraft Systems
Radio Systems (VHF, UHF, HF, etc.)
ISR Mission Systems
EO/IR Sensors
Self-Protect Systems
Communications Systems (Voice and Data)(LOS and BLOS)
Mission Management Systems (Computers with specialized software)
Local Area Networks
Mission System Software
Video and Video Streaming (Analog and Digital)
Bachelor Degree with a minimum of nine (9) years of relevant experience. A technical degree such as Engineering, Aerospace Technologies, or related field is strongly desired. An equivalent combination of education and experience may also be considered.

Please be aware many of our positions require the ability to obtain a security clearance. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
