When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 8 characters, 1 upper case letter, 1 number and 1 special character. Please make sure your name is formatted correctly and not in all
WHO WE ARE


A subsidiary of Mr. Cooper founded in 2012, Xome was built on the belief that the process of buying/selling a home shouldn’t undermine the excitement of home ownership. In working to bridge the offline and online worlds of real estate, we’ve opened new possibilities for home buyers/sellers and more business for real estate professionals.

Xome is comprised of industry leading real estate and technology companies, including GoPaperless, Title365, and Xome Labs, united by the shared goal of forever transforming the real estate experience. Learn more at http://www.xome.com

COMPANY OVERVIEW

There’s no place like XomeTM! At Xome, we believe the process of buying and selling a home shouldn’t undermine the excitement of home ownership, so we’ve reimagined the real estate experience to create a bridge­­­­­­ between the offline and online world. Xome is the only platform that digitally connects every major touch-point in the real estate process— giving our customers unique visibility and access into all parts of the real estate transaction process.

Our culture encourages collaboration, breakthrough thinking and work that makes a lasting difference. We reward initiative and informed decisions, and empower you to act in the best interests of our customers and our company. Our decisions are guided by our key principles of: Putting Customers First, Having a Bias for Action, Failing Fast, Innovating and Breaking Paradigms, and Creating Sustainable results.

Here at Xome, we recognize that our past, present, and future success is driven by the passionate and talented people we employ, and we are always looking for smart, dedicated people to join our teams. We put a priority on not simply hiring incredible people, but retaining them with engaging, challenging jobs – as well as a respect for the importance of balance and work-life integration.

If you are excited by the idea of building revolutionary products to simplify real estate nationwide, and want to help us raise the bar – we look forward to hearing from you.

JOB SUMMARY

The Cloud Data Engineer is responsible for designing, developing and delivering cloud-based analytical solutions that will support the Business teams by providing accurate, timely and relevant data to meet their diverse requirements. The Cloud Data Engineer will also work closely with the internal teams and architects to support data infrastructure needs and develop complex end-to-end enterprise solutions on Microsoft Azure platform.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
Design robust, reusable and scalable data driven solutions and data pipeline frameworks to automate the ingestion, processing and delivery of both structured and unstructured batch and real-time streaming data.
Regularly evaluate the data landscape including data platforms, technology architecture, data flows, data consumption and data integration to optimize the design patterns, models, standards and code to provide high-performing, secure, reliable and scalable architecture.
Collaborate with IT architecture/data team to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives that create sustainable revenue growth.
Work with the data governance team to ensure integrity of data definition, data quality, meta-data, security standards and certification are implemented.
Collaborate with BI developers, analysts and data scientists to support the advanced analytics to deliver value to the business team.
Provide technical leadership in areas such as master data management and reference data management to reduce duplication and redundancy for core data objects.
Participate in application validation and QA efforts as they pertain to reporting, data, metrics, and report creation and execution.
Other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's Degree or Foreign equivalent in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering or related field.
5+ progressive years of experience in Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence technologies.
2+ progressive years of experience with design/architecture for transformations and modernizations of enterprise data solutions using Azure cloud data technologies.
2+ progressive years of experience in any of the BI tools like SSRS, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI.
Experience with Azure storage technologies (Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, and Azure SQL Database).
Experience with Azure data movement and transformation capabilities (Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Databricks, Stream Analytics, and Azure Functions).
Strong development background creating data pipelines and complex data transformations using one of the languages like Python, Databricks/Spark, T-SQL.
Experience with TFS/VSTS/GitHub is a requirement.
Experience working in an agile environment including CI/CD implementation.
Ability to mentor junior Data Engineers.
Knowledge of Master Data Management (MDM) and Data Quality tools and processes.
Knowledge of Streamsets, Jira/Azure DevOps, and Snowflake is a big plus.
Experience in Data Science and Machine Learning is a big plus.
Mortgage or Finance industry experience is a big plus.
Xome is committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive environment where every employee is empowered to be their authentic self. We know that a large part of our success as a business is directly tied to our ongoing efforts to attract and retain diverse talent and maintain an inclusive environment where each employee can thrive. Embracing and leveraging diversity through an inclusive work environment fosters new ideas, new insights, and constant innovation. We strive to weave the principles of diversity and inclusion throughout the fabric of how we work, how we interact, and how we engage with our customers and the community.

Job Requisition ID:

009981

Job Category:

Information Technology

Primary Location City:

Lewisville

Primary Location Region:

Texas

Primary Location Postal Code:

75067

Primary Location Country:

United States of America

Posting Organization:

Mr. Cooper

Line of Business:

Information Technology

Additional Posting Location(s):

Alternate Requisition:

No
