Praescient Analytics, LLC (Praescient) is a Veteran-led, certified Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) founded in 2011 that specializes in implementing advanced analytics solutions across the defense, intelligence, and law enforcement communities. With over 40 contracts across 6 continents, over 70% of our employees are veterans and or have intel/law enforcement experience. We fully understand the unique challenges of our clients and work to identify, vet, implement, and enhance commercial and proprietary technologies to provide full scope solutions, because we have been there. Praescient has extensive experience designing, developing, and integrating solutions for customers including the US Army, Special Operations Command (SOCOM), US Navy (USN), US Marine Corps (USMC), US Coast Guard (USCG), Department of Justice (DOJ), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), intelligence community, and local law enforcement agencies, among others. The U.S. Attorney's Office and its investigative partners encounter urgent and complex investigative needs when investigating federal crimes or prosecuting civil cases. The standard IT systems made available through EOUSA are not designed to adequately support the data analytics needed to best advance these cases. The U.S. Attorney's Office requires access to a sophisticated, user-friendly, off the shelf analytics software package easily accessible from any user's government-furnished computer, or by agency partners via the internet. The government employees will be Assistant United States Attorneys (AUSAs), paralegals, analysts, and agents. They will be supported by on-site contractors. The criminal cases requiring data analytics include nearly every area of a case in the Office; violent crime, terrorism, public corruption, cybercrime, and narcotics trafficking, just to name a few. The civil cases include data-intensive areas such as opioid diversion and mortgage fraud. The challenges faced in our cases include, but are not limited to determining the scope of criminal activity involved in the scheme and the specific intent of illegal and/or foreign organizations and senior corporate officers who intentionally violate criminal statutes, financial institution and money laundering statutes, or pose a threat to the national security, foreign policy, or the economy of the United States. As such, the U.S. Attorney's Office requires sophisticated and specialized data analytic tools and support to load, organize, assimilate, and summarize large amounts of data, both structured and unstructured, and information related to major criminal investigations of corrupt public figures, cybercriminals, violent gangs, white-collar fraudsters, opioid traffickers, other targets actively pursued by our Civil Frauds unit who are engaged in systematic frauds perpetrated upon government agencies. Praescient Analytics is in search of a Senior Data Analytics Solutions Analyst to provide support for projects related to investigations and litigation cases. This includes managing projects from initiation to closure, developing deliverables and serving as a primary point-of-contact for attorneys, investigators, and case teams. Primary Responsibilities: * Gather a wide variety of data types from primary and secondary sources through diverse channels using a combination of methods that will be researched and employed by the Data Analytics Management team. * Develop, maintain, and enforce streamlined and efficient processes for project lifecycles, from collection through transformation of data; manage timelines, training, resources, and budgets; and will finalize or assist the Program Manager in the finalization of client deliverables. * Manage the collection, documentation, vetting and onboarding of data, provide direct support to the Data Analytics Engineer team on the database development and set up, and validate the population of data into the appropriate analytical tools. * Must have the ability to guide and assist Junior and Mid-level Data Analytics Solution Analysts as required. * Defining, developing, and communicating data analytics solutions to support the customer. * In this role you will take the lead in working with client case teams to identify their needs and jointly develop solutions through leveraging all available analytic and visualization options through the following: * Corresponding with key stakeholder personnel via regular consultations with clients to elicit requirements and provide regular status updates, performing data analysis and modeling to understand and identify data relationships/trends/classifications/predictions * Building experience in all available analysis and visualization software, proposing reporting solutions that best present the information to their supervisor. * Providing regular status updates to the Data Analytics Solutions Analyst - Senior regarding assigned tasks. * Ensuring successful completion of work, timeliness of deliverables, and quality control. * Delivering the completed solution. Required Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree or equivalent * Minimum of 7 years of experience using analytics tools, methods, and visualization software. * Significant experience in one or more of the following tools is required: Tableau Software; IBM I2/EIA; IBM Analyst Notebook; Database (SQL Server, Teradata, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL); Programming and/or scripting (Python, R, Java); Natural Language Processing; Aster, Neo4j, or other graph databases; Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud environment; and Other analytic and visualization tools. * Strong SQL experience is required. Deep understanding of database, ETL, and analytics tools and concepts. * Background in Law Enforcement, Data Science, Investigation, Data Analysis, Computer Information Systems, or Statistics. * Experience working in AWS or other cloud environments. * Experience supporting federal agencies. Industry analytics/business intelligence knowledge including current industry trends, challenges, and data quality approaches. Must be able to work independently and prioritize work effectively, as well as to function as an effective team member in a local and virtual team development environment. Desired Qualifications: * The candidate should take the initiative to attack new challenges and learn new skills independently. * Must be well organized and flexible. * Interested in a diverse skillset in data analytics and has current skills in either data analysis, litigation support, statistical software, analytic programming languages (Python, R, Java, SAS), visualization software, or database management. What you can expect from us: * Real opportunity for career growth in an environment where your achievements will be celebrated * Constant collaboration with numerous teams to ensure client success * A team that respects and embraces your ideas and expertise * Coworkers that are motivated by pursuing excellence, rather than the prospect of personal gain * A workplace dedicated to supporting and bettering public safety and government agencies Benefits: * Very competitive salary based on qualifications and experience * Comprehensive, Company paid United Health Care Medical for you and your family (We pay your premiums and deductibles) * 401(k) & 4% matching * Travel & performance incentives * 3 weeks paid time off (plus Federal Holidays) * $5K annual training allowance * $500 book allowance * Tuition reimbursement program Praescient Analytics is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all. Employees and applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, national origin, legally protected physical or mental disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or status in the uniformed services of the United States, status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era, or on any other basis which is protected under applicable law. This includes a commitment to provide a work environment that is free from all forms of illegal harassment including sexual harassment. This covers all terms and conditions of employment including (but not limited to): * Hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, or demotion of all job classifications; * Recruiting, advertising or solicitation for employment; * Treatment during employment; * Rates of pay or other forms of compensation; * Benefits; * Selection for training; * Company sponsored social and recreational activities; and * Layoff or termination Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US Citizenship Required Praescient Analytics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Interested Candidates: Please forward your resume to and please visit our website to apply online at www.praescientanalytics.applicantstack.com/x/opening
