Would be responsible for updating ingredient and formula specifications for food manufacturing company. Specifications would be updated to global standard, reviewed internally by discipline approvers, and aligned with supplier. Spec Writer would facilitate this process and ensure specifications meet standards and documentation properly filed. Job duties 1. Support legacy specification upgrade project from spec readiness to supplier commercial qualification approval 2. Learn and understand ingredientsupplierthird partyformula standards 3. Train in new specification system and understand the interaction between the suite of applications (Product Vision, TW, VCS, and PDMS) and become an expert 4. Specification Writer will interact with Product Developer to compile key data to write specification according to guidelines. 5. Create new ingredient, formula, sub-formula, and semi-finished formula in spec system 6. Compare prior specification data to migrated specification data to ensure accuracy of migration 7. Serve as point of contact with supplier to gather information and data needed to build specification 8. Manage PQQ process with Suppliers and complete timely follow-up to keep the process moving to completion 9. Interact with and provide support to all disciplines to ensure complete and accurate specification including Product Development, Food Safety, Regulatory, Quality, Procurement, and Supplier Quality Assurance 10. Manage ingredient and formula workflow launches routes 11. Support Commercialization Qualification plan follow-up with supplier and ensure appropriate disciplines review data when received 12. Support maintenance of specifications on-going including parameter adjustments, adding new supplier sites, etc. REQUIRED SKILLS " Minimum Bachelor's degree in Food Science " At least 1 year experience in the food industry " ExcelWordMS Outlook - Microsoft product proficient " Ability to learn computer applicationsprograms quickly " Good communication skills oral and written (e.g. communication on telephone, external and internal to , managing with other support group functions, etc.) " Ability to work under pressure " Good organizational skills " Document control knowledge " Attention to detail " Works well in a team setting, working with QARDFSReg work team on other aspects of project " Self-motivated " Good math skills
