As a senior-level member of technical staff, you will be interacting with software engineers, networksystem operations staff, networksystem architects and vendor partners to provide SDN technology evolution strategies and solutions to keep our service relevance in the market place in the fast moving and quickly evolving networking industry. Proactive technology research, industry trend analysis, and developing next-generation network architecture using modern networking technology and providing production deployable solutions are key functions of the team. Responsibilities include New technology validation and prototyping. Software Defined Networking (SDN) ecosystem development and technical vendor management. SDNNFV platform architecture and development. Open API (RESTRESTCONFNETCONF) and data modeling (YANG) verification and development. Common information and data model development for Verizon network infrastructure. Open API development and verification in support of Verizon SDN platform infrastructure. What wersquore looking for... Yoursquoll need to have Bachelorrsquos degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Hands-on experience in the following technologies and protocols NETCONF, RESTCONF, gNMI, gRPC, YANG (MEF, OpenConfig and IETF models), JSON, XML, and Kafka. Understanding wireline and wireless network management, control, provisioning, and service assurance. Experience in defining workflow from initial device turn-up and infrastructure configuration to service creation and monitoring. Familiar with L2L3 switching and routing protocols and technologies (e.g., spineleaf architectures, etc.). Even better if you have Masterrsquos or PhD degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering with modern data communication technology discipline. Multi-vendor system integration and technical vendor management experience. Network (WANLAN) Engineering (Layer 2 and above) experience in Service Provider Network or Enterprise Network environment. Hands-on experience configuring NetConf connected devices via ODL Restconf APIs and related tools. Experience in orchestration platform (e.g., ONAP) integration. In-depth knowledge of Packet, Optical, and Wireless network technologies. Open source tools development, implementation, and collaboration experience (Robot framework, Jenkins, Phabricator, Kafka, Screwdriver, etc.). Open networking, open API, and open platform development experience. Knowledge of deploying virtualized application in Linux environments - KVM, docker container, Kubernetes, OpenStack, VMWare, etc..
