As an analytical person, youre all about diving into data and nitty-gritty numbers. Wouldn't you love to join a rapidly expanding company known for their award-winning AI and their transformative technology? Where you can take ownership of an entire data subsystem? If so, youre sure to love this Sr. Data Engineer opportunity.

Be at the forefront of exciting new developments and use your high-level data visualization experience to support and assist with data pools, data lakes, mining, formating and so much more! To do well here, youll need experience with Data Lake, MongoDB, Data Visualization, Big Data, and NodeJS. Experience in React or D3 could come in handy as well! If you check all of those boxes, youll be showered with great perks like stock options, PTO & flextime while you work closely with AWS Lamda and NodeJS that is well-versed but requires your extra expertise to make it perfect. If youre knowledgeable, confident, and eager to be a part of a fun team youre in the right place!

The easiest part of the job: You'll collaborate with a growing team and learn new technological paradigms, all while earning awesome perks like PTO and employer-paid insurance!

The hardest part of the job: If you cannot work independently and solve problems without hand-holding, then this won't be the right fit for you.

Utilize your broad array of programming skills and experience writing scalable, high-performance microservices in this Sr. Data Engineer role. Apply now!

Whats in it for you?
Competitive Salary ($130,000-$170,000)
Employer Paid Medical
Employer Paid Dental
Life
401k
Flextime
PTO
Paid Holidays
What youll be doing:
Writing scalable, high-performance microservices
Speak up, guide, and communicate with your team
Utilize Javascript coding practices
Building services on a containerized or serverless platform
What you need:
Data Lake
MongoDb
Data Visualization
Big Data
NodeJS
- - - -- - - - - - - - - -
About Camden Kelly

Camden Kelly specializes in connecting qualified IT professionals with awesome opportunities at great companies in the Dallas / Fort Worth Area. Whether youre a job seeker looking for new opportunities or an employer looking to hire the best IT talent in the area, Camden Kelly is your go-to IT recruiting firm. Why work with us? Its simple; our staff is filled with career-oriented people just like you, and they will treat you how they expect to be treated.

At Camden Kelly, our values make us different than the competition. We are the proud recipients of the Best and Brightest award for 2016 and 2017. We believe in being honest, accountable, ethical, and reliable. We strive every day to be better than we were yesterday, and to be better tomorrow than today. Were not competing against other firms; were competing against ourselves.

Visit http://camdenkelly.com/jobs to explore opportunities in your area, and while youre at it follow us on Twitter (https://twitter.com/camdenkellycorp) and Linkedin (http://www.linkedin.com/company/3279780), fan us on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/camdenkellycorp) and join our circle on Google+ (https://plus.google.com/u/0/106722962279155885960) to stay up-to-date with current jobs, industry news and job hunting resources. Also feel free to contact us directly at dallas@camdenkelly.com or 972-643-8848.
