About the Role:The Data Engineer develops data and reporting solutions with moderate to high complexity that also have moderate to business criticality. The Engineer's also develop data set processes; work towards improving data, efficiency and quality; use large datasets to address business issues; provide full software development lifecycle support; manage design, security, standards, data quality and compliance processes; work independently; may lead teams or projects; have in-depth domain knowledge of the relevant industry. Other responsibilities include requirement analysis, design, code, test, debug, document and maintain data and analytics solutions.You will report to the Technology Solutions Manager who manages a Data Engineering team consisting of 12 team members in Dallas. We are a collaborative, passionate team delivering sustainable data-driven solutions on a variety of data warehousing and big data platforms to meet the needs of our customers across the Federal Reserve System.You Will:* Create data warehouses (very large databases, usually loaded from transaction and Enterprise Resource Planning [ERP] systems to support decision-making in an organization) and data marts (a subset of a data warehouse for a single department or function)* Develop data mining tools and analyze to sift through large amounts of data stored in a data warehouse or data mart to find relationships and patternsYou Have:* An Associate's degree, a Bachelor's degree a plus* Certified Business Intelligence Professional (CBIP) or equivalent certification a plus* At least seven years of verifiable Data Integration (a.k.a. Extract-Transform-Load or ETL) systems design and implementation experience using Informatica PowerCenter ( v9.x or greater)* Deployed and supported at least three such systems into production use, and have deployed at least five such systems into production use* Verifiable integration experience with multiple concurrent data sources, relational databases and flat files* At least 5 years of experience with Relational Database Systems, SQL, Database Architecture, Data Warehousing, Modeling and Mining, Data Analysis, Scripting Languages, Oracle* Equivalent education and/or experience may be substituted for any of the above requirementsWhy the Dallas Fed?We are dedicated to serving the public by promoting a financial system and a healthy economy for all. These efforts take a team of dedicated individuals doing many different jobs. Together we're creating a workplace where accomplished people can excel, and we welcome your unique background and perspective to help present the best possible solutions for our partners.Our Benefits:Our total rewards program offers benefits that are the best fit for you at every stage of your career:* Comprehensive healthcare options (Medical, Dental, and Vision)* 401K match, and a funded pension plan* Paid vacation, holidays, and volunteer hours; flexible work environment* Generously subsidized public transportation and free parking; annual tuition reimbursement* Professional development programs, training and conferences* And moreNotes:This position may be filled at multiple levels based on candidate's qualifications as determined by the department.This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or FOMC information, which is limited to "Protected Individuals" as defined in the U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access required for this position and sponsorship for a work visa, and subsequently for permanent residence, if they sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility requirements.In addition, all candidates must undergo an enhanced background check and comply with all applicable information handling rules, and all non-U.S. citizens must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen and pursue a path to citizenship.The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes in the diversityof our people, ideas and experiences, and we are committed to building an inclusive culture that represents he communities we serve.If you need assistance or an accommodation because of a disability, please notify your Talent Acquisition Consultant.
