Location: Arlington
What makes Gartner Research & Advisory a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you'll be part of a leading-edge team that values expert insights, bold ideas and intellectual courage. You'll deliver must-have research through compelling client interactions, and contribute to our double-digit growth by providing clients the unbiased insight and advice they need to make the right decisions every day. Through constant learning, discovery and collaboration, you'll help clients deliver on their mission-critical priorities, grow your career and increase your industry impact. We value hard workers - and reward you with unlimited opportunity. If you're looking to explore what's next in technology and business, Gartner is looking for you.

What makes Gartner Research & Advisory a GREAT fit for you?

If you want to bring Gartner's research, best practices and tools to life across a broad range of world class clients, and are a team player who values personal excellence, expert insights and bold ideas - then Gartner is looking for you!

About This Role

A Senior Principal, Quantitative Researcher at Gartner works closely with C-level executives, researchers, and advisors to identify and produce research that solves complex business challenges on a global scale. Quantitative Researchers enjoy exposure to the full array of strategic thought work including primary and secondary research, benchmarking and norming surveys, predictive modeling, and proprietary research exercises focused on peeling apart ideas in search of insight.

This position is in Gartner's Sales Research Practice, which serves Chief Sales Officers, Heads of Sales Enablement, and Heads of Sales Operations and their teams. The Sales Research Practice focuses on critical issues in the fast-evolving world of business-to-business (B2B) sales, including sales strategy and operations, new customer acquisition, sales effectiveness and enablement, and account management and growth. Our research has been featured in major news outlets including Harvard Business Review and published in books.

What You'll Do
Dissect problems using qualitative and quantitative research and analysis skills, inductive and deductive reasoning, abstract thinking, and root-cause analysis
Lead new-to-world quantitative research workstreams including survey modeling, design, and question writing
Analyze large data sets using advanced statistical techniques to identify actionable insights for senior executives
Engage executives from Fortune 500- and mid-sized companies to identify their most pressing business challenges.
Translate research and survey results into actionable recommendations that clients can implement
Directly lead, develop, and motivate one or more members of the team.
What You'll Need
Bachelor's degree required in an analytics-heavy field (Master's Degree or PhD), and a minimum of seven years of research experience
Strong experience in analyzing quantitative and qualitative data to identify relevant findings
Strong experience managing several full-cycle research projects simultaneously where you are conducting primary and secondary research utilizing qualitative and quantitative data
Excellent analytical skills, specifically, the ability to solve problems using qualitative and quantitative information and perform root cause and ROI analysis.
Experience creating graphical representations of data
Expertise with a statistical package (e.g., SPSS, STATA, R, etc.) for advanced analytics (e.g., multi-variate regressions, logistic regressions, cluster analysis, factor analysis, etc.)
Who You Are
You have experience in, or desire to lead a team of researchers
You are a creative thinker with excellent problem-solving abilities
You are an expert in the relevant, practical application of survey design methods
You can effectively teach and relay ideas, engage clients and communicate complex data through relevant means to senior leaders
What We Offer
Competitive salary, generous PTO policy, employee stock purchase plan, comprehensive benefits (medical, vision, and dental), onsite gym, and more!
Job Requisition ID:46124

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.
