Senior Data Architect
Staff Perm has partnered with a Financial Services organization to build up their Data Team and is seeking to hire a Senior Data Architect. Our streamlined process helps get you interviewing fast!

LOCATION: Remote - will transition to office in Irving/Las Colinas at a later date.
POSITION:Contract to Hire
APPLY:http://bit.ly/1mzJQeL
PAY: $65.00.00hr $70.00hr DOE

JOB SUMMARY
The Senior Data Architect is responsible for the overall design of the enterprise-wide data/information architecture and logical/ physical data models. This position will work closely with business users and technology leads to develop data strategy and information catalog and repository. This position will help with tool and technology evaluations and provide tactical and strategic direction and support for data warehouse and analytics initiatives
JOB DUTIES
Design and documentation of logical and physical analytical data models for transactional and analytical databases.
Works closely with Data Stewards, Data Governance and developers to create and maintain data dictionary and data lineage. Helps investigate and resolve data anomalies including data quality issues and ambiguous data definitions. Recommends data integrity checks and controls to ensure data quality.
Obtains new data requirements from the business and business analysts; and coordinates efforts with the developers, dba's and business analysts. Performs as data SME in guiding both business and IT users of data.
Source system analysis, data profiling and creating design documents and Source2Target mappings for the development teams to implement
Assists with large-scale data migrations across the enterprise as well as with optimization and scalability efforts.
Works closely with key data consumers (report analysts, data scientists etc.) to understand needs and challenges and come up with strategy and solutions.
Ensures compliance withpolicies & procedures, safety, state and federal laws, regulations and standards.
REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience.
Eight (8) to ten (10) years' experience in designing conceptual, logical and physical data models using major enterprise data modeling tools (Embarcadero experience is preferred) which must include;
At least 5 years' experience in strategic data planning, standards and procedures;
At least 5 years' experience in data quality engineering, metadata consolidation and integration, metadata model development and maintenance, repository management, data warehouse design and data mining, and data security;
At least 5 years' experience in leveraging enterprise data warehouse modeling constructs, methodologies and practices to ensure flexible, scalable, maintainable, and high-performing physical databases; and
At least 5 years' experience in data analysis and forensics.
Proficiency in SQL
Good knowledge of ETL, ELT and batch
Experience with analytics, data visualization tools a plus
About Staff Perm
Staff Perm is an Award Winning and Certified Small Business Enterprise that is BBB Accredited utilizing a staff with over 20 years of staffing and placement experience to simplify the employee recruitment process.

2221 Lakeside Blvd. Suite 1120, Richardson, Texas 75082www.staffperm.com

Equal Opportunity Statement:
Staff Perm is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression,age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
