Job Description
Key responsibilities/duties include:
Build, implement and maintain predictive models through their full lifecycle.
Identify patterns & trends in data, and provides insights to enhance business decision making.
Identify challenges and opportunities from client strategy discussions and taking ownership of solution.
Set up and monitor monthly model recalibration process.
Generate complex ad-hoc analyses combining disparate concepts or creating new approaches.
Design and create new analytic procedures & automation.
Review corporate model scoring QC.
Review corporate data transformation QC.
Education and Experience:
MS/PHD in a quantitative discipline or BS in a quantitative discipline with commensurate experience
Regular SQL use for querying data
Experience programming with at least one language
Use of statistical software (e.g., R, Python)
Experience with Tableau (or other data visualization platform)
Experience with Excel
Financial or insurance industry experience strongly preferred
3-5 years of Database Marketing and Data Mining experience
DataLab USA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
Company Description
DataLab USA is an analytics and technology driven database marketing consultancy. We combine sophisticated technology, cutting edge analytics and an intrinsic understanding of marketing to build large-scale addressable marketing programs for Fortune 500 companies. Our clients operate in multiple verticals: Financial Services, Insurance, Telcom, and Travel & Leisure.
Because of our success, we are growing at a rapid pace. We have placed in the INC 5000 list of fastest growing private companies for four times in the last ten years. At its heart, DataLab has the entrepreneurial spirit of a start-up. We judge ourselves on our ability to innovate, drive efficiency and deliver excellence for our clients.
DataLab’s success comes from the diversity of our teammates educational, professional and personal backgrounds. Together we form a team guided by our shared passions:
Curiosity - insatiable drive for answers
Innovation - constant tinkering in search of a better mousetrap
Data - the home of all answers
Passion – intense enthusiasm for success
This allows DataLab to not only win for our clients but also in multiple data mining competitions:
DMA Analytics Challenge, six-time winner
NCDM, two-time winner
ICDM winner
KDD Cup winner
