Purpose of Job
Must equal 999
Job Requirements
Drives the development and coordination of CoSA strategy.
Works with CoSA executive management to establish strategic framework that enables short and long-term business goals and objectives.
Develops specific processes to manage the business strategic planning process.
Maintains and aligns business process and frameworks to USAA enterprise strategy process and framework.
Builds and maintains CoSA specific strategic roadmaps to ensure deliverables are met (current and future).
Maintains responsibility of change management plans and strategies for large, complex business specific initiatives that often impact the organization and/or enterprise.
Performs primary and secondary research and analysis and synthesizes findings on market, industry, consumer and competitor trends.
Guides less experienced team members as they perform research and analysis.
Supports CoSA executive leadership with the design and coordination of the annual strategic planning and operational planning processes.
Leads and motivates cross-functional team members in strategy development and implementation.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
8 or more years professional work experience.
5 or more years related business experience.
4 or more years planning and execution experience.
4 or more years work experience in a role that directly contributed to business short-term and/or long-term goals inside USAA or externally.
Demonstrated business acumen in financial services and a proven ability to balance strategic thinking with practical implementation skills.
Expert level effective executive level communications and facilitation experience.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred Requirements:
Solid experience and knowledge of the big data landscape (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Cloud-based storage/compute/network infrastructure as well as data processing solutions on AWS, Azure or GCP); strong knowledge of the data and analytics solution vendors and competitive landscape is preferred
Strong understanding of analytics and data science processes including model development lifecycle, model performance management and governance, and software development lifecycle including ability to articulate value propositions for advanced analytics use cases
Demonstrated ability to engage stakeholders and partners in a collaborative development process; strong consulting skills with a proven track record of leading high impact engagements
Well-versed in articulating business and technical value proposition for advanced analytics use cases
Excellent conceptual and analytical thinking and communication skills through white-boarding, presentations and written content creation
Relocation assistance is available for this position.

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day to apply to the opening is 06/30/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
