Job summary

Join a small, highly skilled data science team using state of the art machine learning and data analysis to improve Wi-Fi networking. This position offers the unique opportunity to apply data science to a new area (wireless networking) which itself is deep and scientific. We are engaged in solving difficult problems in prediction, optimization, clustering, and anomaly detection.

The data is huge in scale, encompassing measurements from millions of users worldwide at time granularity of seconds. And, your work will improve the performance of consumer products that your friends are buying!

Responsibilities
Utilize machine learning techniques to develop
Predictive models of network parameters such as load and interference
Networking anomaly detection
Client behavior classification
Predicting customer satisfaction and behaviors
Deriving estimates of load, capacity, link rates, etc. from noisy raw measurements
Develop data analysis and dashboards to represent the network statistics we are gathering
Specifying tools and data pipelines to enable data analysis and machine learning
Qualifications (Must)
Bachelor's degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or Statistics
At least three years of experience applying data science to networking or wireless communications is required for this position. This could be work experience, or experience while performing research in a Ph.D. academic program.
Strong ability in Python, SQL, or Scala, good coding skills
Experience working with large databases, high volume data
Familiarity with concepts from statistics
Experience with and fundamental understanding of machine learning techniques
Experience Desired
Experience estimating processing and communications requirements for various data pipelines/learning systems
Experience with a range of data analysis techniques: linear regression, random forest, clustering, factor analysis, NLP techniques, supervised and unsupervised learning,, graph algorithms, etc.
Knowledge of networking protocols such as UDP/TCP behaviors,
Understanding of wireless parameters such as RSSI, MIMO, OFDMA, etc.
