At the heart of Defining Possible is our commitment to missions. In rapidly changing global security environments, Northrop Grumman brings informed insights and software-secure technology to enable strategic planning. We're looking for innovators who can help us keep building on our wide portfolio of secure, affordable, integrated, and multi-domain systems and technologies that fuel those missions. By joining in our shared mission, we'll support yours of expanding your personal network and developing skills, whether you are new to the field or an industry thought-leader. At Northrop Grumman, you'll have the resources, support, and team to do some of the best work of your career.

The Engineering & Sciences (E&S) organization pushes the boundaries of innovation, redefines engineering capabilities, and drives advances in various sciences. Our team is chartered with providing the skills, innovative technologies to develop, design, produce and sustain optimized product lines across the sector while providing a decisive advantage to the warfighter. Come be a part of our mission!

Come join a team of highly skilled engineers who have a great collaborative spirit towards a common goal. Though the program has been in operations for over 16 years, we recently won a new contract that extends the program for an additional 10 years. We are in the middle of re-architecting the whole system and adding new tools and paradigms that will make the system more efficient and improve capacity. The team is currently completely revamping the architecture and bringing it up to date utilizing modern constructs and tools. You will work closely with our customers and their contractor team to lead an ongoing effort to optimize complex cyber systems. Daily you will face complex technical problems involving telecommunications, network engineering, and large data sets requiring strong statistical and data visualization skills. Solving complex technical problems, including the ability to conduct independent research and develop prototype analytical algorithms is needed. You will be analyzing performance of modern internet applications such as streaming video, VoIP or other internet transmission protocols and providing recommendations for system performance improvements. You will utilize your verbal and written skills to communicate to fellow team members and our customer. New areas of interest include Model Based System Engineering, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.

A current active DoD Top Secret/SCI Clearance with the ability to obtain and maintain a Single Scope Polygraph is required. Applicants without a Single Scope Polygraph Clearance may be considered with the understanding that employment will not begin until a Single Scope Polygraph Clearance is obtained.

We are seeking a Principal or Sr. Principal Data Scientist to join our team in San Jose, CA.

This requisition may be filled at a higher grade based on qualifications listed below

#LI-M-105

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications for a Principal Data Scientist:
Bachelor's Degree with a STEM discipline (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math) with 5 years of relevant work experience, or Master's Degree with 3 years of relevant work experience, or a PhD with 0 years relevant work experience.
Relevant work experience in software test or development using Python, Java, or C/C++
Familiarity with Linux development environment
A current active DoD Top Secret/SCI Clearance with the ability to obtain and maintain a Single Scope Polygraph by start date.
Basic Qualifications for a Sr. Principal Data Scientist:
Bachelor's Degree with a STEM discipline (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math) with 9 years of relevant work experience, or Master's Degree with 7 years of relevant work experience, or a PhD with 4 years relevant work experience.
Relevant work experience in software test or development using Python, Java, or C/C++
Familiarity with Linux development environment
A current active DoD Top Secret/SCI Clearance with the ability to obtain and maintain a Single Scope Polygraph by start date.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience developing software solutions on the Unix OS platform.
Experience working with Big Data.
Experience developing and executing test plans.
Graduate Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics.
Knowledge of Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence.
Background in a telecommunications and/or network management.
Experience with software and hardware interface development.
Experience with system software development/configuration/ management.
Software integration experience.
Understanding network performance profiling and optimization.
Experience developing software solutions on the Unix OS platform.
Experience utilizing Data analytics tools.
Experience working with Big Data.
Understanding of IP protocols
What We Can Offer You:

Northrop Grumman provides a comprehensive benefits package and a work environment that encourages your growth and supports the mutual success of our people and our company. Northrop Grumman benefits give you the flexibility and control to choose the benefits that make the most sense for you and your family. Your benefits will include the following:

Health Plan

Savings Plan

Paid Time Off

Education Assistance

Training and Development

Flexible Work Arrangements

https://benefits.northropgrumman.com/us/en2/BenefitsOverview/Pages/default.aspx

Additional Northrop Grumman Information:

Northrop Grumman has approximately 85,000 employees in all 50 states and in more than 25 countries, we strive to attract and retain the best employees by providing an inclusive work environment wherein employees are receptive to diverse ideas, perspectives and talents to help solve our toughest customer challenges: to develop and maintain some of the most technically sophisticated products, programs and services in the world.

Our Values. The women and men of Northrop Grumman Corporation are guided by Our Values. They describe our company as we want it to be. We want our decisions and actions to demonstrate these Values. We believe that putting Our Values into practice creates long-term benefits for shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, and the communities we serve.

Our Responsibility. At Northrop Grumman, we are committed to maintaining the highest of ethical standards, embracing diversity and inclusion, protecting the environment, and striving to be an ideal corporate citizen in the community and in the world.
