During the current global health crisis, the priority for Siemens Digital Industries Software is the health and well-being of our entire community including current and future employees, which may add time to our hiring processes. We appreciate your patience and invite you to visit our website to learn more about how Siemens is responding to the pandemic.
Company: SISW - MG
Job Title: Software Engineer (Data Scientist, C,C++,Linux) - 189288
Job Location: USA - CA - Fremont
Job Category: R&D SW Engineering

Job Description:

We are looking for a highly motivated engineer to work in the RET team in the Calibre business unit. In this role you will be responsible for analyzing modeling data (experimental and synthetic/simulated) and coming up with novel ways to organize it, while deriving meaningful operations and extracting maximum information from this data.

You will also be expected to develop supporting software that will be properly integrated in the modeling suite of tools that are used specifically in modeling of semiconductor manufacturing.

You will be teaming up with a group of senior software engineers contributing to final production-level quality of new components and algorithms and to support existing components.

This is a unique role that will challenge you and allow you to grow in interdisciplinary areas of software engineering and data analysis.

Knowledge and experience in the area of data science/data analysis is preferred.

Some familiarity with physical modeling of any discipline (e.g. from fields in electrical or mechanical engineering) will be very useful for the suitable candidate.

Job
Qualifications:

The successful candidate will possess the following
combination of education and experience:
BS or
MS in Data Sciences, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics or
Applied Mathematics.
Working
knowledge in development of C and C++ on UNIX and/or LINUX platforms.
Excellent
programming skills in at least one mainstream scripting language, preferably
Python.
Experience/knowledge
in data analysis.
Experience/knowledge
in machine learning technology.
Experience
with Python, Keras and Tensorflow.
Demonstrated
ability to learn and explore new technologies.
Excellent
analysis and problem-solving skills.
Must
have the ability to collaborate closely with other members of the team and
develop critical components consistently and in a timely manner.
Experience
with MATLAB/R or equivalent mathematical package is expected.
This position may require access to export-controlled technology. If an export license is required and Mentor Graphics elects to apply for such a license, then candidates must be approved and licensed by the applicable government authorities as a condition of employment.

#LI-MGRP
#LI-JE1

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Mentor Graphics Corporation

Experience Level: Recent College Graduate

Job Type: Full-time

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.

EEO is the Law
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.

Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.

California Privacy Notice
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.
