Western Digital®

The next big thing in data is you!

Data Analytics team at Western Digital’s Recording Sub-System (RSS) division is looking for a Data Scientist who has a passion to build data products and data systems.

The Data Analytics team makes the most use of a vast data (>10TB/day) acquired from our HDD manufacturing tests. As our experience and vision expand, the opportunity to make important contributions to the company and to our customers through data analytics is also expanding. We seek a Data Scientist with practical experience in exploring big data opportunity at Western Digital. As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for utilizing disparate data sources in novel ways, with the aim of generating actionable insights. The insights can create new offerings or improve the product reliability and performance and the efficiency of existing processes.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Understand existing business flow and product features, dive into the underlying data including numeric/categorical data, images and text, apply relevant Data Mining techniques and/or Machine Learning algorithms and propose data analytic approach to improve product quality and process efficiency.
Implement the applicable Machine Learning or statistics-based algorithm for prediction and optimization and deliver the trained model to production
Design, build and support algorithms of data transformation, conversion, computation on Hadoop and other distributed Big Data Systems
Work closely with key business stakeholders.
Communicate key analytic findings within the business and to senior stakeholders.
Research, explore, and enable new quantitative techniques and technologies in data science.
Drive thought leadership and embrace emerging industry innovation.


ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL®

The future. It’s on you. You & Western Digital.

We’ve been storing the world’s data for more than 50 years. Once, it was the most important thing we could do for data. Now we’re helping the world capture, preserve, access and transform data in a way only we can.

The most game-changing companies, consumers, professionals, and governments come to us for the technologies and solutions they need to capture, preserve, access, and transform their data.

But we can’t do it alone. Today’s exceptional data challenges require your exceptional skills. It’s You & Us. Together, we’re the next big thing in data.

Western Digital® data-centric solutions are found under the G-Technology™, SanDisk®, Upthere™, and WD® brands.

Western Digital is an equal opportunity employer.

Western Digital does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law" poster.

Western Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify.

#LI-AD1
