GRAIL is a healthcare company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is focused on alleviating the global burden of cancer by developing pioneering technology to detect and identify multiple deadly cancer types early. The company is using the power of next-generation sequencing, population-scale clinical studies, and state-of-the-art computer science and data science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology, and to develop its multi-cancer early detection blood test. GRAIL is located in Menlo Park, California. It is supported by leading global investors and pharmaceutical, technology, and healthcare companies. For more information, please visit www.grail.com

As a Senior Scientist/Scientist II at GRAIL, you will join an exceptional and innovative product development team responsible for delivering commercial scale NGS assays. You will lead critical studies that support new product introduction and regulatory submissions by providing technical expertise in the planning, execution and analysis of laboratory experiments. The ideal candidate should have extensive experience developing or validating assays in a regulated environment, possess critical thinking skills, and be a self-motivated team player.
You Will:
Act as a core technical lead on product development projects leading to new product introductions and regulatory submissions.
Drive development efforts to optimize assay performance and improve laboratory processes.
Work effectively on cross-functional teams to plan, design and execute verification/validation studies.
Perform complex analysis of large genomic data sets in collaboration with Bioinformatics and Biostatistics.
Be responsible for documentation in compliance with Good Laboratory Practices and Quality Systems Requirements.
Present project updates, data analysis, and experimental conclusions at technical meetings.
Mentor junior team members.

Your Background Will Include:

Ph.D in Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, or related field with 3-8 years industry experience.
IVD product development experience highly desired, knowledge of regulatory requirements, experience working under Design Control, authoring study protocols and reports.
Hands-on experience with Next Generation Sequencing workflows or assays is a plus.
In-depth knowledge of molecular biology techniques and workflows is required.
Experience with statistical programming and software (e.g., R, JMP) is a plus.
Experience with LIMS, automation, and Document Control is desired.
Strong verbal and written communication skills and willingness to collaborate cross-functionally in a fast paced and dynamic environment.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
