Do you want to help bring prenatal diagnostics into clinical practice and improve lives of millions of expecting parents?

BillionToOne (Y Combinator S17) has developed a molecular counter that improves cell-free DNA diagnostics resolution by 1000x. This allows us to revolutionize multiple fields, from prenatal testing to oncology. With our first flagship UNITY and UNITY Complete tests, we have grown our sample volume by more than 100% even during the pandemic. We are currently automating more of our processes and building a 10x larger clinical laboratory that will be able to process 1500+ samples per day.

We are looking for an experienced and driven Lead Clinical Laboratory Scientist (with California Clinical Laboratory Scientist License) to perform UNITY, the only non-invasive prenatal test (NIPT) that can detect inherited disorders such as sickle cell disease, spinal muscular atrophy, and cystic fibrosis in the baby directly from maternal blood. These disorders are extremely severe, but early detection and intervention can significantly improve outcomes. You will join our growing superstar CLIA team responsible for end-to-end processing of pregnancy blood samples in a high complexity, high-growth CLIA setting.

Responsibilities
Performs clinical laboratory assays to provide data for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease.
Analyzes test results and enters findings in LIMS.
Performs quality control studies to ensure accuracy of clinical data.
Engages in method validation under direct supervision of the Laboratory Director and General Supervisor.
Verifies instrument performance by checking and calibrating specific lab instruments and documents data.
Organizes and contributes to R&D to CLIA tech transfer and troubleshooting, training, and validations
Requirements

Who You Are:
Bachelor's degree in the chemical, physical or biological sciences
5+ years of related experience in a clinical setting (or 3+ years of experience for Senior CLS position)
A current California Clinical Laboratory Scientist License that meets requirements for Testing Personnel under CLIA regulations (42 CFR, part 493) (ASCP, CGMBS or generalist license is required).
Hands-on training and expertise with manual molecular biology protocols, including DNA extraction and PCR
Prior experience with Next Generation Sequencing
Advanced knowledge of Google Docs, Google Calendar, Word, Excel, Basic Statistics and familiarity with LIMS systems
Strong attention to detail and ability to work flexibly and well under given timeframes. Must be able to multi-task, be a self-starter and dynamic team player with excellent verbal and written skills.
Nice-to-haves:
Knowledge of medical genetics
Experience in a cell-free DNA setting
More About Us:

BillionToOne has developed noninvasive prenatal tests for the most common genetic disorders in the world. More than 100 million people are carriers for these disorders. The prenatal detection of these disorders currently requires invasive methods with high miscarriage risk, but we have developed tests that solve this important problem.

BillionToOne has raised a large Series A and Series A+ funding (~$35M) from global institutional investors, including from Hummingbird Ventures, Neotribe Ventures and Y Combinator.

Check out a simplified introduction to our technology and its potential to transform molecular diagnostics:

https://vimeo.com/311952506

Benefits

We offer highly competitive salary and benefits combined with a truly generous equity package. You will be working on interesting problems with extremely high-impact.

BillionToOne is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

]]>
