Job Description


Job #: 1075054

Please send all resumes to ekingery@apexsystems.com for further consideration.

Title: Data Scientist

Location: Sunnyvale

Duration: 6 month contract

Position Description:

We are looking for a passionate, creative data scientist professional to join our Data Science team. You will have the unique opportunity to work with massive business and social data generated by our unparalleled online and offline commerce. You will be responsible to use cutting-edge machine learning, data mining, and optimization techniques to design and prototype robust, scalable predictive models and analytics solutions. You will be a part of a cross-functional team of scientists, engineers, product managers, and business professionals that sit at the intersection of data science, big data, IT infrastructure, and business operations.

Responsibilities:
Perform hands-on data exploration, processing, and analysis on massive data sets.
Use machine learning, deep learning and data mining techniques to develop robust predictive models in areas such as seller risk management, fake rating & review detection, account linking, and anomaly detection.
Pull data from warehouse, perform feature engineering, back-test models, compare model performances and communicate the results to stakeholders.
Research and develop state-of-the-art algorithms that address complex business problems.
Minimum Qualifications:
Technical expertise in data mining, machine learning, and statistical analysis.
Proficient in machine learning and data mining packages in Python.
Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, or Spark).
Programming skills in one of the following languages: SQL, Java, or JavaScript on a UNIX or Linux platform.
Advanced degree (Master or PhD) in any STEM field plus two years of related experience.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, iterative development environment.
Good communication skills, ability to work with cross functional teams of technical and non-technical members.
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
2+ years seller risk management experience
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
