COMPANY OVERVIEWProudly Farmers First?!What do you get when you cross the best of Silicon Valley innovation and technology with the value driven mission of Family Farmers around the world?Farmers Business Network, Inc. (FBN?)!FBN? was created by farmers for farmers and is on a mission to power the prosperity of Family Farmers around the world by leveling the playing field through insights, commerce and community. Our goal is to enable them to make smart business decisions that maximize their farms profit potential for generations to come, helping to ensure the fundamental economic viability and sustainability of family farms and rural communities.We are a dynamic, and innovative AgTech company that offers competitive compensation and benefits and is backed by top investors including Google Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, DBL Partners, T Rowe Price and Temasek.THE ROLEHow can we sustainably feed the world? With the population set to reach nine billion by 2050 and available farmland decreasing, the odds are stacked against us. This problem falls squarely on the shoulders of farmers, who are increasingly working harder for less. FBN helps farmers to solve these problems.Farmers are often forced to make key decisions in the face of significant uncertainty about their impact. FBN applies technology and data science to this challenge. We're building the world's largest agronomic dataset - made up of billions of data points, gathered from sophisticated sensors on farm equipment. The network effect of farmers sharing their data allows us to deliver unprecedented analyses that help farmers make data-driven decisions - we're not just building new technology, we're also making new agricultural scientific discoveries.We're looking for data scientists who are enthusiastic about applying big data to help farmers!Data science underlies every product that we build at FBN, so you'll see your work directly translate into new products for our farmers. The data science team at FBN:* Explores one of the world's most unique, interesting, and diverse datasets.* Furthers scientific understanding about what affects agricultural production.* Uncovers insights that help farmers efficiently support a growing population.* Makes meaningful improvements in the world by translating data science into products that help farmers increase yield and efficiency.Required Skills* Deep understanding of statistical modeling concepts.* Familiarity with machine learning algorithms.* Excellent programming skills (R or Python preferred).* Preferred: understanding of agricultural systems (soil chemistry, plant physiology, entomology, etc).Required Experience* MS or greater in statistics or related discipline, OR MS or greater in agronomy or related discipline with strong data analysis skills.Farmer's Business Network, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and participates in U.S. Citizenship and Immigration's E-Verify program.
