Requisition ID: 255385
Work Area: Software-Research
Expected Travel: 0 - 10%
Career Status: Professional
Employment Type: Regular Full Time
Career Level: T2
Posting Date : 6/10/2020

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

Purpose and Objective:

Ariba Inc. seeks a Data Scientist at Palo Alto, CA location to execute the mathematical modeling of our customers’ business problems, develop algorithms, data mining flows and applications to solve these problems, and help our customers directly to understand and implement the results of the analysis.

Expectations and Tasks:

Work with industry experts and technology experts to translate our customers’ business needs into mathematical models and present and deliver a solution to the client. Integrate or implement data mining/ mathematical methods into products. Evaluate and test data mining methods and maintains a high level of quality. Work with the senior data scientist to prototype new innovations and eventually get them into the product. Contribute to data definitions, data storage infrastructure for data mining purposes and to Data Mining architectures. Resolve data mining performance issues and monitor data mining system performance and implements efficiency improvements. Implement data mining algorithms if required. Work with product management, application developers, information developers and end users. Performs functional and empirical analysis on data mining topics. Conduct research on data mining tools and algorithms, implement prototypes and data mining algorithms and validates them on real data. Contribute to best practices for data mining topics and collaborate with development, universities and research institutes. 5% travel required.

Education and Qualifications/Skills and Competencies:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or a related field and 5 year of experience required. The company will also accept a Master's degree and 1 years of experience.

Work Experience:

Experience must include 1 year with: Databases; Data exploration including data discovery, data cleansing, data analysis, and feature engineering, including key performance indicators (KPIs); Model discovery including model exploration, model development, including training and validation, and model implementation; Modelling, including univariate and multivariate regression, logistic regression, natural language processing, machine learning and clustering & classification methodologies; preparation of design documents and functional requirements documents (FRDs); Familiarity with at least two of the following languages – Python, R, Java, C++, SQL. 5% travel required.

Travel:5% travel required.

Internal use only: reference code lhrs0000

EX:OUT

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT

To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.

Additional Locations :
