We have a
unique opportunity for someone to contribute their talents and strengths as a Data
Analyst.

A COMPANY TO BE PROUD
OF

Kurtzman
Carson Consultants LLC (KCC), a Computershare company, is a leading
Restructuring claims, noticing, ballot and information agent responsible for
the distribution of client related notices, bankruptcy claims administration
and creditor communications, including the hosting of case-specific websites and
call centers. KCC has gained client and industry recognition for its
industry expertise, professional-level client service and proprietary
technologies.

At Computershare we invite you to share our vision and
commitment to excellence in everything that we do. Our 12,000 people around the
globe are entrepreneurial and innovative, serving 16,000 clients and customers
with precision and reliability because they count on us to deliver, every time.

Computershare (ASX: CPU) is a global market
leader in transfer agency and share registration, employee equity plans,
mortgage servicing, proxy solicitation and stakeholder communications. We also
specialize in corporate trust, bankruptcy, class action and utility
administration, and a range of other diversified financial and governance
services.

Founded in 1978, Computershare is renowned
for its expertise in high integrity data management, high volume transaction
processing and reconciliations, payments and stakeholder engagement. Many of
the world’s leading organizations use us to streamline and maximize the value
of relationships with their investors, employees, creditors and customers.

Computershare is
represented in all major financial markets and has over 12,000 employees
worldwide.

DIVERSITY IS A STRENGTH

Across our global team, we see
diversity as a source of strength. The more perspectives we have, the better
equipped we’ll be to meet the demands of our diverse global customer base. We
want every person who joins out team, every customer and every supplier to feel
welcome. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and believe in equality for
everyone, regardless of age, national or ethnic origin, sex, gender identity or
expression, race, color, religion, disability, sexual orientation, protected
veteran status or other characteristics protected be applicable law. That
applies throughout our company, around the world with no exceptions, regardless
of differences. We will hire, develop, reward, promote and retain people purely
on the basis of their talents, commitment, potential and the results they
achieve. We will work hard to make sure everyone is included within our
organization, removing barriers and obstacles to give everyone an equal
opportunity to succeed.

OUR VALUES

Our key values – Certainty,
Ingenuity and Advantage – drive everything we do: you can count on us to
deliver with precision and reliability, every time. We look beyond today’s
problems to find tomorrow’s solutions, focusing on finding new and better way
to unlock your competitive edge and help you achieve your business goals.

A ROLE YOU WILL LOVE

Work in the
interesting and complex world of corporate restructuring and learn from one of
the top administrative-support providers in the country. We are currently
looking for bright and ambitious individuals to fill the position of Data
Consultant. As a Data Consultant, you will work hand-in-hand with
lawyers, financial advisors and court employees to help administer large
corporate Chapter 11 reorganization cases. This position reports to Senior
Managing Consultants and the Vice President or Director of Restructuring.

WHAT
WE NEED FROM YOU
Interact and provide service for internal case teams,
clients, clients’ counsel and other professionals.
Data gathering, formatting and management of databases,
including initial creditor matrix, service lists, claims registers,
Schedules/SOFA data, voting amount spreadsheets and voting tabulation
reports.
Review, reformat, input and export data for Schedules
of Assets and Liabilities and Statement of Financial Affairs.
Format service lists and merge files for complex
variable data mailings.
Review claims, perform claims reconciliation and
prepare and reformat various claims reports for internal and external
purposes.
Coordinate preparation of contract review databases,
including delegation of contract review, compilation of completed files
and review final work product.
Advanced working knowledge of and experience with
Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Access. Proficiency with other aspects
Microsoft Office, especially Outlook and Word. Working knowledge of VBA and SQL
preferred.
Possess advanced technical skills to facilitate
creating financial models, databases, pivot tables, analytics, etc.
Ability to quickly learn and navigate proprietary
software.
Technical aptitude and ability to understand technical
and functional concepts quickly
Other duties or tasks as assigned by management. May be
asked to work and stay after regular work hours.
Excellent attention to detail
Strong written and verbal communication
Energetic and self-motivated.
Possess good interpersonal skills and be able to work
on a team.
Be able to thrive in a fast-pace and dynamic work
environment.
Detail oriented, conscientious and reliable.
The noise level in the environment is moderate.
KEY QUALIFICATIONS

To perform
this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty
satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the
knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be
made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential
functions.

Education
and Experience
Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year college or
university, preferably in Information Technology or Computer Science. One
to two years of experience in a related field.
Microsoft Excel Certification, Preferred
Travel Required

It is
expected that this position may include travel up to 10
of the time.
This is subject to change based on many factors, including business needs.

Language Ability

Ability to read/comprehend simple
instructions, short correspondence, and memos; write simple correspondence;
effectively present information in one-on-one/small group situations to
customers, clients, and other employees of the organization

Mathematical Ability

Ability to add and
subtract two-digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and
100's. Ability to perform these operations using units of American money
and weight measurement, volume, and distance.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of
those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this
job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with
disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The noise level in the environment is
typical of an open office environment.
Physical Demands

The physical demands
described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to
successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable
accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform
the essential functions.
Sedentary work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a
negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull
or otherwise move objects. Sedentary work involves sitting most of
the time. Jobs are sedentary if walking and standing are required only
occasionally and all other sedentary criteria are met.
REWARDS
AS UNIQUE AS YOU
A choice medical insurance
plans designed to meet your needs
Dental & Vision insurance
Life & Disability insurance
Flexible spending and health
savings accounts
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Paid time off - You’ll accrue 3
weeks your first year!
Nine Holidays
$1,000 Employee Referral
Program
Wellness programs
Matching 401(k)
Tuition Reimbursement
Banking and investments plans
Rewards and recognition
programs
Employee discounts for
wellness, auto & homeowners insurance, wireless service and more…
To learn more, visit us at www.computershare.com/mycareer.

Your
career is waiting.

Computershare is an Equal
Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for
employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity or expression, national or ethnic origin, age, disability,
protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by applicable
law.
