At GenapSys we are working to power the world of healthcare and diagnostics with advanced DNA sequencing technology. Our sequencing instrument platform leverages a proprietary electrical microfluidic sequencing chip with a scalable number of detectors, enabling a wide range of applications including targeted sequencing in oncology, pharmacogenomics and genome-wide sequencing in microbiology and others. We believe in a world where every researcher has a compact, scalable, and affordable sequencer in their own lab, empowering the democratization of genetic sequencing. Our novel sequencing method is revolutionizing genomics discovery, biomedical research, healthcare, diagnostics, agriculture, and a variety of other fields.

Our team brings together an incredibly diverse and multidisciplinary set of backgrounds and skills – from electrical and mechanical engineers, physicists, chemists, microfluidic engineers, molecular biologists, bioinformaticians, mathematicians and more. It is a super exciting time to join GenapSys as we recently launched our first product which is generating a tremendous amount of interest.

About the Role:

Machine learning approaches are at the core of GenapSys' methods for generating high quality DNA sequencing data. As a machine learning engineer, you will join forces in the development of cutting-edge machine learning methods that solve key problems in the DNA sequencing, base calling, and variant calling processes. You will work closely with a cross-functional team of life scientists, bioengineers, and data scientists to identify areas where machine learning can make a difference, to conceptualize and develop biological datasets using cutting edge, high throughput platforms, and to analyze these data sets using the best machine learning methods, applied at scale.

Qualifications:
MS, or Ph.D. in computer science, statistics, mathematics, physics, engineering, or equivalent practical experience.
Expertise in Python and with version control practices and tools, especially Git/Github.
Demonstrated ability to write high-quality, production-ready code (readable, well-tested, with well-designed APIs).
1- 4 years of real-world work experience in software development for high-end machine learning algorithms.
Significant experience with Tensorflow.
Demonstrated prior experience with time series data analysis.
Demonstrated hands-on experience with development of Deep Learning models, various Neural Network concepts, classification algorithms that go beyond putting together of existing code, and to apply troubleshooting and problem-solving skills to complex issues.
Ability to communicate effectively and collaborate with people of diverse backgrounds and job functions.
Bonus Points If:
Experience with biological data (DNA sequences, RNAseq, proteomics, microscopy images, etc.).
Proficiency in Linux environment (including shell scripting), experience with database languages (e.g., SQL, No-SQL).
Familiarity with cloud computing services (AWS or GCP).
Experience with scalable machine learning, including the application to large datasets.
What we offer (US based-employees)*:
Competitive compensation and generous stock options.
Comprehensive, industry-leading medical, dental and vision benefits for employees and dependents.
Pre-tax savings plans for health care, child care, elder care, public transportation and parking expenses.
401(k) retirement plan with matching employer contribution.
Free daily catered gourmet lunches and snacks.
For those emergency moments - long and short term disability, life insurance (2x salary) and an employee assistance program.
Work with driven and enthusiastic colleagues in a fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment, the opportunity to work on problems that matter in a highly collaborative environment.
*Eligible international employees' benefits are specific to their location and dependent on their employer of record

GenapSys does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any GenapSys employee. GenapSys will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees absent a formal agreement.

A diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is an integral part of GenapSys' culture. We actively welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a great place to work. Join us and help us achieve our mission!
