Posted: Jan 16, 2020
Role Number:
200142263
We are looking for data scientists to help explore the limits of bleeding-edge technologies at the heart of products that surprise and delight our customers. Machine learning brings an exciting new set of challenges to how we evaluate, validate and qualify algorithms.

Do you have a curious mind? Are you passionate about quality and analyze data with a skeptical mindset?

Do you love taking apart complex systems?

Shipping a black box with confidence isn’t easy, but if you are intrigued by these questions, you’ll feel right at home here. The goal of our team is to provide insight into the quality of both machine learning models as well as data used for their development, using data science approaches. As a part of the Human Interface Devices organization at Apple, we get to work closely with hardware and tackle many different challenges around sensors and sensing software. You will get to further machine learning research & development by inspecting, interpreting and evaluating the predictions of machine learnings algorithms and their underlying datasets.

In this role you will collaborate with Algorithms, Software, Firmware, Data and Quality Assurance Engineers to deliver state-of-the-art next generation technologies into Apple products.
Key Qualifications
Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Statistics, Data Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science
Comfortable with Python, R, Matlab, and/or other Data Science tools
Experience with highly parallel, distributed, streamed or generally asynchronous data processing environments (Spark, Kafka, BigQuery, Dask, Celery, Hadoop, etc..)
Experience with SQL and NoSQL / Key-value store databases
Experience with analyzing large scale datasets
Confident with basic and advanced statistical methods, e.g. descriptive and inferential statistics, multivariate regression analysis
Quality driven, detail oriented, with excellent communication skills
Description
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES
Analyzing and visualizing algorithm performance in a concise, illustrative, truthful and comprehensive way

Working with large scale datasets and developing tools and frameworks necessary for processing of such data

Developing test frameworks and routines to ensure high quality of data processing and analysis pipelines

Devising performance metrics, test cases and regression conditions for different models

Researching feasibility of new algorithms and features

Processing raw data and building refined datasets

Ensuring the highest quality of the end user product
Education & Experience
PhD or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Statistics or equivalent in relevant industry experience

3+ years relevant industry experience

Experience with visualizing very large data sets and creating performance reports
Experience with data acquisition operations (defining data collection protocols, logistics…)
Apple is a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. And the same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Visit jobs.apple.com (http://jobs.apple.com/) to learn more.
