Looking for a company that inspires passion, courage and imagination, where you can be part of the team shaping the future of global commerce? Want to shape how millions of people buy, sell, connect, and share around the world? If youre interested in joining a purpose-driven community that is dedicated to creating an ambitious and inclusive workplace, join eBay a company you can be proud to be a part of.

As a member of our team, you will be tasked with delivering end-to-end solutions starting from combing petabytes of data to find key insights, evaluating and improving state-of-the-art machine learning solutions, building reliable and high performance production-quality systems, and collaborating with broader team to create compelling experiences that help our buyers and sellers.

We are looking for passion for deploying to production reliable and efficient Machine Learning services at massive scale. You will collaborate with researchers to invent, design and implement end-to-end reliable, scalable, efficient production services in Python, Go, or similar languages (Java, Scala), using state-of-the-art big data and Machine Learning tools.

The ideal candidate will have a blend of science and engineering skills, proven track record of solving critical business problems through data science and strong analytical/quantitative and engineering skills. The candidate will be expected to have strong communication skills and to be capable of cross-group collaborations.

Come and help us blow away the boundaries of e-commerce through AI.

Responsibilities:
Work with data scientists, engineers, and cross functional teams to produce end-to-end production-ready solutions.
Develop solutions for large scale problems in eBay
Provide technical leadership and mentoring to other team members.
Requirements:
MS in Computer Science, (PhD preferred) or equivalent experience.
Experience in NLP, ML and statistical modeling.
Experience with large data sets and related technologies, e.g., Hadoop and Spark. Knowledge of SQL is preferred.
Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms. Strong programming skills in Python or Go (plus in one or more of Java, Scala, etc.).
7+ years of related work experience
Strong analytical skills and data-driven decision making
Experience in solving problems using data science and building practical solutions
Agility to adapt to emerging challenges and execute under ambiguity
Strong communication skills.
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
