By
joining the team that is designing and implementing Kaiser Permanente Bernard
J. Tyson School of Medicine, you will have the opportunity of a lifetime to
create a medical school that will educate physicians for the 21st century and
beyond and be a catalyst for change in medical education. The School of
Medicine team works from an interdependent model of practice and we are looking
for someone who thrives in a highly challenging role within a high functioning
team-based environment.

The
Kaiser Permanente Bernard J. Tyson School of Medicine is devoted first and
foremost to offering an outstanding, forward-thinking medical education.
Its curriculum is built on the three pillars of Biomedical Science, Clinical
Science, and Health Systems Science. Students will think broadly about the ways
care can be more effective for everyone and learn how to advocate for better
health in homes, school, workplaces, neighborhoods, and society at large. The
school will incorporate many of the most innovative and effective educational
practices available today and will give students the opportunity to learn from
the physicians and care teams in Kaiser Permanente-s integrated health care
system. This approach will provide future physicians with the knowledge
and skills to play key roles in the transformation of healthcare in our nation
and help people from all backgrounds and settings thrive. Learn more at
medschool.kp.org
The Kaiser Permanente Bernard J. Tyson School of Medicine, Office of Research and Scholarship (ORS), Research Senior Data Analyst is responsible for making strategic data-related decisions by evaluating complex data processing, management, tracking and analysis as well as dissemination of their work within a research environment. This position reports to the ORS Research Manager for Research Support Services Team.
The Research Senior Data Analyst oversees the staff who facilitate the data analysis and dissemination for the research and scholarly projects for students and faculty consisting of varying complexity in different areas of health-related research. Students and faculty bear primary responsibility for conducting their own research and scholarship and this team provides appropriate guidance and staff support to enable successful work to be undertaken.
Provide quantitative measurement, data analysis and dissemination expertise for ORS. Responsible for implementing established processes, as well as developing and applying innovative techniques for measuring, analyzing, and reporting on healthcare processes, health outcomes, and health costs.

Essential Responsibilities:
In consultation with the Research Manager, initiates, coordinates, and facilitates analytical projects to meet utility care data analyses, faculty and student client needs and achieve programmatic and organizational objectives.
Facilitates effective communication and collaboration with stakeholders: senior leadership, librarian, statisticians, project managers, data analysts. Work may include collaborating on the development of plans for student and faculty study design and analysis; providing guidance or setting priorities for ongoing programming activities; participating in the review of analytic tables/ results and dissemination.
Based on agreements of the ORS Senior Associate Dean and Research Manager, sets overall project direction to address key utility care analyses objectives and client needs. Assists in the prioritization of projects that compete for limited resources, and the scheduling and sequencing of work across projects to make the best use of utility care analyses resources.
Applies project leadership skills, methodological expertise, and knowledge of KP and external data and analytical resources to determine the scope, design, development, and implementation of utility care analyses projects, including partnerships with regional analytical groups and consultation with Health Plan and Medical Group subject area experts.
Advises the ORS Senior Associate Dean and Research Manager on project staffing decisions. Identifies professional development opportunities for ORS data analytics staff based on project requirements.
Manages and coaches ORS Research Support Services Team - data analytical staff to accomplish project objectives and develop staff capabilities.
Establishes and maintains effective working relationships with both internal and external stakeholders. Engages and sustains support among project participants, faculty and students. Represents the ORS Research Support Services Team data analyses to external partners and clients in communications related to projects.
Advises the Research Manager on technical staff hiring decisions. Responsible for data project related training, supervision, coaching and evaluation of utility data care analyses healthcare data analysts.
Applies analytic knowledge, skills and experience to perform project-related work, complete specific project tasks, and create project deliverables.

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
Minimum seven (7) years of experience in an analytical environment required (w/ master's degree), OR
Minimum two (2) years of experience in an analytical environment required (w/doctoral degree)
Education
Master's degree.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A

Additional Requirements:
Disciplinary training in advanced quantitative measurement methods (mathematics or statistics), ideally in the context of a quantitative social science or health services research.
Prior successful experience managing or coordinating professionals in a complex organizational setting.
Proven leadership skills in project management and consulting. Must exhibit efficiency, collaboration, candor, openness, and results orientation.
Demonstrated effectiveness in written and verbal communication of technical material.
Experience with analysis of large administrative databases and computer intensive statistical analysis (preferably using SAS), multivariate statistical methods, general research methodology.
General knowledge or work experience in one or more of the following areas: disease management, survey design, health status measurement, case-mix or health risk adjustment methods, research methods, actuarial methods, cost- benefits or cost-effectiveness analysis.
Demonstrated ability to effectively design, develop, manage, and coordinate analytical efforts among multiple constituents.
Excellent project management skills, including setting priorities and developing work plans assembling project teams, structuring and executing quantitative analyses, overseeing support staff, and meeting deadlines.
Skills in analytical methods including problem and model formulation, algorithm selection, and development of overall solution strategy.
Creativity, critical thinking, and excellent problem-solving skills.
Outstanding written and verbal communication and effective interpersonal skills.
Demonstrated ability to effectively work directly with senior leadership and to bring high-priority projects to successful results.

Preferred Qualifications:
Minimum seven (7) years of experience in an analytical environment in health care, educational or research preferred.
Knowledge of healthcare industry, especially healthcare analytics preferred.
Familiarity with Kaiser Permanente healthcare system preferred.
Doctoral degree.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
