Location: San Jose (CA)
Location: Pittsburgh (PA)
Location: Phoenix (AZ)

Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mention we've been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.

The Trust & Safety and Law Enforcement (TSLE) teams are committed to bringing happiness to customers while creating and culture of trust, safety, and respect. Zoom does so by taking the privacy and security of its customers and their data extremely seriously and maintaining a steadfast commitment to promoting the free and open exchange of ideas. Zoom must also meet its obligations under the laws of the countries in which we operate, and law enforcement agencies play a critical role in keeping our society safe. The TSLE team challenge includes the careful balancing of the privacy of Zoom customers and users against the important security interests of our world.

Your job will be to help meet the team challenge through using your skills to help develop threat models, data analytics, and machine learning. We are seeking a data scientist with a drive to turn the huge amounts of data generated by Zoom applications into insights that are designed to meet the TSLE team challenge. A successful candidate will be self-motivated, and proactively take initiative to research and design and build novel and effective ways to tell stories with data. In addition to being a member of the TSLE team, you will work across the legal team, product teams, and data engineers, all of whom are motivated to create effective solutions designed to measure, monitor and mitigate TSLE issues across Zoom's services.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Working knowledge of big data tools preferred (SQL, Spark, and Splunk)
Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
Confidence working independently and making key decisions on projects
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms, and anomaly detection
Collaborate with and influence leadership so that your team's work directly impacts company strategy and direction.
Develop new techniques and data that will enable answering previously unanswerable and new questions.
Work with engineering to implement detection and mitigation at scale, as well as tools to assist the TSLE team in investigations
Ability to communicate findings to executives and cross-functional product teams.
REQUIREMENTS
You have 3 plus years of industry or graduate level research experience working on platform manipulation, or relevant security issues.
Experience designing a data science road-map and executing the vision behind it.
You are a self-starter who is capable of learning on the job, takes initiative, and can thrive within a large team. You are intellectually curious and willing to develop new approaches when there are no precedents.
