The Opportunity:


Livongo is the leading applied health signals company, partnering with over 800 clients to serve more than 250,000 members. The Data Science team at Livongo works closely with product managers, clinicians and engineers to improve the health of people living with chronic health conditions using advanced modeling and machine learning.

This role is focused on better understanding our members and helping them improve their health outcomes across our supported chronic conditions. Projects will range from causal analysis of observational studies to advanced ML models to predict the dynamics of physiological time series like blood glucose, blood pressure, body weight and behavioral health.

Responsibilities:
Quantify the impact of Livongo products on member health and identify areas to improve outcomes.
Develop insights and models that enable the whole company to understand our members and drive better product decisions.
Use advanced machine learning approaches to enhance Livongo product/program and improve member experiences and clinical outcomes. This includes formulating business and product needs as machine learning problems; use technical rigor to identify the techniques and algorithms to pragmatically solve problems related to Applied Health Signals, member insights, and behavioral recommendations. The domains include modeling clinical outcomes/metrics, clinical risks, NLP, behavior change.
Use Python, Tensorflow, PyTorch, and Keras to conduct both exploratory analyses and production modeling using both traditional and deep-learning techniques. This includes feature engineering, unsupervised learning, supervised learning, reinforcement learning.
Explore and identify new types of signals and models to better understand our members using data from diverse sources, including hardware and mobile sensor data, audio and text data, image data, and clinical and pharmacy data.
Interpret the results of your work for clinical, product and business decision-makers.
Partner closely with clinical leadership, product management and engineering to improve member clinical outcomes using insights and models.
Candidate Profile

What you bring:


3-10 years' experience in Data Science, Machine Learning or a related field in SaaS or consumer companies
Demonstrable depth of expertise in Python, Tensorflow, Spark, and SQL.
A Master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems, Engineering or a related field. PhD preferred.
An ability to use statistics and machine learning to distill complex problems into clear solutions that leads to better decision making across the company as well as better product.
Creativity and good judgement for framing problems with statistics and machine learning.
Experience with a broad range of ML algorithms: supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement learning; deep learning and Natural Language Processing; have a good judgement and reasoning capability to choose the appropriate one to generate the hypothesis, conduct experimentation and further address business/product needs.
Expertise with applications in healthcare, causal inference, or time-series analysis is a plus.
Experience designing and building useful, maintainable code for model training, evaluation, and interpretation.
A pragmatic ability to balance prototyping with incremental cleanup and refactoring along the way.
Who you are:


Self-driven and intellectually curious, with a proven track record using statistics and machine learning to solve challenging problems.
A strong team player willing to learn new platforms and tools, keep updated with advanced ML research/publications, and to help other team members adopt those tools and similar spirit.
A combined research and engineering mindset to pursue creative ML solutions for product and member experience improvement.
An active listener who can "read between the lines" to infer product needs and underlying context.
An open and kind individual seeking to be part of a high-performing, caring team.
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.
