About Us

We're Blue River, a team of innovators driven to radically change agriculture by creating intelligent machinery. We empower our customers – farmers - to implement more sustainable solutions: optimize chemical usage, reimagining routine processes, and improving farming yields year after year. We believe that focusing on the small stuff – pixel-by-pixel and plant-by-plant - leads to big gains. By partnering with John Deere, we are innovating computer vision, machine learning, robotics and product management to solve monumental challenges for our customers.

Our people are at the heart of what we do. Through cross-discipline collaboration, this mission-driven and daring team is eager to define the new frontier of agricultural robotics. We are always asking hard questions, rapidly iterating, and getting our boots in the field to figure it out. We won't give up until we've made a tangible and positive impact on agriculture.

We are based in Sunnyvale, CA - but we are not contained to an office or our lab - the farm and field are also our playground. We are proud of our deeply collaborative culture at Blue River. We are a people-first company, and everyone here makes a tangible difference. We are passionate about what we're creating and can promise you, if you join, that your voice and contributions will matter. Are you ready to embark on the greatest adventure of your career?

Position Description:

We are seeking a highly skilled Machine Learning Scientist to join our world-class research and engineering team. In this senior level role, you'll focus on bringing the state of the art Machine Learning technology to many different platforms across the company by building state of the art prototypes, consulting on best practices and mentoring fellow team members.

Our ideal candidate for this exciting position will be fluent on the latest and greatest technologies and be able to generate practical plans teams want to follow facilitating the adoption Machine Learning technologies. Your insight on the strategic implementation of these Machine Learning capabilities will be imperative as these outcomes will be very impactful for our company.

Role Responsibilities:

Partner with teams across the Blue River and John Deere organizations on 1-6 months projects building prototypes that incorporate Machine Learning technologies. You'll be an evangelist for Machine Learning capability from coding prototypes to generating executive strategy to distributing educational materials.
Execution:
Responsible for prototyping advanced Machine Learning methods
Rapidly explore many different methods to weigh pros and cons
Identify the best tools for the task and apply those techniques
Implement new methods and advance the state of the art
Digest papers, conference proceedings, books, classes for new methods
Create plans and schedules, track progress and provide educational material and frameworks to fellow engineers and product managers
Coordination:
Work closely with Engineering/Product Managers to develop paths for meaningful research direction
Excellent brainstorming, creative thinking, mathematical analysis, and communication skills
Desire to teach others
Required Professional Skills & Experience:
Masters Degree in Computer Science or other technical field of study
2-3 years of post academic experience in a Machine Learning role
Advanced hands on coding skills with Python
Advanced experience with Machine Learning applications and neural networks; expert level familiarity with TensorFlow and differentiable programming
Advanced experience with Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Natural Language Processing and Math; experience with Classical Controls a huge plus
Clear big systems thinking; able to understand and articulate complex technologies / products to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Up to date on current research papers and industry trends in the field of Machine Learning
Experience with Hardware strongly preferred
Blue River offers competitive compensation and benefits, including a great 401(K) match. We believe in a work life balance and offer generous Paid Time Off and Sick Leave as well as Paid Parental Leave and an adoption benefit. Subsidized lunches, flexible work hours, CalTrain passes (with mobile Wi-Fi!) and a collaborative and supportive environment also contribute to making Blue River a great place to work.

We are committed to building a diverse team and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds.
