Applied Materials is the leader in materials engineering solutions to produce
virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. Our expertise in
modifying materials at atomic levels and on industrial scale enables customers
to transform possibilities into reality. Our innovations make possible the
technology shaping the future.
The Applied Materials HR Reporting and Analytics team (HR&A) is seek
an individual with strong business acumen and analytical skills to act as an
internal consultant on key workforce issues. The HR Reporting and Analytics
Team s mission is to provide insights that help optimize business usi
evidence-based decision-making. In this role, you will support evidence-
based decision making on Human Capital, design, develop and implement data-
based solutions that have a direct and measurable impact.

As a People Analytics Data Scientist, you will work with HR and the business in
achieving business results by using talent data to inform and improve decision-
making. This position will utilize data analysis methodologies, tools and
approaches to provide insights. This individual will be responsible for
translating business objectives and challenges into analytics priorities,
communicating the analytics findings to influence and inform business decisions
and solve high-value problems.

The individual must be highly data driven, technically proficient, creative,
detail-oriented, intellectually curious and an effective communicator. This
role requires a significant understanding of data mining and analytical
techniques.

Key_Responsibilities
Partner closely with Senior Leadership, HR Business Partners, HR
colleagues in other functional areas and fellow HR&A team members to
identify key workforce issues impacting the business.
Use consulting skills to determine and articulate internal customer
business questions, develop the best approach for data analysis and turn
data into actionable insights & recommendations.
Participates in HR analytics projects to investigate potential measures,
correlations and causality connections for critical business issues
Merge structured, semi-structured and unstructured data from several
systems to highlight company trends related to recruiting, developing,
engaging and retaining talent
Develop hypotheses, document assumptions, and analyze results as they
relate to key business initiatives.
Explore and analyze the data creatively to identify HR analytics
solutions that adds value in the strategic decision-making process.
Perform complex data analysis and generate insight to support the HR
workforce analytics needs of the business, to drive more informed
business decisions
Use sophisticated data analytics techniques such as regression analysis,
factor analysis, t-tests, decision trees, ANOVA and forecasting methods
in application to business problems.
Prediction and trend analysis to anticipate the changes in the business,
and to enable better decision making.
Develop workforce planning frameworks, models and insights to support the
business in making data-driven decisions on complex business problems
Effectively communicate statistical analyses, results, and implications
to technical and non-technical audiences
Deliver high quality analysis, reports, presentations using simple and
effective visualizations that can be scaled for consumption by a larger
audience.
Stay current on industry trends and best practices regarding human
capital/workforce analytics.
Create and maintain monthly and quarterly workforce metrics and analysis.
Develop processes to streamline the compilation of periodic reporting/
analysis

Requirements
Master s degree in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Data
Science, Finance, Engineering, Computer Science, Management Science or
Econometrics.
3+ years experience in a quantitative or analytics role
Experience with Data Analytics using R/Python, statistical packages and
libraries, SQL, visualization tools like Tableau, Business Intelligence
(BI) tools, Hive, Excel.
Experience with data mining techniques and algorithms
Experience manipulating large data sets through statistical software or
other methods
Ability to create ad-hoc queries, join data from multiple sources to
perform complex analysis
Demonstrated ability to analyze complex issues, form hypotheses, analyze
to predict outcomes, determine solutions and recommendations.
Works effectively in an unstructured environment requiring new
perspectives and creative approaches
Stellar communication skills, critical thinking, and high attention to
detail
Strong consultative skills and the ability to build relationships with HR
and cross-functional partners
Ability to learn quickly and work within tight deadlines; self-starter;
must take personal initiative and will assume responsibility and
ownership
Basic financial knowledge (ROI, basic understanding of financial
statements), business acumen.
Proven ability to manage multiple projects and priorities in a dynamic
environment
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
Ability to innovate through data and analytics to provide new insight to
the business

Preferred_Qualifications
Experience with HRIS systems like Workday
Experience in HR workforce analytics and HR data and metrics
Strong project management skills
#LI
QualificationsEducation:Master's Degree (Required)SkillsCertifications:
Languages:Years of Experience:7 - 10 YearsWork Experience:Additional
InformationTravel:Yes, 10% of the TimeRelocation Eligible:No
Applied Materials is committed to diversity in its workforce including Equal
Employment Opportunity for Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and
Individuals with Disabilities.
Show moreShow less
