We are EAthe worlds largest video game publisher. Youre probably familiar with many of our titlesMadden, FIFA, The Sims, Need for Speed, Dead Space, Battlefield and Star Wars, to name a few. But maybe you dont know how were committed to creating games for every platformfrom social to mobile to consoleto give our consumers that anytime, anywhere access they demand. What does that mean for you? It means more opportunities to unleash your creative genius, be inspired by those around you and ignite your path in any direction you choose.

The Challenge Ahead:

The EADP Data Group develops a new unified Big Data pipeline across all franchises at Electronic Arts. This platform will incorporate data collection, ingestion, processing, access and visualization all built on a modern, cloud-based tech stack with best-in-class tools. The Data Group will provide the tools and platform which powers the future of game development, marketing, sales, accounting and customer experience.

We are looking for developers who are interested in working on a large scale distributed data system from the ground up for one of the most creative, innovative companies in technology.

What an AI Scientist does at EA
Develop state-of-the-art algorithms and extract key insights from EAs rich store of data to empower intelligent agents within the EA ecosystem
Create scalable solutions for problems in the gaming domain
Design, develop and evaluate highly creative AI applications for content creation, NPC behavior, game balance evaluation, and recommendations
Work closely with the core development teams to deploy AI applications seamlessly as part of production systems
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for enterprise-level management of AI applications
Research and implement novel AI approaches for new business problems.
The next great EA AI Scientist should have
Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science, or related fields (focus in AI or ML a plus)
Track record of having developed novel AI algorithms, and major journal and conference publications
Strong problem-solving ability
Strong programming skills (object-oriented and functional paradigms)
Experience with large-scale data and distributed systems Experience with Apache Hadoop, Spark, and Tensorflow a plus
1+ years of experience with SQL and MPP databases
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefits packages, tuition reimbursement, and 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes outstanding people to make excellent games, we offer great compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.
