eBay is a global commerce leader that allows you to shape how the world buys, sells, and gives. Youll be part of a work culture thats been genuinely committed to diversity and inclusion since its founding more than 24 years ago. Here, you can just be yourself, do your best work, and have a meaningful impact on people across the globe. We are looking for people with drive, ideas, and a passion for helping small businesses succeed to help shape the future of eBaydoes this sound like you? If so, wed love to talk to you!

As a valued member of the team at eBay that develops outstanding behavior analytics products as well as generate insights through data science, you will make important contributions. You will design and build our behavioral data insights platform, deliver analytics product, combine qualitative and quantitative data to convince people with your actionable insights, and thus improve the user experience.

This role sits within the Data- and Tech- organization and works directly with partner analysts, data scientists, and engineers. We're looking for a highly skilled engineer, who is passionate about building and scaling a data platform for analytical and product uses cases.

People in the team are friendly, highly motivated, and very forward-thinking. Our team tries to maintain a work climate of integrity, innovation, career growth, and fun. We provide you with the best opportunity to work in a challenging, highly visible environment.

Key Responsibilities include:
Be a part of setting up a new generation of data framework involving real time, batch and micro-batch
Implement proof-of-concept prototypes for data governing, collection, analysis, and presentation.
Enable data-driven decision-making by collecting, transforming and visualizing data
Technical owner for new and existing product initiatives, assist with definition of product direction
Analyze data to gain insights to support business users optimize business process
Work with product managers and business analysts to build new analysis tools and metrics for measuring product performance
Estimate engineering effort, plan execution cycles, and roll out system changes.
Qualifications:
MS in Computer Science or a related technical discipline (or equivalent)
5+ years work experience in software development area
Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms;
Extensive programming experience in Java/Scala/Python
Excellent problem solving skills
Experience of Spark, Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Kafka, Storm, etc is preferred
Working experience of ETL and data visualization is plus
Proven results oriented person with a delivery focus in a high velocity, high quality environment
Benefits:

Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether youre single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.

Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBays Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
