About Enjoy

Enjoy is the next generation of retail. We pride ourselves on delivering a new kind of buying experience where our friendly Experts bring the best of the store directly to the door, along with personalized solutions, so you get the most out of your tech. We offer same-day delivery, setup and help for today's premiere mobile devices; pairing the convenience you'd get from shopping online with the confidence you'd get from a store, all in the comfort of your own home.

Enjoy is a fast-growing startup, currently operating in 50+ US locations and the U.K., with more expansion on the horizon. We're a mission-driven organization focused on bringing joy to people's lives while creating great jobs for a digital world. This requires a spirit of winning together and a strong growth mindset. We value people who choose kindness and are obsessed with delivering amazing experiences.

Enjoy is founded and led by Ron Johnson, former head of Apple Retail, along with an executive team from leading retail, technology, and design organizations, including: Apple, Facebook, Starbucks, Tesla, and Amazon.

About the role

As an Enjoy Data Analyst, you'll provide deeper analysis and valuable insights to unlock opportunities and drive informed business decisions. Evolve the data platform with user-friendly tools, solutions and dashboards so that relevant information can be efficiently gathered and easily interpreted by business teams. In addition to having a strong data analytics background, an ideal candidate for this role should have experience coordinating with a cross-functional business team, external partner teams, and ability to inspire confidence in data-driven decision making.

Responsibilities
Own data insights roadmap and deliverables working with business partners.
Partner and align with leadership team, product managers, engineering teams, to set priorities based on business priorities, deeper analysis and outcomes
Build trusted relationships with internal business teams and with external partner teams.
Effectively use data to tell stories, communicate key insights through internal reports, presentations and dashboards to drive business decisions
Lead business reviews meetings with leadership teams and external partners.
Evaluate and quantify the effect of experimentations and various tests through data analysis and statistical methods, and makes data-driven recommendations
Share weekly business performance with business
Assist business and product teams to define, track and optimize processes, tools, and dashboards for better planning and management of the business
Goes above and beyond a specific problem to finding all possible explanations
Collaborate with onshore and offshore data team members to build and implement data solutions, help drive strategic business decisions leveraging insights, and iterate to drive bias to action and also create consistency in analysis and reporting.
Requirements
At least 5 years of being a data analyst
BS or MS in Engineering, Math, Statistics, Analytics, or Finance
Experience leading a team of data engineers/analysts
Hands-on expertise with SQL, python and any other programming language
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc)
Experience working with data-warehouse, business intelligence technologies, and databases
Experience with running A/B tests and familiar with experimentation platforms
Experience working in a fast paced environment as a data analyst or data scientist.
Excellent quantitative skills and a deep understanding of statistical methods, and an ability to inspire confidence in data-driven decision making
Exhibit general curiosity to go deeper to understand business problems and surface interesting facts
Understanding of eCommerce and Retail will be a big plus
Open to doing limited travel
