Posted: May 23, 2020
Role Number:
200161676
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish.
Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? Do you want to be a part of redefining how people use their computing devices to search and access information? Are you excited by early stage initiatives with potential for huge impact?
The Siri Search & Knowledge teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup.
Join a new team in Apple AI/ML that is investigating novel visual capabilities of Siri across all Apple products that will transform the way people engage with the world around them! We’re looking for strong engineers to work on cutting-edge technology, collaborate with experts across Apple, and deliver new end-to-end experiences that delight customers.
Key Qualifications
Professional experience in machine learning or computer vision applications
Excellent knowledge and good practical skills in major machine learning algorithms
Proven track record of developing and productionalizing high-quality computer vision algorithms
Strong interpersonal skills able to work independently as well as in a team
Excellent software design problem solving and debugging skillsFluency in Python and another language (C/C++, Go, Rust)
Experience with relevant deep learning software packages (Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch…)
Description
We design and build infrastructures to support features that empowers billions of Siri users. Our team processes trillions of links to find the best content to surface to users through search. We also analyze pages to extract critical features for indexing, ranking. We apply statistical analysis to improve link selection, freshness, retrieval rates, extraction quality, and many others. You’ll have the opportunity to work with large scale systems with trillions of rows and many petabytes of data and incredible complexity.
Education & Experience
MS, Ph.D. in a related field , or equivalent experience
