Company Background

We are an early stage start-up developing technology and data intelligence

underlying radically more efficient logistics businesses. Serving the $730bn US motor

freight market, Haulistix has been developed with the ambition to create a hyper growth

business. The company leverages the latest operations research, data and machine

intelligence at scale to have a real-life impact on the operational and financial

performance of hundreds of thousands of small and medium-sized trucking companies.

To achieve this, we pay equal attention to developing cutting-edge technology,

understanding real-life user behavior and creating innovative business models

Using machine intelligence, we arrange single truck loads from across the freight

market into highly profitable freight trips and sell them to small and medium-sized

trucking companies.

By doing this, we digitize the cognitively most challenging aspects of a motor

carriers' dispatch function and attack their tremendous inefficiency at one of its

root causes.

Unlike with simple load bookings directly through brokers or expensive software

solutions, we offer carriers and brokers access to cutting-edge technology whilst

materially improving their profitability one business transaction at a time.

Role

We are currently hiring Data Scientists and Data Engineers to become part of the

first ten employees of our company and core members of our early-stage team. Working

directly with the founders, the data scientists/engineers will be interfacing cross-

functionally with our technology development team, relevant academic advisers, our in-

house operations team as well as external contractors and select clients. Key focus of

our early-stage work will be on expanding the current algorithms to become a full-fledged

model architecture, core to the functioning of our business, including but not limited to

demand prediction, data-driven route optimization, pricing and revenue management

modeling, etc.

Responsibility

Building demand prediction models for future shipping orders (in terms of both

the volume and the price)

Integrating the demand prediction model with our current route optimization

model for truck drivers trip planning

Building real-time and stochastic models for the events of traffic delay,

warehouse loading delay, accidents, etc.

Working closely with our scientific advisors in developing state-of-the-art models

for routing planning, revenue management, and robust sequential decision

making.

Skills

Critical Skills

Currently has obtained, or is in the process of obtaining Masters or Ph.D. degree

in highly quantitative field (CS, mathematics, statistics, operations research) or

equivalent experience

Experience applying various machine learning techniques on large-scale

datasets in Python or R

Experience in data visualization and exploratory data analysis

Experience building optimization models and designing dynamic programming

algorithms for real-world problems

Development experience in at least one scripting language, Python, Perl, or R

Thrive in the environment of a start-up, have a bias for action and be a thoughtful

and highly dedicated contributor and collaborator,

Have superior communication skills.

Preferred Skills:

Experience in web crawling and scrapping that ensure data integrity and create

data pipelines

Experience in route optimization and revenue management

Understanding of the mathematical underpinnings of the learning and

optimization models and algorithms, such as algorithms for convex, linear,

integer programs and Markov Decision Processes/Reinforcement Learning.

Strong programming skills in Java / Javascript

Employment Type

Full-time.

We sponsor H1B visa for qualified candidates.

Haulistix Inc is an equal employment opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity. We
do not discriminate against employees or job applicants on the basis of race, culture,
color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression,
pregnancy, age, religion, marital status, height, weight, familial status, disability, military
service, genetic information, or any other category protected by federal, state or local law.

Powered by JazzHR
