Do you look for patterns, love investigating the root cause, and thrive in a fast-paced environment?

We are now looking for a Senior HR Data Analyst. In this role, you will partner with leaders in HR to influence business decisions by turning data into meaningful insights. As an HR Analytics team, we build, standardize, and automate reports. We create visualizations with easy to interpret analytics and uncover the key drivers in the data. We promote data integrity, and educate end users to drive self-service adoption.

What you’ll be doing:
Translate data and trends into stories to drive business decisions
Create visualizations from which leaders can easily draw insights and recommendations
Build and automate easy to use, self-service reports and dashboards
Provide direction and coaching to end users on how to use and interpret metrics
Deliver standard reports/dashboards on a regular cadence
Audit data integrity, investigate concerns, and establish processes to streamline and improve data quality
Partner cross functionally with IT to help design and build out HR analytics data warehouse
What we need to see:
Bachelor's degree in a field where you have analyzed and displayed data (i.e. computer science, math, engineering, economics, statistics, psychology) or equivalent work experience
8 years of experience performing quantitative/statistical analysis and displaying the results as meaningful insights
Experience creating custom reports/dashboards in Workday HCM/Recruiting and building visualizations in Tableau
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Strong initiative, curiosity, and comfort with uncertainty
Excellent presentation and communication skills, including the ability to explain technical subject matter to a non-technical audience
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment and agility to alternate between strategic projects and tactical reporting/analysis requests
Ways to stand out from the crowd:
Expertise in analyzing large data sets with R or Python
Experience with machine learning or text mining
With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers.

NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
