Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name
DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith
DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH
NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell
Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

The Global Data Science AI Research team in PayPal is looking for AI researchers to conduct machine learning research for many interesting data science problems in Fintech. As an AI research scientist, you will have a great opportunity to explore and apply state of the art AI /ML techniques (such as Adversarial learning, Reinforcement learning, Graph convolutional networks etc) to real world business problems and create value and impact. You will have access to huge amount of internal data to train and build innovative models on. You will also get a chance to get see and be a part of how machine learning and AI solutions are built and deployed in production at scale in PayPal products encompassing domains such as fraud detection, customer service, marketing and sales.

Job Description:

Job Responsibilities:
Research and experiment with state-of-the-art machine learning / AI algorithms to solve critical business problems in the areas of risk, fraud or natural language understanding or processing
Collaborate with other research scientists and engineers to formulate innovative solutions to implement advanced AI techniques and take them to production
Document research findings and communicate them to business leaders
Publish and present research work findings in various internal and external forums
Job Requirements:
Expertise in various machine learning algorithms and tools such as Tensorflow, Keras and Pytorch
Expertise in coding in at least one major programming language such as Python (or C++ or Java)
Understanding of big data infrastructure technologies (like MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark) and familiarity with SQL
Creative and entrepreneurial mindset. Passionate about AI
Ability to work independently and proficiently. Accountable for own results
Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills on a broad set of technical topics
Education:
Masters (required) / PhD (preferred) Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Operations Research, Mathematics, Physics, or equivalent preferably with a focus in machine learning / AI.
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
