Roche Diagnostics has built a new strategic area – Diagnostics Information Solutions (DIS) - charged with creating a modern portfolio of decision support software products that change the way patients are cared for. Our challenge is to bring together complex diagnostic and treatment data from medical devices and IT systems within a hospital and intelligently process and present this data to clinicians, researchers, and caregivers to improve research outcomes and patient care.

As a Senior Principal Data Scientist within the Data Science & Services (DSS) team at DIS, you are responsible for conceptualizing, planning and executing advanced analytics projects to discover key insights improving NAVIFY product portfolio leading to better and more efficient patient care. In close cooperation with other more Scientists you will design and execute advanced analytics projects building on a wide range of commercial and research datasets containing deep medical information.

As a Senior Principal Data Scientist, you will also ensure that design, execution, and presentation of analytical results are adhering to industry standards and potentially improve and redefine current industry standards. You will rely on your oncology expertise, advanced analytical skills, and your ability to interact with cross-functional experts such as biostatisticians, clinical scientists and oncologists, to discover novel insights demonstrating impact of various treatment decisions, and uncover key elements leading to best outcomes for patients. In addition, you will maintain and expand knowledge of available healthcare data sources and applicable state-of-the- art analytical methodologies, large scale data processing and visualization, and languages and tools (R, Python, (no-)SQL, Hadoop, Spark, etc.).

Responsibilities Include:
Drive data science and analytical software development teams; develop solutions to support insight generation facilitating successful development, verification and commercialization of diagnostics services and products.
Contribute to broad product support initiatives, lead and deliver on complex projects, and interact with external partners without supervision.
Maintain and expand knowledge and access to available and meaningful data sources within/outside Roche, and their application to NAVIFY customer needs.
Perform high quality, timely and accurate analyses using most relevant state-of-the-art methodologies, tools and resources.
Committed to offering innovation, finding opportunities to enhance ways of working (including processes, methods, technology etc.) and sharing new techniques and lessons learned pro-actively with peers.
Use and continue to foster strong working relationships with global colleagues and customers and builds a strong network in order to jointly explore vendor relationships, data assets, analytical methodologies and toolsets.
Build and maintain partnerships with other data scientists and analysts, biostatistics, medical and business leaders, and other key functional experts.
Responsible for planning and timely delivery of assigned projects.
Drive creation of best practices to other team members. Proactively share learnings/experience with colleagues both internal and external to the function.
Act as a positive role model for peers and help coach colleagues to improve in their role with both technical and interpersonal skills.
Influence as thought leader in your industry and an influential subject matter expert to your team members and the businesses you support.
Leverage strategic organizational awareness and systems mindset to implement sustainable, science based practices.
Who you are:
Data savvy creative thinker, problem solver and mentor.
Reliable team player, strong collaborator with ability to influence and a thought partner/leader. Organizationally savvy, systems thinker.
Excellent communication skills, effective stakeholder management ability. Life learner, constructive at giving and receiving feedback.
Strong solution finding, resiliency and a sense of ownership; Effective prioritization skills, attention to detail and accuracy; Adaptable, embraces and endorses change.
Minimum Skills and Experience:
Master’s degree (PhD strongly preferred) in a Data Science or related field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, etc.) required plus 16 years of experience; or PhD and 12 years of experience.
Graduate training or experience in biological/medical field is highly preferred.
Strong background in Oncology, either by education or professional experience.
Strong Programming experience with R, Python, and/or other quantitative software.
Strong experience in applying statistical modeling, machine learning, exploratory, and confirmatory data analysis in mid to large volume biomedical data sets.
Experience using big data platforms such as Hadoop (Spark is a plus).
In-depth knowledge of relational database principles and corresponding query language skills (e.g. SQL) is of interest.
Familiarity with regulatory framework and guidelines for pharma/diagnostics products is a plus.
Good knowledge of English in a business environment.
Excellent communication skills with an ability to negotiate successfully; strong influencing skills; self-contained and outgoing approach.
Strong solution finding, prioritization and attention to details skills while embracing/endorsing change.
Roche is an equal opportunity employer.

Research & Development, Research & Development > Modelling & Simulation
