Company Description

null
Job Description

Role: Data Analyst

Location: Mountain View, CA

Duration: 3+ Months

Responsibilities:
Ability to analyze and translate data and research findings into risk and business opportunities/ requirements at the level of detail required to solve specific problems
Test into and recommend 3rd party data providers to solve individual/business credit risk, device risk and other types of exposure risk (c/b, ACH return) etc.
Deliver ideas and insights as you collaborate with partner teams that enable specialists to operate efficiently, and provide good user experiences for Intuit’s merchants.
Develop experiments with our policies or tools to challenge the payments industry status quo as we help enable innovative businesses to flourish online.
Ability to perform quantitative analysis that supports business trade off decisions and create policies to identify risk in payments and payroll.
Build subject matter expertise in credit risk and 3rd party tools to solve for different types of risk in the Intuit ecosystem.
Effectively able to collaborate with product and technology teams to identify risk solutions.
Develop recommendations to optimize the link between the analysis performed by the Strategic Risk team and the work performed by the Risk Operations team.
In addition, the candidate should bring a high level of enthusiasm to the projects and the ability to organize and motivate large groups. This includes taking initiative, ownership and responsibility for a project.
Must be a smart, organized analytical thinker, with the ability to perform or direct a detailed, fully considered analysis.
Must have good judgement with the ability to think creatively and strategically.
Skills:
Strong business acumen with a minimum of 5 years work experience in related field/position
Bachelor degree in Business, Math, Statistics, Finance, Economics, or a related field. MBA or graduate degree in a related field a plus
Working knowledge of the fundamentals of payment processing and an understanding of industry fraud and risk trends, including familiarity with scorecard development.
Preferably has experience with payments, risk, or trust & safety
Is curious and eager to build expertise: if something seems off, you want to figure out what is going on, and you naturally absorb and retain information down to the smallest details.
Is decisive, yet open to learning: you will make many critical choices every day, and you will be wrong some of the time.
Believes in knowing and using the numbers behind a problem, and preferably has familiarity with the basics of statistical analysis and experience with quantitative tools such as Excel, SQL, Python, R, Stata, or data visualization tools.
Must be a smart, organized analytical thinker, with the ability to perform or direct a detailed, fully considered analysis.
Passion for analyzing data and an insatiable curiosity to understand complex business issues and proactively solve interesting problems that enhance the business.
Ambitious and results-driven mindset … measures success by outcomes.
Able to thrive in a fast-paced environment and be responsive and available during times of peak fraud activity.
Able to present complex analysis clearly and concisely.
Skills set requirements include analytical, financial, strategic planning, leadership, project management and execution, communication with diverse audiences and stakeholders, (written, verbal, and oral), media training a plus.
Strong organization and time management skills and the ability to manage multiple projects and priorities.
Ability to analyze and translate data and research findings into risk and business opportunities at the level of detail required to solve specific problems
Must be able to translate analysis results to recommend rule creation and implementation.
Please send the resume to tansib@infotreeglobal.com
