Posted: May 23, 2019
Role Number:
200063205
Join the team that provides software security technologies to help users protect their accounts. We believe in transforming your smartphone into a device that secures your digital life without sacrificing your privacy.
We are seeking a data scientist that will develop solutions to bring order to unstructured data using modeling techniques. A successful candidate will have a bent for applied research with expertise in pattern mining, anomaly detection, predictive modeling, classification and optimization. The candidate will take end-to-end responsibility for translating customer needs into analytical solutions from feature engineering, implementation, model training and reporting. The role requires working in a fast paced environment, handling multiple assignments and being self driven. Candidates also need to show initiative and be able to take ownership of a problem area.
Key Qualifications
Strong working knowledge of data mining algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms and anomaly detection techniques
Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles and SQL
Familiarity with Big Data tools like Spark, Hive etc.
Strong programming skills in Java, Python, Scala or similar language
Passion for problem-solving and analysis
Highly motivated and organized, with the ability to accept ambiguity and deliver exceptional results on tight schedules
Understanding of privacy-preserving techniques is a plus
Description
Apple is looking for a data scientist to work on our software security technologies to develop and launch new products. You will work hand-in-hand with security engineers, software engineers, program managers and business partners to understand problems, define data-driven solutions, execute plans and communicate results on a regular basis.
Education & Experience
MS or PhD in quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics, or equivalent industry experience
