Alteryx is revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company? At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We’re on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can’t do it without people like you, leading the way. Forget the stereotypical tech companies of the past. Embrace the unconventional, exercise your imagination and help alter the future with Alteryx!

Here at Alteryx the Product Insights team supports our Product Management and Engineering organizations to take a data-based approach to decision making. As part of this team you will help to improve the Alteryx Platform by synthesizing product usage data to identify opportunities large and small and be a subject matter expert for usage questions. This role will be exposed to a unique blend of software engineering teams, product management teams, UX research teams, data scientists, data engineers and data analytics teams and will be called upon to present to leadership. We believe there is plenty of room for creativity in analytics and are looking for a motivated individual to curate metrics and dashboards that are referenced often. Consider yourself an internal consultant with new projects and questions to work on every week! This role will have support from experienced analytics professionals as mentors to further develop skills.

Responsibilities:
Understand the use cases for Alteryx products and apply critical thinking to support Product Managers in feature measurement and identifying user behavior patterns
Understand our data warehousing model, develop expertise with key internal data sources and, at times, teach others where to find relevant data
Work cross-functionally within the organization to serve multiple stakeholders, prioritize high value projects and serve requests consistently
Maintain and update organized catalog of analytical outputs and work with data engineering teams to promote data quality
Find opportunities to automate and streamline analytics pipelines to get to actionable insights faster
Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree, preferably in a quantitative field (Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, Physics, Data Science, Marketing Analytics, Business Analytics)
3+ years relevant professional experience as a data analyst or similar
Experience with Alteryx products including Alteryx Designer
Working knowledge of SQL statements and database query best practices
Knowledge of data visualization tools (Tableau, Qlik, etc.) to translate analytics to consumable outputs
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with some experience presenting technical concepts to all levels of an organization
Ability to think on your feet and problem solve
Ability to work in a fast-paced culture, managing multiple deliverables on a project basis
Preferred: 3+ years Software industry experience
Preferred: Alteryx Designer Core Certified
Preferred: Any experience with XML and JSON file formats
Perks:
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Health plans that cover your family and pets
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-MH1
