Do you want to help build a company that strengthens public health, improves the safety of our food and water, fosters research, education, and environmental protection, while making small businesses like craft breweries more successful? If so, we want you on our team.

Chai brings biotechnology into the real world, allowing anyone to perform molecular diagnostics, anywhere. Our solutions are as accurate as a lab test, easy enough for anyone to use, and provide on-site results in an hour.

We're looking to hire a Production Scientist to transfer reagents and test kits from R&D into production, manufacture and QC the products, and drive continuous process/quality improvements and cost reductions.
What you'll be doing
Drive the transfer of new products into manufacturing, including developing QC assays, production processes, and manufacturing documentation. Procure and set up equipment for scale-up when necessary.
Develop schedules and plan production batches to ensure on-time delivery of products.
You'll independently manufacture and supervise technicians to manufacture and package products.
You'll be performing stringent quality control assays, troubleshoot customer complaints and non-conformances, and drive process improvements to increase quality and reduce costs.
You'll design experiments to problem-solve and improve existing manufacturing protocols and QC methods, and summarize technical data into concise reports that includes recommendations.
Track and maintain stocked inventory, enter work orders, BOMs, and documents into our ERP and PLM systems.
You'll manage supply chain, inventory levels, and purchasing via ERP for biological reagents.
Work with cost accountants to manage standard costs and variances.
We’d love to hear from you if
You have a BS or MS degree in a Biological or Chemical field from with 5+ years relevant industry experience.
You're a pro at designing and executing experiments, as well as analyzing data and communicating results and recommendations.
You understand cGMP manufacturing and ISO 13485/9001 quality systems.
You have great bench skills and comfort with a variety of lab equipment.
You're resourceful, organized, and have great communication.
You’re flexible to adapt to the changing needs of a growing startup.
Experience with qPCR or protein purification a plus.
What we offer
Competitive salary & equity
Health/dental/vision insurance for employees, subsidized for family
401(k) plan & FSAs
Flexible vacation policy
Fully stocked kitchen + catered lunch on Wednesdays
On-site shower
MacBook Pro, large display, and whatever else you need
At Chai everyone works with a great deal of freedom and responsibility. Expectations are high as people are trusted to act independently. We share information openly, think from first principles, and have a candid & trusting culture. We offer you many challenges, an environment where you can achieve phenomenal things, and a front row seat as we disrupt the biotech industry.
