Company Description

Astreya is the leading IT solutions provider to deliver technology-enabled services and fuel digital transformation to some of the most exciting companies on the planet. We are at the cusp of a new way of working with our delivery model that helps our clients be positively productive by matching exceptional people to on-site teams delivering world-class IT service. With engineers in over 30 countries and 70 cities around the world, we are a global company working with the world's most recognizable and innovative organizations.
Job Description

Job Summary:

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The Data Engineer will support our data analysts on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities:
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for team members to assist them in building and optimizing analytics production.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Other duties as required. This list is not meant to be a comprehensive inventory of all responsibilities assigned to this position
Required Qualifications/Skills:
Bachelor’s degree (B.S/B.A) from four-college or university and 5 to 8 years’ related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise
Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions
Proficiency in languages SAS, Python, Java, and MatLab
ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load)
Database - SQL and NoSQL
Data Warehousing – Hadoop, MapReduce, HIVE, Presto
Operating system: UNIX, Linux
Follows standard practice and procedures when analyzing situations or data
Preferred Qualifications:
Programming language: Javascript, R
Basic Machine Learning
Scope:
Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways
Seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of their speciality
Works on problems of a diverse scope
Receives little instruction on day to day work, general instruction on new assignments
What can Astreya offer you?
Working with some of the biggest firms in the world as part of the Astreya delivery network
Employment in the fast-growing IT space providing you with brilliant career options for years to come
Introduction to the new ways of working and awesome technologies
Career paths to help you establish where you want to go
A company-wide mentoring program to advise you along the way
Online training courses through CBT-nuggets to upskill you
Performance management system to provide you with meaningful, actionable feedback
Dedicated management to provide you with a point of leadership and care
Internal promotion focus. We love to build people from within.
Numerous on-the-job perks
Peer Recognition
Market competitive rates and benefits
Astreya Partners is an equal employment and affirmative action employer. We evaluate qualified applicants on merit and business needs and not on race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, veteran status or any other factor protected by law.
