Job Description
Do you have:

Expertise in the development, execution, and improvement of action plans with regards to Software Engineering?

Experience leading and participating in medium- to large-scale projects?

Directing medium to large projects?

Leading a small team of engineers for assigned projects?

Modeling compliance with company policies and procedures and supporting company mission, values, and standards of ethics?

Creating and supporting the implementation of business solutions?

Troubleshooting business and production issues?

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Use machine learning and data mining techniques to understand the patterns in large volumes of data, classify data sets, detect data anomalies, and identify relationships.
Experience in creating projections, models, reports, and presentations to support business.
Work on problems of diverse scope and complexity in a collaborative fashion alongside other individuals or teams.
Obtain data from multiple data sources including structured, semi structured and unstructured data.
Design and build algorithms and predictive models using techniques such as linear and logistic regression, ensemble models (random forest and/or gradient boosted trees), support vector machines, neural networks, and clustering techniques.
Have experience with AI development, Deep Learning models, Tensorflow experience, agile software launching, and/or working with data integration developers to assess data quality and define data processing business rules for cleansing, aggregation, enhancement, supporting analysis and predictive modelling activities.
Can exercise independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks
Work using independent judgment
You will need:
Master's Degree
Experience with deploying model pipelines across various technologies
Experience with Natural Language Processing
Experience working in Agile environments
Experience leading a team that collects new data and improves/refines data collection techniques.
Have been a Senior designer and builder of algorithms, models and products with the aim to derive deep insight from varied, complex Big Data sets.
Be able to communicate findings effectively across the business to drive stakeholder engagement.
To have solved challenging data science problems fundamental to their business.
Contributed to scientific publications, white papers and industry conference presentations.
PROPRIUS is an AI Industry recruiting firm. We’re lucky enough to recruit the best candidates into the most exciting companies all over the United States. We deliver performance.
