POSITION SUMMARY

Works closely with manager to ensure company and team goals are met. Ensures high quality work is completed timely.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
Responsible for day-to-day staffing/scheduling/setting up sample run schedules.
Ensures production work is consistently completed according to department goals.
Ensures all case samples are processed and accounted for.
Monitors team members to ensure adherence to SOPs and safety procedures
Oversees training for new hires: works in conjunction with lead to train new hires.
Investigates/follows up on lab errors (NCR).
Assists manager in initiating and completing CAPAs.
Handles employee issues. Collaborates with Manager to resolve issues.
Ensures alignment with team for reasoning behind instructions/processes, changes that are made, why certain ideas cannot be implemented effectively.
Meets regularly with individual team members to discuss goals and progress.
Responsible for staff performance reviews.
Plans and leads shift meetings
Keeps team morale up and maintains professionalism of team members, including by acting as role model.
Adheres to Departmental Expectations
Ensures compliance with all regulatory agency requirements through documentation, audits, and corrective action.
Go-to person when manager is not present.
May assist lab team in day to day tasks
Keeps team morale up and maintains professionalism of team members, including by acting as role model.
Assists the team in day to day lab work if necessary.
Approves timecards and PTO requests
Escalates lab issues and team concerns to manager. Communicates the problem and suggests possible solutions.
Understands the entire lab process and is able to identify and troubleshoot issues when they arise.
Understands when and how to escalate issues appropriately.
Makes sure the goals set by manager for the team are being met in the lab.
Performs and completes side projects assigned by the manager.
Actively interacts with interdepartmental teams such as OPS, Accessioning, Engineering, Stats, R&D, and Support.
Receives assignments in the form of objectives with goals and the process by which to meet goals.
Provides direction to employees according to established policies and management guidance.
Administers company policies that directly affect subordinate employees.
Recommends changes to unit or sub-unit policies.
Provides direct supervision to professional individual contributors and/or skilled, support individual contributors
Acts as advisor to unit or sub-units and may become actively involved, as required, to meet schedules and resolve problems.
This role works with PHI on a regular basis both in paper and electronic form and have an access to various technologies to access PHI (paper and electronic) in order to perform the job
Employee must complete training relating to HIPAA/PHI privacy, General Policies and Procedure Compliance training and security training as soon as possible but not later than the first 30 days of hire.
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Employee must pass post offer criminal background check.
Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
BS/BA degree in Biological Sciences, related field, or equivalent
2+ years of industry-related experience
In California, Current California State CLS or CGMBS license (Clinical Genetics Molecular Biologist Scientist).
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Proven leadership experience
Able to take on projects with little supervision.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, computer, troubleshooting, and pipetting skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Word processing and data management skills.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
Duties typically performed in office setting
Standing or sitting for long periods of time may be necessary
Duties may require working weekends and overtime
OUR OPPORTUNITY

Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications.

The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, youll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, youll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.

WHAT WE OFFER

Competitive Benefits. Healthy catered lunches, Premium snacks and beverages, Onsite gym with cardio and weight-training equipment, Game room with satellite TV, Onsite dry cleaning and alteration service with pick-up and delivery, Employee-organized sport leagues, Happy hours and BBQs, Generous Employee Referral program.

For more information, visit www.natera.com.

Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.

All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
