On April 1, 2020, Rubicon Project and Telaria, Inc. merged to create one company. The combined company will rebrand as one in the coming months. In the interim, each company will operate under its existing brand name. The ticker symbol for the combined public entity will remain NYSE: RUBI.

We are looking for Data Engineers to help us build tools, enhance our platform, and leverage our vast amounts of advertising data to make informed decisions around business optimizations and efficiencies. We're close to the customers and have the reward of seeing our work being used immediately. We take pride in the reliability and scalability of our platform, as well as our pace of implementation. We are a small and efficient team building out a solution in a new space with lots of green field ahead of it.

Why You'll Be Excited
Having a large stake and impact on the product and business direction and bottom-line
Collaborating with innovative and goal-focused engineering and business teams
Working with data scientists, data analysts, and product managers to identify and use the data that is most relevant to the problem at hand
Building systems that can effectively stream, store, and crunch vast amounts of data to help inform customers and power business analytics
Solving complex problems revolving around real-time strategic decision-making and large data systems
Developing, deploying, and maintaining robust and high-performance systems and features
Why We'll Be Excited About You
You have strong verbal and written communication skills that help you express your work in meaningful ways to cross functional teams
You are passionate about learning different technologies, exploring engineering challenges, and working in a dynamic and collaborative environment
You have working experience and skills designing and coding in Java/Scala and/or Python
You are proficient in writing efficient and well-structured SQL queries and have experience with database schemas and design
You have experience with big data technologies (Spark, Presto, Druid, etc.)
You have knowledge of UNIX/Linux and scripting with Perl, Shell, etc.
Degree in Computer Science or a related field
Bonus: Experience working in a data science / machine learning environment
Bonus: Experience working with AWS Services (Redshift, Kinesis, Glue, etc.)
Why We (and You'll) Love It Here
We are a technology and data-driven business
We embrace analytical thinking, kind, and results driven people
We have a plethora of challenging and interesting problems to solve
We help and support each other in creating a productive work/life balance
Perks and Benefits:

At Telaria we place an emphasis and importance on ensuring our total rewards are competitive, aligned with industry and to help you create a productive work/life balance. Benefits are highly subsidized and include medical, company paid dental, vision, employer contributed Health Savings Account, 401k matching, corporate gym discounts, pre-tax health and commuter savings, life insurance, 5 and 10-year Sabbatical programs, Discretionary Time Off (a.k.a. open vacation policy!), Paid Parental Leave, an Employee Referral Program, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), and much more! All this is within a collaborative work environment you can personalize and topped with engaging programs like Micro-Mentorship, and Team Sports.

Telaria values diversity and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
