Posted: Feb 28, 2020
Role Number:
200155433
We are looking for a hardworking and results-oriented individual to join our team and develop insights that drive the future of Apple Pay. You are skilled analytically, with a deep understanding of the businesses you support. You will be a thought partner to the business, understand their goals and then use your data science skills and tools to surface actionable insights that support your partners key KPI’s. You will collaborate with partners across product, design, engineering, and business teams to help turn your recommendations into action. It’s about getting things done iteratively and rapidly, with open feedback and debate along the way; we believe analytics is a team sport, but we strive for independent decision-making and taking calculated risks.
Key Qualifications
5+ years of recent experience in a data science or data analyst role.
Experience measuring UX impact, customer engagement and planning and analyzing AB experiments. A real passion for improving the customer experience through refining the product.
We seek a strong business attitude, possessing the ability to condense complex analysis and technical concepts into clear and concise takeaways for business leaders.
Excellent presentation, communication and social skills, with strong attention to detail.
Demonstrated ability to deal with ambiguity and balance between multiple priorities to lead high quality work to tight deadlines!
Well-versed with SQL. Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop and Spark preferred.
Familiarity with Python or R and data visualization tools such as Tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation.
Ability to comprehensively understand data elements, sources and relationships in business and technical terms.
Strong familiarity with multiple platforms, tools, methodologies in data analysis and insight synthesis.
Well versed working with predictive and causal problems
Prior experience working with financial products desirable
Description
You will play a key role improving the Apple Pay product experience. As a member of the analytics team, you will support a product function. You will partner with business owners, understand goals, craft critical metrics and measure ongoing performance. You will use your analytics expertise to uncover new opportunities as well as tune existing features. Your Day to Day Activities will Include:

Deep dives in large-scale data to identify key insights that inform product improvements and business strategy.

Supervised and unsupervised learning.

A/B testing and causal modeling.

Define how best to measure and monitor Apple Pay products and features.

Engage with business, engineering, product management teams as a thought partner.

Build and maintain positive relationships with key partners across the company to optimally deliver actionable insights.

Partner with other Apple organizations on data gathering, data governance, democratizing data with reporting tools and evangelizing critical metrics.
Education & Experience
Master’s degree in Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or relevant field.
