Job Description
Infoscitex, a DCS company, is an employee owned organization with a reputation for agile and efficient development of technology solutions for U.S. Defense, Aerospace, Human Factors, and Security markets. We continue to provide innovative solutions with our multidisciplinary teams formed with exceptional employees. Infoscitex is seeking a Data Scientist to join our team. As this Data Scientist, you will use established programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large data sets. In this role, you could expect to conduct mathematical, statistical or other data-driven problem solving analysis to identify operations or intelligence questions by internal and external customers.

Please note this is a very math intensive opportunity; if you are extremely comfortable discussing and applying mathematical principles learned in undergraduate Calculus 1-3; including Differential Equations, Linear Algebra, and Statistics; then you may thrive in this role.

Requirements:

Due to the sensitivity of customer related requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required.

MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related discipline; and at least 5 years of related experience researching and providing data science solutions to the Department of Defense or the Intel Community in the areas of data understanding and insight, big data including using cloud computing, or artificial intelligence and machine learning. (We have multiple levels associated with this opportunity. Candidates with more advanced degrees or varying experience may be considered for alternative classification.)

Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information: Active TS/SCI.

Proficiency in a compiled programming language: C/C++, Fortran, etc.

Experience using Python, R, Java, or other computer languages in a Linux environment to perform data science, develop automated solutions to process, and transform data.

Experience applying machine-learning techniques on a variety of different data types (e.g. images, text, time series, etc.).

Strong skills in MS Office suite.

Ability to work in a highly collaborative team environment.

Excellent verbal and written English communication skills with ability to prepare and deliver clear presentations on research and development plans, project status, technical issues, and results.

Demonstrated ability and react effectively to time critical situations to achieve project success.

Ability to travel (8-10 short travel trips per year are anticipated)

DCS Corp is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Company Description
DCS Corp is an employee owned Aerospace Engineering Company that supports all branches of the military and government sectors. We have been in business since 1977 and are now more than 1,500+ employee/owners strong.

In addition, as an employee of DCS you will also be an owner and stock holder.

Our Core Values are People, Quality and Integrity and Profitable Growth.
