About Enjoy.

Enjoy is the next generation of the retail store. We pride ourselves on delivering a new kind of buying experience and our friendly Customer Experience Experts bring the best of the store directly to you. We offer same-day delivery for today’s premiere mobile devices with additional help and setup. Best of all...it’s free!

Each year we grow, reaching a total of 50 locations in 2018, with more expansion on the horizon. Needless to say, it’s an ambitious undertaking which requires a spirit of winning together and a strong growth mindset. We value people who choose kindness and are obsessed with delivering amazing experiences. We are helping today’s premier companies navigate the shift from brick and mortar to online commerce that delivers a first-rate experience to the experience obsessed. Enjoy delivers speed, kindness, and an outstanding value.

Enjoy is founded and led by Ron Johnson, former head of Apple Retail. Alongside is an executive team from leading retail, technology, and design organizations such as Apple, Facebook, and Amazon.
About the role

As an Enjoy Data Scientist, you'll provide deeper analysis and valuable insights to unlock opportunities and drive informed business decisions. Collaborate to evolve the data platform with user-friendly tools, solutions and dashboards so that relevant information can be efficiently gathered and easily interpreted by business teams. In addition to having a strong data science background, an ideal candidate for this role should have experience coordinating with a cross-functional business team, external partner teams, and ability to inspire confidence in data-driven decision making.
At least 5 years as a Data Scientist in a customer experience function
BS or MS in CS,Math, Statistics, Engineering, Analytics
Strong understanding of the CX domain
Has & demonstrates all Enjoy values, especially Experience Obsessed and Growth Mindset
Drives innovation and profitability by knowing and predicting what our customers want through measuring & interpreting our true End to End Customer Journeys and tying it all together in a unified view of the CX
Define, quantify & help prioritize Customer Pain Points to eliminate & Customer Experience Best Practices to scale
Build complex models to identify patterns, correlations and causal relationships in customer behavior to drive profitability
Designs qualitative and quantitative CX analysis and research efforts
Hands on with statistical analysis and experimentation, and capacity to drive conclusions & recommendations from the analysis
Ensures stakeholders understand insights & how to interpret and bring together all CX data sources, including NPS survey results, customer touchpoints data, merchandising, in-visit experience, etc and make the information actionable
Effectively use and visualize data to tell stories, communicate key insights through internal reports, presentations and dashboards to drive business decisions & bring the customers voice into daily operations
Lead business reviews meetings with leadership teams and external partners and advocate for the Customer Experience across the organization
Evaluate and quantify the effect of experimentations and various tests through data analysis and statistical methods, and makes data-driven recommendations, including designing and conducting A/B tests with statistical rigor
Share daily/weekly business performance
Hands-on expertise with SQL, python and any other programming language
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc)
Experience working with data-warehouse, business intelligence technologies, and databases
Experience with running A/B tests and familiar with experimentation platforms


This job description is not intended as a comprehensive or exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications necessary for the position described herein. The duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of the position are subject to change without notice.

All offers of employment are subject to background checks and drug screens prior to start date. Enjoy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local, state, and federal laws and Fair Chance Ordinances.

As an equal opportunity employer, Enjoy is proud to maintain a workplace characterized by mutual respect, inclusivity, and the celebration of diversity. All qualified applicants are welcome and will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, disability, veteran status, or other applicable protected characteristic under local, state, or federal law.

#LI-ENJOY
Apply
