GRAIL is a healthcare company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is focused on alleviating the global burden of cancer by developing pioneering technology to detect and identify multiple deadly cancer types early. The company is using the power of next-generation sequencing, population-scale clinical studies, and state-of-the-art computer science and data science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology, and to develop its multi-cancer early detection blood test. GRAIL is located in Menlo Park, California. It is supported by leading global investors and pharmaceutical, technology, and healthcare companies. For more information, please visit www.grail.com

In this role, you will analyze some of the largest, richest biological datasets in the world to find biological signals and patterns and guide our assays, bioinformatic pipelines, and product strategies. Working closely with scientists, clinicians, and engineers, you will develop inference to investigate the biology of cell free nucleic acid tumor biology and how that relates to classification performance. You will execute statistical analyses operating across GRAIL’s data sets, public data, and data from collaborators in academia and industry. Your analyses will result in exciting discoveries in cancer biology, impactful publications, and products for early detection of cancer.
You Will:
Modeling and analysis of large, complex genomics datasets using machine learning and statistical methods to generate biological insights.
Perform end-to-end analysis that include data gathering, processing, analysis, iteration with stakeholders, and presentation of results.
Interact cross-functionally with other teams including software, clinical, operations, research, product development, and external collaborators.
Promulgate analyses that reinforce scientific rigor and quality and which maintain GRAIL’s statistical culture.

Your Background Includes:

Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Statistics, Biological Sciences, Cancer Biology, Genetics, Genomics, Computer Science, Physics, or equivalent preparation and experience.
Proven track record of strong contributions demonstrated by highly cited publications, impactful tools, products, or data sets used by the scientific community, presentations at international conferences, and awards.
Preferred, 3 years relevant experience in positions of increasing responsibility.
Deep understanding of modern statistical and machine learning tools for analysis of genomics datasets.
Demonstrated ability to apply these skills to uncover new biological insights from large genomics datasets.
Demonstrated expertise in at least one programming language (R, Python, Go, C++), proficiency in Linux environment, version control tools, and reproducible research practices.
Self-direction, willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
