Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.With 2018 launch of Portal and Portal+, Facebook entered the competitive in-home devices market. Were focused on expanding use cases and smart assistant capabilities, adding new third party integrations, and expanding into new markets as well as continuously improving the user experience. The Analytics team is working on learning about which of these features resonate with users and contribute to our mission to make more moments meaningful. Projects our DS work on range from broad user and ecosystem understanding, strategic planning and goal setting, as well as diving deep on the variety of features and experiences offered throughout the platform.We collaborate with a variety of DS teams from across Facebook and cross-functional partners within Portal. Also, as part of AR/VR Analytics you will be able to contribute to our organizations success across the entire augmented and virtual reality portfolio through peer mentorship and collaboration.

Responsibilities:

Own the data-driven insights for a large portion of our platform business.
Initiate and lead cross-functional data science and modeling projects with multiple contributors.
Aggregate and analyze complex data sets across multiple teams to identify and interpret large scale trends and patterns to help drive strategy across several teams.
Apply statistical techniques to understand groups of users, their engagement with the platform, and the performance of the platform itself.
Work with members of the team and multiple partners to surface strategic issues and overall direction to product group leadership.
Use technologies and methods such as Dataswarm, Hive, Python, R, SQL to create deep scalable and repeatable insights that will empower the team while informing roadmap and team priorities.
Effectively communicate results and insights to the product team and company leadership.
Mininum Qualifications:

BS, MS or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics, computer science, applied mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent experience
5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modeling
Experience working independently and as a member of a cross-functional team
Proven experience influencing cross-functional partners and work across teams
Experience in querying and manipulating large datasets for analysis
SQL experience
Preferred Qualifications:

Python or R experience
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
