Connor Group is a specialized advisory firm of Big 4 alumni and industry executives. We provide high-value services to assist companies with Financial Accounting and Operations, IPO Services, and M&A Services. Connor Group is a team of big brains helping financial executives with their most complex and significant matters. Our clients are the world's top growth companies. We support them as they change the world!

Here at Connor Group we value competence, discipline, courage and likeability. We also believe that work/life balance is an essential factor in professional and personal success. Connor Group is a fantastic place to work, filled with highly competent and likable people!

Are you someone who
has over 3.5 GPA in computer science Bachelors or Masters?
has 0 to 2 years of software development experience?
has good hands on experience using at least one programming language like Java / Java script / C# / Phython / Ruby?
has a good understanding of SaaS-based products and web technologies like SOAP, REST, XML, WSDL, XSD, UDDI and JSON?
has good analytical and problem solving skills?
is a team player with strong communication skills and a can-do attitude?
is a creative problem solver?
If so, we want you on our team!

Connor Group currently has offices in Silicon Valley, San Francisco, Reno, Salt Lake, and New York. But the majority of Connor Group professionals work from remote client premises. Our unique and exciting environment requires someone who will apply creative thinking to support ever-changing needs.

Job Responsibilities:
Hands on design, development, deployment and maintenance of integration processes between 3rd party applications across cloud and/or on premise using 'Dell Boomi AtomSphere' platform or using Workato.
Managing, Monitoring, Sustaining, Troubleshooting and supporting existing integration implementations for our clients.
supporting developers and architects in managing and creating design, development, and maintenance documentation related to each client.
Adapt and implement the methodologies and processes.
