Scientist II

Max Bill rate ***
Temp only position
Work hours: 9-5PM
Onsite 2-3 times a week for lab work, then other days work remote due to the COVID-19 situation.
Interviews will be conducted via phone

3 must haves on resumes: Experience with bench work, BS degree in Biology with Immunology as one of the subjects, analytical thinking and experience in MS Office

Job Description Summary:

Client Biosciences is a world leader in bringing innovative diagnostic and research tools to life
science researchers, clinical researchers, laboratory professionals and clinicians who are involved
in basic research, drug discovery and development, biopharmaceutical production and disease
management. The Client Biosciences segment is focused on continually advancing the science and
applications associated with cellular analysis.
Client Biosciences is seeking qualified candidates for a yearly contract in the R&D Reagents and
Assays Development organization at the BDB San Jose location. The BDB Reagent
Development Group focuses on providing differentiated reagent solutions that uncover truths in
biology and medicine. Teams of talented scientists and engineers are responsible for initiating
and driving the reagent and assay development projects and integrating assays and flow
cytometry instruments to create the next-generation of research and clinical Flow Cytometry
platforms. Products include cell analyzers, cell sorters, reagents, assays, and software.
Job responsibilities may include hands-on laboratory testing and troubleshooting of
instrumentation, preparation of biological samples, analysis of flow cytometry data, preparation
of documentation to support findings, or test method development. The candidate will be
performing work under the supervision of a manager/project lead who will define deliverables;
meet with a senior leadership mentor; participate in project team meetings and be responsible for
documenting and presenting research findings.
Minimum Qualifications:
Education and Experience:
o Minimum B.S. degree in Biology, Immunology, Biomedical engineering and other Biological
majors.
o Minimum of 2 years' experience in clinical reference laboratories, academic research, pharma
industry, contract research organizations, clinical research, or other relevant industry.
o Proficient in MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint.
o Experienced in bench-testing and has effective analytical and problem-solving skills
o Extremely motivated and willingness to work in a fast-paced environment, hard-working and
multidisciplinary team.
Desired:
o M.S. in Biology, Immunology, Biomedical engineering and other Biological majors
o Knowledge of or demonstrated interest in immunology, hematology and/or clinical chemistry in
the clinical, research and pharmaceutical environment.
o Lab skills, including pipetting, working with blood, cells or other sample types.
