Collaborative Solutions is a leading global Finance and HR Transformation consultancy that leverages world-class cloud solutions to help deliver successful outcomes for its customers. As one of the longest-tenured consulting partners with Workday, Collaborative Solutions has a 98% customer satisfaction rate and has executed over 325 Workday Financial Management, Human Resources, and Payroll deployments for global Fortune 500 companies, medium-sized businesses, and education and government institutions.

Collaborative Solutions is seeking a Data Consultant experienced in Human Capital Management. As a Data Consultant at Collaborative you will guide clients through the transformation, implementation and operation phases of a Workday implementation.

Responsibilities:
Become a Workday HCM product expert with knowledge of design, configuration, testing, and implementation.
Design and generate data tracking and monitoring tools, and develop reports with accurate, easy to read, useful information
Utilize your technical aptitude to convert and map data sources into data conversion templates via iLoads.
Guide clients through the data extract and cleansing process, including iLoading customer data, moving configuration from tenant to tenant, and configuring business processes and security.
Create ETL scripts to transform and load data, and create strategies to improve and normalize client data
Lead the validation of data loaded into Workday
Regularly engage and support the client through all phases of the project, ensuring a smooth transfer from legacy systems to the Workday HCM solution.
Perform multiple tasks under limited direction, while regularly keeping the client, your project team and your Engagement Manager abreast of changes or progress related to the project.
Act as a mentor to fellow consultants and analysts, including providing support for shadow assignments.
Actively participate in update training and internal opportunities to share one’s skills and learnings with others within the organization.
Skills & Requirements:
Ideally, 2-5 years of PeopleSoft (or other ERP) Data Conversion or HCM implementation experience
Workday experience a plus
Experience with data conversion, data mining, and data loading
Advanced experience of Excel, some VB is also preferred
Ability to travel up to 25%
For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.
