Posted: Jun 26, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200125817
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

The people here at Apple don’t just create products — they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspire the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.

It takes deeply dedicated, intelligent and hard-working individuals excel at AI. The Siri Product Engineering team is seeking a Data Analyst to take on the responsibility of improving our understanding of the customer experience through statistics, analytics, modeling, and user research tools.
Key Qualifications
10 years of experience in data science
Excellent analytical skills, advanced level of statistics with the ability to identify and predict trends and anomalies
Superb software development/scripting skills with proficiency in C++ and Python, including libraries such as scikit-learn, pandas, scipy, Spacy, NLTK, and PyTorch
Data visualization experience with tools such as Tableau and Matplotlib, creating dashboards and presenting data through reports
History of presenting to senior leadership and to large cross-functional teams
Prior experience in voice assistants and AI/ML is a plus
Description
The Data Scientist will utilize data, infrastructure, and analytic tools to isolate and key drivers of user satisfaction. You will drive initiatives for better data collection and reporting, ensure data integrity across multiple data sources, and reduce analysis time through automation and creative solutions. You should have the expertise required to understand complex data sets: product testing, big data, and user research. Select and configure appropriate technologies and programming languages required to ensure successful business impact. You will take data from different sources, apply statistical modeling, analyze, interpret its specific meaning, and clearly convey the significance of the assessment, tailored to individual teams, as well as the business as a whole. The position requires a software programming skillset, utilization of statistical techniques, experience understanding data integrity, and implementing automated solutions. You will need to have a grasp of relational database management systems, design, and structured query language.

THE ROLE INCLUDES THE FOLLOWING DUTIES:
• Employ statistical techniques to drive customer understanding
• Answer complex questions through data, analysis, and clearly communicate findings to multi-functional teams for direction
• Seek opportunities to improve data collection, reporting, and consumption
• Regularly collaborate with internal and external teams to resolve data and collection issues
Education & Experience
Master’s or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Business Analytics, Machine Learning, Engineering, or equivalent experience
