Posted: May 7, 2020
Role Number:
200169384
Apple is looking for ML/Deep Learning engineers to develop and integrate machine learning technologies for autonomous systems. You will work on a hardware/software product enabled by the ML technologies you build.

WHAT YOU’LL DO
Develop features and models to improve the capabilities of systems that use machine learning.
Scale up models, build training datasets and tune parameters to improve system performance.
Build software that improves your rate of experimentation and helps you make better decisions about what to try next.
Build analysis tools and simulations to understand the performance of complex systems. - Conduct original research to solve hard problems applying machine learning in new areas - Work with the team to deploy models in a mission critical environment.
Key Qualifications
Able to train and debug deep learning systems: Defining metrics and datasets, performing error analysis, training models in a modern DL framework (such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, etc.)
Familiar with current DL literature and the math of machine learning: optimization methods, common types of models and layers, etc.
Strong background in Python development with Linux. You write clean, correct code while iterating on experiments in Python. Ability to understand and contribute to C++ based software is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written skills. You collaborate effectively with other teams and communicate clearly about your work.
Description
WORKING WITH OUR TEAM

You’ll join a phenomenal team of hardworking engineers and researchers with deep experience in robotics, machine learning, and software engineering. We hope you’re passionate about the values that drive us:
Passion for the mission: We’re here to make something great. We take on whatever work is right for the product and strive for the best possible results.
Modesty: The right answer is more important than being right. We search for solutions as a team and value clear-eyed feedback.
Lean habits: You can’t grow without limits. Time constraints and big goals encourage us to sharpen our focus and learn to make phenomenal decisions.
Education & Experience
Bachelors, Masters, or PhD Degree in Computer Science/Machine Learning or equivalent professional experience.
