Looking to grow your experience in a company that is truly employee-centric? Here’s the opportunity to work in a great team for a company with excellent growth potential!

ATUM has developed an integrated bioengineering pipeline for gene and protein design, optimization and manufacturing. Our state-of-the-art Synthetic Biology and Machine Learning provides customers with individually tailored solutions. Our customers include large and small pharma and biotech, as well as agricultural and industrial biotech companies across the globe. ATUM is a 17-year old, world leading bioengineering company. We are a heavily science-driven company that currently employs ~100 people. For more information visit www.atum.bio

This is a scientist position in our protein analytics department. The ideal candidate should have a Ph.D in biochemistry, analytical chemistry or another relevant discipline with 0-2 years of working experience (or equivalent industry experience). This experience should include exposure to analytical methods and prior experience working with proteins in an analytical setting. They will have an organized and systematic approach to technical challenges, as well as a track record of collaborative relations with groups such as research & development, analytical development, and protein production operations.

Requirements

Qualities:
Strong knowledge of analytical techniques including experience using multiple techniques for example LC and MS.
Able to interpret results of analytical experiments and integrate data produced by other disciplines.
Analytical and Problem-Solving Skill - Able to troubleshoot critical issues or problems and determine causes and possible solutions.
An organized approach to providing turnkey analytical services in support of all groups at ATUM.
Strong focus on attention to detail and quality
Multi-tasker – working in two area require the ability to juggle the needs for multiple groups and can prioritize to achieve goals with effective time management/organizational skills.
Technical – Subject matter expertise and knowledge of applicable lab equipment and operations.
Good record keeper in addition to being able to work with LIMS.
Good communicator – capable of discussing questions, concerns without hesitation throughout the company across multiple departments.
Love to work in a fast-paced team environment.
Flexible – it will be rare that any day will be the same.
Awareness of inventory control for equipment, consumables, and reagents
Experience with automation is a plus.
Perform process QC including but not limited to SDS-PAGE, LabChIP, SEC-HPLC, Westerns, RP-HPLC, Glycan Analysis.
Streamline and automate current processes that are not platform based.
Develop custom analytical services upon request.
Active participation/lead technical projects within the group.
Mentors and provides technical advice to individuals within the team.
Duties:

Education Requirements

Ph.D degree in biochemistry/biotechnology or related field, with 0-2 years of experience (or equivalent industry experience).

Physical Requirements

This position requires the ability to frequently and repetitively move and/or pour a minimum of 5lbs (up to 25lbs may occasionally be required) as well as other physical activities, including:
Constantly opening and closing lab receptacles, including removing and adhering plate seals, twisting caps, lifting lids.
Occasionally ascending/descending a ladder to retrieve lab supplies.
Constantly positioning self to pour or pipette reagents used for the lab process, including large and small volumes.
Benefits
Be part of the next gen bio-tech revolution: Quantitative Biology
Learn new concepts and experiment with new technologies
Free catered lunch (everyday)
Excellent benefit package, PTO, Holidays, and more!
401(k) & Safe Harbor plan
We encourage qualified veterans to apply.

Phone calls not accepted.

EOE
