Location: San Jose (CA)
Location: Overland Park (KS)
Location: Pittsburgh (PA)

Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mention we've been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.

The Trust & Safety and Law Enforcement (TSLE) teams are committed to bringing happiness to customers while creating and culture of trust, safety, and respect. Zoom does so by taking the privacy and security of its customers and their data extremely seriously and maintaining a steadfast commitment to promoting the free and open exchange of ideas. Zoom must also meet its obligations under the laws of the countries in which we operate, and law enforcement agencies play a critical role in keeping our society safe. The TSLE team challenge includes the careful balancing of the privacy of Zoom customers and users against the important security interests of our world.

As a member of the TSLE team, your job will be to use your skills to help create and build brand new, cutting edge solutions that will enable the TSLE job to succeed in its mission. A successful candidate will be self-motivated, and able to proactively take initiative. In addition to being a member of the TSLE team, you will work across the legal, product, engineering, and operations teams, all of whom are motivated to create effective solutions designed to measure, monitor and mitigate TSLE issues across Zoom's services.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Gather and process raw data at scale.
Process unstructured data into structured data, manage schema of new data.
Manage data access to protect data in a safe way.
Read, extract, transform, stage and load data to selected tools and frameworks as required and requested.
Perform tasks such as writing scripts, write SQL queries, etc.
Analyze processed data.
Monitoring data performance and modifying infrastructure as needed.
Define data retention policies.
REQUIREMENTS:
3 + years of recent experience in data engineering.
Bachelor's Degree or more in Computer Science or a related field.
Experiences on Cloudear CDH platform, Spark programming, Impala SQL Language, Analyze data via Hive,etc.
Programming experience, ideally in Python, Java or Scala, and a willingness to learn new programming languages to meet goals and objectives.
Experience in C, Linux Shell, JavaScript or other programming languages is a plus.
Knowledge of ETL, visualization and reporting, with an understanding of the best, most efficient use of associated tools and applications to complete these tasks.
Knowledge of data features engineering, data mining, machine learning, or information retrieval.
Experience processing large amounts of structured and unstructured data, including integrating data from multiple sources.
Experience in production support and troubleshooting.
You find satisfaction in a job well done and thrive on solving head-scratching problems.
