JD.COM Silicon Valley Labs is looking for an exceptional self-motivated data scientist to join our Business Growth Business Unit. Business Growth Business Unit owns the marketing and advertising technology platform of JD.COM. You will be working with a group of elite research scientists and economists to tackle both challenging strategic and tactical problems to drive the growth of JD.COM's marketing and advertising platform as well as the e-commerce platform as a whole. Such projects include, e.g. improving advertising efficiency through model enhancement, data integration and/or new business model developments, analyzing customers lifetime value and develop data-driven processes to improve customer engagements. As a senior data scientist, you will be able to work with the data generated by hundreds of millions of JD.COM's active users and your work will directly influence how customers shop within and outside the JD platform.

Responsibilities:
Work with business, engineering and product management teams to form understandings of the requirements, processes as well as limitations of existing systems.
Apply data mining, quantitative analysis and visualization techniques to examine existing business status and identify opportunities for improvements.
Analyze and validate real-world data, work with engineering and product management teams to design solutions to improve data quality.
Identify key drivers for business growth through data driven processes and create insights for enhancement strategies using data driven progresses.
Build prototypes to demonstrate and validate improvement proposals.
Summarize and document findings to communicate with senior leaderships.
Qualifications:
Master or Ph.D. degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Operational Research, Statistics or related fields.
2+ years of work experience in Data Scientist role. Experience in consumer segments, especially e-commerce is strongly preferred.
Hands-on experience with large scale data and computing platforms such as Hadoop, Hive and Spark.
Highly experienced in data manipulation and analysis using SQL.
Development experience in scripting languages such as Python.
Ability to communicate the analysis results with the leadership teams to influence the strategy of product and business development.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
About JD-Business Growth

The Business Growth BU at JD.com was established in 2011. The engineering team is a group of dynamic geeks from world-class universities and industry-leading companies working in fields such as machine learning, analytics, statistics, NLP, information retrieval, system infrastructures, etc., based in Beijing and Mountain View, CA. We do battle every single day with some of the most significant, rewarding and fun problems in the technology industry, including but not limited to search/display, ads retrieval and recommendation, spam-traffic and click-farm detection, AI/machine learning infrastructure development, traffic and revenue prediction, ads pricing, audience expansion, etc., and we are looking to add great talent to our growing family!

JD.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.
