Please make sure to read the job posting in its entirety as it reflects both the University roles and responsibilities, followed by the specific description.

Department

2012211 Medicine-Infectious Diseases

About the Unit

The Chicago Center of HIV Elimination, embedded within the University of Chicago's main campus in Hyde Park, is located in Chicago's HIV epicenter. Of the 20 neighborhoods in the city with high annual HIV diagnosis rates (greater than 40 per 100,000), 13 of them are no more than eight miles from the University of Chicago. This area includes 4 of the 6 communities with the highest annual diagnosis rates in the city (Washington Park, West Englewood, Greater Grand Crossing and South Shore). Our position within the hardest hit neighborhoods in Chicago provides unique opportunities to advance HIV testing and prevention interventions locally, providing tangible results to those most affected and to improve the lives of those living with and without HIV infection. CCHE seeks to eliminate new HIV transmission events over the next 30 years (from 2011 to 2041) by using network science to target and integrate prevention as well as create structural and community-specific interventions.

Job Family

Research

Responsible for all aspects of research projects and research facilities. Plans and conducts clinical and non-clinical research; facilitates and monitors daily activities of clinical trials or research projects. Directs engineering and technical support activities to develop and maintain tools and computational methods needed to gather and analyze data.

Career Track and Job Level

Data Science

Conducts data investigation, including data wrangling, cleaning, sampling, management, exploratory analysis, regression and classification, prediction, and data communication. Implements foundational concepts of data computation, such as data structure, algorithms, parallel computing, simulation, and analysis. Utilizes knowledge in game theory, statistical quality control, exponential smoothing, seasonally adjusted trend analysis, or data visualization to gain insights, develop new strategies, and cultivate actionable business intelligence in diverse career tracks across the University.

P3: Requires in-depth knowledge and experience. Uses best practices and knowledge of internal or external University issues to improve products or services. Solves complex problems; takes a new perspective using existing solutions. Works independently, receives minimal guidance. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience.

Role Impact

Individual Contributor

Responsibilities

The job uses best practices and knowledge of data manipulation, statistical applications, programming, analysis and modeling in order to implement projects related to the University's various internal data systems as well as from external sources. The job is responsible for managing operational protocols.

1) Has a deep understanding of methods to analyze complex data sets for the purpose of extracting and purposefully using applicable information. May develop and maintain infrastructure that connects data sets., 2) Guides staff or faculty members in defining the project and applies principals of data science in manipulation, statistical applications, programming, analysis and modeling., 3) Calibrates data between large and complex research and administrative datasets. Guides and may set the operational protocols for collecting and analyzing information from the University's various internal data systems as well as from external sources., 4) Designs and evaluates statistical models and reproducible data processing pipelines using expertise of best practices in machine learning and statistical inference. Provides expertise for high level or complex data-related requests and engages other IT resources as needed. Partners with other campus teams to assist faculty with data science related needs., 5) Performs other related work as needed.

Unit-specific Responsibilities

1) The Senior Research Data Analyst will be responsible for analyzing bio-behavioral health and network epidemiological data from communities impacted by HIV and substance use.

2) The candidate will assist with the development of abstracts, posters, and presentations for local and national conferences, manuscripts, and other research outputs.

3) In collaboration with the MAARC, the analyst will assist with data collection activities and provide comprehensive data collection and management resources, technical assistance, and implementation support.

4) The analyst will work with data and support analytic services establishing rigorous standards for JCOIN-funded trials and data collection activities, providing comprehensive data collection and management resources, providing technical assistance, and implementing JCOIN's resource sharing approach.

5) The Senior Research Data Analyst will work on a number of projects that research aspects of HIV care, PrEP care, network science, substance use, etc.

6) Candidates will work in a sex-positive and LGBTQ affirming environment, are expected to actively pursue required knowledge and skills for professional development.

7) The Senior Research Data Analyst will be a part of the Analysis team and will engage with clients over the phone and in person.

8) Provide statistical consulting and analysis for research projects.

9) Supervise and mentor junior data analysts and other research staff.

10) Work closely with data analysts and other staff to ensure compatibility of data collection procedures for new and ongoing research protocols.

11) Provide critical input about data collection, storage, and management procedures for newly proposed research designs and suggesting design improvements.

12) Conduct sample size and power calculations and contributing to development of methods sections and statistical analysis plans for new grant proposals.

13) Oversee the creation of analytic datasets by merging, cleaning, and coding data from multiple sources, including behavioral surveys, electronic health records, and public health surveillance.

14) Document source code and data management and analysis procedures.

15) Prepare tables and figures for manuscripts, abstracts, and other scientific publications.

16) Write statistical methods sections for manuscripts and other publications, with opportunities for authorship.

17) Present results to researchers, colleagues, and funders, including formal presentations at conferences.

This position is grant funded.

Unit-preferred Competencies

1) Strong analytical skills.

2) Demonstrated knowledge of statistical methods and ability to apply this knowledge to the analysis of data from multiple ongoing epidemiologic studies, including randomized controlled trials, longitudinal observational studies, network studies, and mathematical modeling projects.

3) Proficiency with one or more statistical analysis software packages, such as SAS, Stata, or R for data management and statistical analysis.

4) Proficiency with Microsoft applications, including but not limited to Outlook, Excel, Access, and Word.

5) Ability to provide written descriptions of analytic methods for grant applications and scientific manuscripts.

6) Experience maintaining and documenting source code for reproducibility of research.

7) Ability to adhere to protocols for maintaining confidentiality of protected health information, and work with sensitive information (HIV/STI testing & substance use data).

8) Meticulous attention to detail and excellent organizational skills.

9) Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, set priorities, and meet deadlines.

10) Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work both independently and as part of a team.

11) Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills, including ability to communicate results. from complex statistical analyses to a lay audience.

12) Flexibility, creativity, and problem solving skills.

13) Ability to collaborate with colleagues from diverse academic and professional backgrounds.

14) Demonstrated effective leadership skills and ability to manage new analysts or students.

Education, Experience, and Certifications

Minimum requirements include a college or university degree in related field.

Minimum requirements include knowledge and skills developed through 5-7 years of work experience in a related job discipline.

Preferred Qualifications

Education

1) Master's degree or higher in mathematics, statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology, or related quantitative discipline

Experience

1) 3 years of post-graduate experience with statistical consulting and analysis

Required Documents

1) Resume

2) Cover Letter

NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application

FLSA Status

Exempt

Pay Frequency

Monthly

Pay Grade

Depends on Qualifications

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40

Benefits Eligible

Yes

Drug Test Required

No

Health Screen Required

No

Motor Vehicle Record Inquiry Required

No

Posting Date

2020-03-09-07:00

Remove from Posting On or Before

2020-09-09-07:00

Posting Statement

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Disabled/Veterans Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. For additional information please see the University's Notice of Nondiscrimination.

Staff Job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should call 773-702-5800 or submit a request via Applicant Inquiry Form.

The University of Chicago's Annual Security & Fire Safety Report (Report) provides information about University offices and programs that provide safety support, crime and fire statistics, emergency response and communications plans, and other policies and information. The Report can be accessed online at: http://securityreport.uchicago.edu. Paper copies of the Report are available, upon request, from the University of Chicago Police Department, 850 E. 61st Street, Chicago, IL 60637.
