The Opportunity


Come work for a data-driven innovator that's transforming the healthcare industry. In your role as a Manager, Data Science focused on machine learning solutions for growth, you'll work closely with marketing teams driving enrollment and retention to create scalable tools and essential analytics that directly drive Livongo's business forward.

This role will leverage your technical skills, business acumen, and leadership as you deliver insights that inform Livongo's most important business decisions. You'll collaborate closely with leaders to support growth, helping us increase our reach and impact a greater number of people living with chronic and behavioral conditions. Your efforts and your team's contributions will improve the value of Livongo services to our Members, increased engagement and member retention.

This high-profile, high-impact opportunity on the Data Science team has huge advancement potential, as well as the opportunity to leverage data in ways that truly make a difference in people's lives.

Responsibilities
Apply machine learning approaches to solve problems, oversee development and maintenance of product grade machine learning code and pipelines
Manage a team of data scientists and lead them in delivering high-impact solutions for our marketing teams driving enrollment and retention
Partner with key stakeholders to develop, scope and manage delivery of key projects and keep a pulse on the performance of our campaigns, experiments and growth
Work with team to solve strategic business problems by developing and executing on data-driven, practical strategies
Monitor existing metrics, develop and propose new metrics for our growing needs, and work across the marketing organization to deliver actionable insights.
Mentor team members to help them learn on grow on both technical abilities as well as important non-technical skills
Independently execute on technical projects involving analysis, modeling, and experimentation as needed
Candidate Profile


Our successful candidate will have:
4+ years' experience in Data Science and Machine learning focused roles SaaS or consumer companies
1+ years' experience managing data science teams, with exposure to marketing or product analytics
Familiarity with the entire ML algorithm lifecycle (modeling approach ideation, data exploration, training, evaluation, tuning)
Strong engineering experience with building and maintaining machine learning solutions
Familiarity with Python frameworks like Tensorflow and PyTorch for model development and evaluation
Familiarity with experimentation (A/B testing, multi-armed bandit) and underlying statistical concepts
Ability to build, mentor and manage team to efficiently execute on goals while helping team members learn and grow
Strong critical thinking and active listening skills to infer business needs and ability to work closely with key business leaders at a strategic level
A Master's degree or higher in computer science, machine learning, information systems, engineering, or a related field.
Why Join Livongo?

The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.
