Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet


We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us!



As a Data Scientist, you will develop novel solutions to market-driven problems using knowledge of the latest ML techniques, rigorous statistical analysis, and practical experience on previous data science projects. You will collaborate with internal and external stakeholders (external customers, other D&B data scientists, sales team members, business unit product leaders, development teams, and global partners) to understand business needs and technical requirements.

You will also:
Serve as a Subject Matter Expert on internal D&B data, and estimation of business size.
Participate and support other teams as needed for all aspects of model development, including design, model implementation, validation, calibration, documentation, product implementation, monitoring, and reporting
Research complex business issues and recommend solutions, including customer data input requirements, other required data sets, modeling approaches, and end products
Basic Qualifications:
Masters in a quantitative / applied field (Engineering, Computer Science, Operations Research, Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics).
2+ years of experience in data science roles.
Strong knowledge of programming and modeling using Python, R, or SAS.
Strong SQL skills and experience working with large data sets.
Experience working collaboratively, including building and maintaining relationships with internal and external stakeholders/clients.
Experience advising a team on innovative methodologies, data science tools, and environments.
Experience communicating complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience.
Experience applying modern machine learning techniques.
Preferred Qualities
Creative and inquisitive in nature, flexibility to learn and apply new methodologies.
Strong writing skills.
Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.

Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.
