Job Requisition ID #
20WD40121
Job Title
Principal Data Scientist
Job Description

Principal Data Scientist
Location: Boston, MA OR San Francisco, CA OR Portland, OR- United States
Job ID: 20WD40121

Security @ Autodesk
Our team of security experts helps Autodesk design, build, deploy and maintain secure products. We are embedding security in the full spectrum of how we build our products from inception, design, development, testing to how we are running them in the cloud as well as how we are responding to any existing or emerging threats to our products or the building blocks of our products and services. Our job is to be one step ahead of the bad guys and use expertise, technology and other resources to thwart their efforts to compromise our products and the environment in which they operate. Our team keeps a single-minded focus on protecting our customer’s data and their investment in our products by strengthening our applications, underlying services and network.

Position Overview
We are seeking an innovative and strategic thinker to help start a data science program within our team. This is an exciting and brand-new position as part of the Autodesk Security organization to develop new capabilities and gain insights through advanced analytics. The ideal candidate will guide the team to design, build, and deploy high-impact analytical models in support of the security program charter.

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will guide strategic planning and insight for security challenges in applications, products, and services throughout the company. You are expected to deliver strategic foresight and drive excellence in the new data science program. You have significant experience and maturity to raise the bar for the department. You will collaborate with stakeholders throughout the organization, including engineers, architects, and management. You will identify opportunities and trade-offs to design and implement solutions to advance the program.

This role is a unique position that will have a lot of freedom and creativity in the fields of data science and analytics. A security background is not required.

This position can be based out of our offices in Boston, Portland, or San Francisco.

Responsibilities
Lead and guide a data science program to help understand how the wealth of security data can drive insights into weaknesses, threats, and opportunities
Work on a variety of challenges and drive the strategic direction of the program
Design, implement, and deploy data analytics technologies
Apply quantitative analysis and data mining to build models that improve the security posture of applications, products, and services
Research new technologies that can improve the team’s agility, performance, and effectiveness
Influence product development and roadmap prioritization
Leverage a creative mindset to solve challenging problems
Collaborate with individuals and teams throughout the organization
Minimum Qualifications
Degree in a quantitative field, computer science, or an engineering discipline
Advanced knowledge of data analytics technologies
Highly technical with both tactical and strategic capabilities
Hands-on working experience with big data use cases, including designing, building and applying analytics applications
Experience working with big data platforms, such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc.
Fluency with one or more programming languages, such as Python, Go, etc.
Statistical programming skills, such as R, Matlab, Python data science toolkits, etc.
Experience working with distributed teams and other cross-functional stakeholders
Experience in an engineering or technical role delivering software solutions
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of cloud computing technologies, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Familiarity with Machine Learning (ML) techniques and applications
#ADSKSecurityCareers

#LI-POST

At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world. Autodesk is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic. We also consider for employment all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Are you an existing contractor or consultant with Autodesk? Please search for open jobs and apply internally (not on this external site). If you have any questions or require support, contact Autodesk Careers.
