We are looking for an experienced marketing analytics professional responsible for delivering data driven, actionable insights to help optimize maximize marketing performance. This role is responsible for helping internal marketing teams measure and optimize marketing programs and investments across paid, owned and earned media channels to drive customer engagement, brand equity and store profitability.

In this capacity, this person will leverage marketing measurement techniques, including media mix models, a/b testing, multi-touch attribution, and synthetic control groups, to quantify the impact of marketing tactics on business and financial outcomes in the short and long term. They will partner with media planners and marketing program managers to deliver analytically derived insights to optimize media efficiency and maximize campaign profitability.
Above and beyond strong data and technical skills, the right candidate for this position will have a strong understanding of business and marketing performance.

Position is located in Austin, TX.

The following duties are essential in successful execution of the position:
Track and monitor the performance of Whole Foods marketing campaigns and channels.
Build, maintain and evolve marketing attribution models to quantify the effect of marketing communications on customer behavior, sales and profitability across paid, owned and earned channels (e. g., tv, radio, out of home, paid search, display, online video, direct mail, social media, etc.).
Prepare quarterly media marketing effectiveness reviews to inform media plans, financial forecasting, and identify areas for efficiency improvements.
Work closely with the Media Planning team to solve key marketing measurement challenges and ensure that analyses are relevant and useful to inform marketing strategy.
Design data visualizations and presentations to track marketing channel performance and communicate business impact to marketing leadership teams.
Explain complex modeling approaches in simple terms; Develop compelling narratives that connect modeling results with marketing problems.
Build & maintains strong working relationships across departments or teams based on trust and mutual respect. Communicate with senior stakeholder to balance stakeholder and analytics perspectives.
Partner with marketing program and channel managers to ensure that tracking, reporting and analytics are tied to marketing campaign objectives.
Work with media agencies and marketing operations teams to ensure that media tracking is in place with high levels of data quality.
Nurture strong working relationships across departments and cross-functional stakeholders based on trust and mutual respect. Communicate with senior stakeholders to balance stakeholder vis- -vis analytics perspectives
Desired Skills & Experience
Bachelors degree in Statistics, Business, Economics, or related quantitative discipline. Advanced degree strongly preferred.
3-5 years professional experience in Analytics, Marketing, Business Analysis. Experience utilizing marketing measurement methods preferred, including a/b testing, multi-touch attribution, and media mix modeling.
Strong knowledge of SQL, R, Python, strongly preferred. Scala and Java are a plus.
Experience working with large enterprise databases and distributed processing systems (e.g., Hadoop, EMR), with demonstrated ability to independently query and prepare data for analysis.
Strong communication skills with the ability to explain complex analytical work to audiences with varying technical knowledge.
Working knowledge of marketing operations, ad tech, media planning, and media performance metrics.
Experience with advanced analytical techniques, including time series forecasting, clustering, and machine learning (classification and regression).
Experience with brick and mortar retail is a plus.
Exceptional analytic skills coupled with solid business thinking.
Self-directed, innovative thinker. In addition to a strong attention to detail, strong candidates will also be able to see the strategic implications for the business in the big picture. You are fluent in telling the story to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Strong candidates will have a curious mind, a passion for synthesizing information from multiple sources, the ability to interpret data through the lens of shopper behavior, and a habit of translating data into insights that drive action.
At Whole Foods Market, we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all Team Members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, marital status, disability, or any other legally protected characteristic. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely based on qualifications for the position to be filled and business needs.
