About UsAt Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world's largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine's Top Company Cultures list.We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!About the departmentCloudflare is looking to build and grow our Business Intelligence team responsible for building large-scale enterprise data lake and EDW from different sources and enabling various product and business teams such as Marketing, Customer Support, Sales, Finance with key business dashboards/reporting, insights and recommendation models.About the roleAs part of this initiative, we are looking for a strong Data Scientist to join Cloudflare and help us drive predictive analytic insights and best practices at scale from the ground up. This is a high visibility role and success in this role comes from marrying a strong data & modeling background with acute product and business acumen to deliver highly strategic and compelling insights that accelerate our business growth and influence our product decisions within Cloudflare. This person will also play a crucial role in hiring and growing the data science team in Austin in a rapid manner.What we look for: predictive modeling techniques, machine learning, model creation and deployment, storytelling and visualization, strong business & product acumen, cross-functional collaboration, creative problem solving, agile mindsetWhat you'll do* Partner and align with business leaders, stakeholders, product managers and internal teams to understand the business and product challenges and goals and address them using predictive analytics in a globally distributed environment.* Understand data landscape i.e tooling, tech stack, source systems etc. and work closely with the data engineering team to improve the data collection and quality.* Understand business/product strategy and high-level road map and align analysis efforts to enable them with data insights and help achieve their strategic goals.* Use your strong audience focused presentation and storytelling skills focused on key takeaways in a crisp and concise manner.* Define, implement, and train statistical, machine learning, and deep learning models.* Use software engineering best practices to publish model scores/insights/learnings at scale within the company.* Ability to define and spot macro and micro levels trends with statistical significance on a regular basis and understand key drivers driving those trends.* Active role in hiring, growing, and mentoring the data scientist team in Austin.Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience* M.S or Ph.D in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or other quantitative field.* 5+ years of data scientist experience with proven industry experience in a large scale environment (petabyte scale, globally distributed teams).* 2+ years experience with a fast-growing SaaS business based company is preferred.* Strong experience in scientific computing using Python, R, or Scala.* Experience with Spark, SQL, Tableau, Google Analytics, Hive and BigQuery (or any other Big data/Cloud equivalent) etc.* Experience working with and processing structured, unstructured, and semi-structured data.* Work closely with data engineering team to ensure robust data pipelines and model deployment.* Proven track record of applying data insights and machine learning in order to address business needs and drive revenue.* Strong communication and presentation skills catered to different audience within the company.* Capable of working closely with business, engineering, and product teams to ensure data initiatives are aligned with business needs.* Experience in hiring data scientists and establishing team best practices is preferred.What Makes Cloudflare Special?We're not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We're a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare's enterprise customers--at no cost.Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here's the deal - we don't store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy policy and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.Sound like something you'd like to be a part of? We'd love to hear from you!Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.
