Horne LLP is an industry leader in Accounting and Business Advisory Services and currently provides service from 13 locations across the US and Puerto Rico. Our Government Services practice is at the forefront of disaster recovery efforts nationwide with one of the most experienced and innovative teams anywhere.

The Data Scientist will be a technical role in leading data science projects, combining predictive analytics, data modeling, and machine learning. In this position, you will be responsible for building it, it’s attributes, and its parameters while modifying solutions to evolving business challenges

Requirements:
Required 4+ years of experience in relevant role
Bachelor’s degree in related field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering or a related quantitative field)
Expertise and deep knowledge of typical data science techniques such as classification, regression and optimization
Experience/proficiency in statistical programming languages: R, SAS, SPSS, etc.· Experience/proficiency in one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Perl, Java or Ruby
Experience/proficiency in relational databases such as: SQL, Oracle, Teradata
Understanding of:
BI tools (SAP business Intelligence, MicroStrategy, Tableau, QlikSense)
Big Data ecosystems& Distributed file systems / data frameworks (Apache Hadoop, AWS)
Machine learning tools/packages
Proficient level of MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Sharepoint, OneNote) and presentation tools
Responsibilities:
Independently and collaboratively explore, develop and deliver solutions to meet the business needs. Undertake data collection, processing and analysis.
Apply in-depth technical knowledge to create and implement customer centric solutions to complex business problems (ecosystem) across multiple areas.
Develop and apply algorithms. Analyze complex unstructured data sets to recommendations and implement solutions.
Build business intelligence system for the business integrating all and future platforms with multiple sources of data.
Independently convert business management questions into analyzable problems with solutions.
Horne LLP is an industry leader in Accounting and Business Advisory Services and currently provides service from 13 locations across the US and Puerto Rico. Our Government Services practice is at the forefront of disaster recovery efforts nationwide with one of the most experienced and innovative teams anywhere.
