Senior Data & Applied Scientist

Do you have a passion for Data and Machine Learning? Do you dream of working with customers on their most forward-looking AI initiatives? Does the challenge of developing modern machine learning solutions to solve real-world business problems in the cloud sound exciting to you? You may be the Senior Data & Applied Scientist we have been looking for!

The Commercial Software Engineering (CSE) team is a global engineering organization that works directly with customers looking to leverage the latest technologies to address their toughest challenges and transform their industries using cloud-based solutions. We work in collaboration with Microsoft product teams, partners and open source communities—to empower our customers to do more with the cloud. We pride ourselves on making contributions to open source and make our platforms easier to adopt.

You will be delivering high-impact engineering projects using both open-source and Microsoft technologies, in a community model within our team, and partnering with other engineering and product teams at Microsoft to align the work with our customers’ project goals. You will be working side by side with customers and their developers to build innovative solutions to solve exciting business problems and collaborating with the Microsoft product teams to improve our products, ultimately to make it easier for developers to use Microsoft platforms.

Responsibilities


Responsibilities
Developing and deploying solutions with some of Microsoft’s largest customers for solving business problems using machine (deep) learning and predictive modeling techniques.
End-to-end execution of the data science process: from understanding business requirements, data discovery and extraction, model development and evaluation, to production pipeline implementation.
Providing technical subject matter expertise in OSS and Microsoft AI and Data technologies, ranging from helping our product teams understand our gaps, through to navigating our customers to the right technology choices for their business.
Qualifications


Qualifications

Required Qualifications:
2+ years of real-world experience with machine learning algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, reinforcement learning, dimensionality reduction with expertise one or more application domains of NLP, image processing, time series analysis including some knowledge of the concepts of taking projects to scale in the cloud.
Fluency in English
Preferred Qualifications:
Skilled in Python, experience with Pandas, Scikit-learn.
Experience with agile development practices and Git version control.
Experience with one or more of the DNN frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, Chainer.
Experience with Spark, SQL, Graph stores, or NoSQL stores.
Domain expertise in one or more of financial services, retail, marketing, health care, manufacturing.
Ability to communicate in business and technical settings.
Enjoy travel and comfortable with regional travel up to 20%
MS or PhD in Computer Science, EE, Statistics, Operations Research or equivalent technical field.
At Microsoft we are seeking people who have a passion for the positive impact technology can have on the communities and for making a difference in the world. Within CSE, we have an informal and flexible work environment and you’ll be welcome to work from home, our offices, customer sites– wherever is best for you to get your job done. We invest in your health, wellness and financial future by offering a competitive package including a wide range of benefits built around your personal needs and those close to you.

CSE-FY20

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
