Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Facebook is hiring some of the best technical minds around and we need the best recruiting minds to match our business needs. As a Recruiting Manager, you will develop, drive, and execute on the staffing strategies that support our Software Engineering organizations. You will lead a team of staffing professionals. This individual will know how to manage, mentor, and guide a team of recruiters and/or sourcers through the entire recruiting life cycle while also working closely with our leaders to drive world class recruiting practices and strategy.

Responsibilities:

Onboarding and training new recruiters
Providing mentorship, guidance and career development to members of your team
Ensuring recruiters and/or sourcers are managing to milestones and metrics
Providing innovative, scalable solutions to drive our hiring to meet FB business objectives
Creating innovative sourcing strategies and ensuring a high-touch candidate experience
Partner with Facebook hiring managers to develop a detailed profile of target candidates with data-driven advice on the range of logical possibilities
Identify trends and leverage knowledge, data and competitive intelligence to develop creative, customized sourcing strategies
Lead by example through following, setting or sharing recruiting best practices
Compile, analyze and capture insights from data to support business decisions
Define, design and implement recruiting programs for a variety of Software Engineering positions including understanding and mapping the talent landscape, internal calibration and referrals, and matching those data points with the external talent supply
Mininum Qualifications:

8+ years of recruiting experience
4+ years experience managing a team of recruiters and/or sourcers
Experience managing teams of 10+ direct reports
Experience communicating and working with cross-functional teams
Experience multi-tasking
Preferred Qualifications:

Technical recruiting experience
Experience managing technical recruiters/sourcers
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
