As the worlds number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.
We are a rapidly growing and focused product team building the most popular job site on the planet. Every month, over 250 million people count on Indeed to help them find jobs, make it easy to apply, research companies, and connect qualified candidates to their job openings. With product teams in Austin, Tokyo, Seattle, San Francisco, Singapore and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.

The base salary range below represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Long Term Incentive Plan units, an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.
Austin Area Base Salary Range: 60,000 - 80,000 USD per year

We are building out a new business line at Indeed, focused on providing a frictionless talent agency experience for Job Seekers and workforce optimization for Clients. Keeping with the Indeed mission, this new business puts the Job Seeker first, utilizing software solutions to optimize the sourcing, screening, hiring, onboarding, and time management worker journey. The Recruiting and Support team is critical to recruiting Job Seekers and retaining Workers and Clients. We are looking for someone who is comfortable in a tech start up environment, effective building and managing a large team, rolls with change, and leverages data to make recommendations.

Your role.

In this role youll work on defining, measuring and scaling the success of our product and our internal teams. Youll partner with product, engineering, sales, and leadership to create analysis this drives our business forward. You will work closely with product to define requirements and guide our data analysis strategy.

As a Data Analyst, you will:
Understand your stakeholders objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance.
Turn business requirements into technical requirements
Find and understand the correct data sources for a given analysis
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements including automating manual processes and optimizing data delivery
Shape how our team manipulates and visualizes data
Advocate and strategize ways for our Sales and service groups to move faster and more efficiently
Requirements:
2+ years working in Strategy & Operations, Analytics, Engineering and/or Consulting
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfort presenting to everyone from entry-level employees to senior leaders
Effective communicator who is able to explain technical concepts in a simple way to non-technical audiences
Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes
Experience building and delivering proof of concepts. Strive for simplicity.
2+ Years of SQL. Must have the ability to write complex, highly-optimized queries across large volumes of data
1+ years of solid Python programming skills to create pipelines to cleanse and manipulate data
What we'd love to see (but isn't required):
Previous experience working with Sales data
Experience in a fast paced, rapidly evolving startup environment with the ability to work under pressure and consistently revise approaches in response to new demand
Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs.

View our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/IndeedBenefits

View Indeed's Applicant Privacy Terms: https://www.indeed.com/legal/applicant-privacy
