Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

PayPal customer success team is looking for a talented and highly motivated senior engineer for a technical domain that comprises of customer data analytics and ML/DL models development to support different business use cases

Job Description:

We are looking for a talented and highly motivated senior engineer for a technical domain that comprises of customer data analytics and ML/DL models development to support different business use cases
5+ Years of Experience Desired
Discovering, analyzing, structuring and mining data
Statistical hypotheses validation and model performance analysis
Developing neural network models supporting business use cases
Design and coordinate implementation of DL based solutions for production usage
Deep understanding of data mining algorithms and statistical methods
Experience in successfully applying machine learning to real-world problems
Strong knowledge of Deep Learning frameworks: Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc
Knowledge in python and packages for data analysis (scipy, numpy, pandas, matplotlib)
Proficient in one or more of programming languages Scala, Java, C++
Strong knowledge of extracting and processing data with RDBMS/NoSQL
Experience with one or more Container-ecosystem (Docker, Mesos, Kubernetes) will be a plus
Good communication skills and team player attitude
Experience in Natural Language Processing/Understanding using deep neural networks ( RNN (LSTM, GRU) / CNN) is a plus
Experience in working with GPU, profiling/low-level optimizations, Cuda/CuDNN is a plus
Experience with BigData ecosystem Hadoop, Hive, Spark/PySpark is a plus
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Austin, Texas, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
