Posted: May 11, 2020
Role Number:
200170199
At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. If you are a results-oriented, high-energy individual who is not afraid of challenges, we’re looking for you. Apple is seeking a specialist Data Scientist to join a team passionate about Content Data Science & Analytics for Apple Media Products (AMP), covering the App Store, Apple Music/iTunes, Video and other services. This role will involve working with Internet-scale data across numerous product and customer touch points, undertaking in-depth quantitative analysis and building models to drive strategy. The team’s culture is centered around rapid iteration with open feedback and debate along the way, plus strong collaboration with product, engineering, business, and marketing partners.
Key Qualifications
3+ years of experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst, preferably for an app or digital subscription business. You should have a strong and curious business mindset with an ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action.
Proficient in SQL languages. Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop and Spark preferred, building models for data analytics a plus.
We need familiarity with Python or R and data visualization tools such as Tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis, and presentation.
Experience using relevant statistical packages to build predictive/ML models!
We value familiarity with A/B test experimentation design.
Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail.
We seek someone with excellent time management skills with the ability to lead work to tight deadlines and handle the pressure of executive requests and product launches.
Description
You will dive deep into data to uncover trends identify key insight, and craft machine learning models that will propel the Apple Media content strategy.

You will craft how best to monitor, measure and understand performance!

You will be collaborating with product, business, marketing, finance and executive teams to generate regular presentations for C-level.

You will be partnering with other Apple organizations on data gathering, data governance, evangelizing key performance indicators and democratizing data.
Education & Experience
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or relevant field. Ideally, Masters in related field.
