Position Description

Under supervision of the Data Warehouse Analytics Manager, the Data Analyst applies analytical methods to Harris County Public Health (HCPH) data from a variety of sources and maintains various data files. Assists in provision of data-driven information that contributes to the process of descriptive and analytic information routinely collected and reported regarding program evaluation, occurrence and emerging public health issues in the HCPH jurisdiction and Harris County.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Analyzing Data and Reports
Provides technical expertise in statistical analysis and epidemiological methods and techniques, as well as entering, cleaning, analyzing, and reporting data gathered through the data warehouse platform.
Geocodes data to develop sub-county disease rates and provides mapping to identify transmission patterns and detect possible disease clusters.
Assists with the creation of enterprise reports for HCPH and other forums.
Performs data cleaning and recoding for annual creation of analysis files and assists in the creation of documentation and guidelines for use.
Writes abstracts, presentations, and posters for scientific conferences.
Responds as directed to requests for special reports, data analysis, or presentations.
Demonstrates strong abilities to interpret data, identify trends, establish/utilize benchmark data, and present information in clear, concise, and useful formats, including data visualization and interpretation of information.
Develops, tests, and implements dashboard reporting to provide senior leadership and executive staff, as well as other internal and external customers, with performance data and trend information in an easily accessible and readily understandable format.
Other
Performs other duties as assigned, including special tasks involved in responding to an emergency event.
Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer
https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx
If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in data analytics/science, demography, social science, health services research, biostatistics, applied statistics, epidemiology, or related field; and
Two (2) years of experience performing data collection, analysis, and reporting on social, economic, demographic, and health data in a public health, medical, or hospital setting.
Experience analyzing data using statistical software to calculate mortality or rates, measures of association, confidence intervals, and tests of significance.
Experience in data management, data documentation (e.g. metadata, technical notes, etc.) and data integrity maintenance.
Experience producing data products, translating technical information into easy-to-understand formats (e.g. dashboards or other visualization tools/techniques).
Ability to use business intelligence software such as PowerBI or comparable programs to extract data and analyze complex databases.
Experienced with statistical analysis software (SPSS, STATA, or SAS).
Must have intermediate competence in Microsoft Office software skills.
Intermediate ability to display data and statistics graphically to demonstrate trends.
Valid Driver’s License (Texas upon hire) along with a good driving record required for regular travel between locations.
NOTE: To qualify for this position, required education, experience, knowledge and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration.
Preferences
Master's degree in biomedical sciences, statistics, epidemiology, or related science degree.
Experience in software design, modeling and coding (SQL, PowerBI).
General Information

LOCATION:
Houston
HOURS:
40 Hours per Week
May require periodic overnight, out of county travel, long work hours, or overtime during emergencies and disasters.
SALARY:
Commensurate with Experience
Based on 26 Pay Periods
Additional Information - Core Competencies
Organizational Leadership
Understands the organizational mission.
Understands ethics and public good; is concerned with public trust.
Demonstrates respect for the opinions and beliefs of others.
Collaboration
Demonstrates a sense of responsibility for the success of the group.
Collaborates with others to improve quality and address needs.
Innovation
Ability to adapt to change.
Interpersonal Abilities/Personal Characteristics
Uses sound judgment.
Self-motivated.
Organizes and maintains work environment to allow for maximum productivity.
Communication
Communicates clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing.
Written and verbal English competency.
Able to read and follow directions.
Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to advertised closing date.

BENEFITS
Harris County offers a competitive benefits program, including comprehensive group health and related benefits plan as well as defined benefit retirement plan.
The following list of benefits is offered only to employees in regular (full-time) positions:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Wellness
Life Insurance
Long-term disability
Employee Assistance Program
10 days of vacation each year for the first five (5) years of service. Accrual rates increase based on years of service.
10 county holidays plus one (1) floating holiday
Professional development opportunities
Dependent Care Reimbursement Plan
Healthcare Reimbursement Account
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
The following benefits are also available to regular (full-time) employment and may be available to part-time employees:
Retirement pension (TCDRS)
Flexible schedules (varies by department)
Transportation Assistance (Metro RideSponsor Program)

In accordance with the Harris County Personnel Regulations, Group Health and related benefits are subject to amendment or discontinuance at any time. Commissioners Court reserves the right to make benefit modifications on the County's behalf as needed.
For plan details, visit the Harris County benefits website:
https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/Medical.aspx

01

Do you have a Bachelor's Degree [or higher] from an accredited college or university?
Yes
No

02

If you answered Yes in response to the previous question, which of the following fields of study best relates to your degree in relevance to this position?
Data analytics/science
Demography
Social science
Health services research
Biostatistics
Applied statistics
Epidemiology
Related field
None of the Above

03

Please describe your educational background including the level of education completed, area of study, completed major and minor programs and/or relevant coursework as it relates to this position.

04

Which of the following best describes your verifiable paid experience in performing data collection, analysis, and reporting on social, economic, demographic and health data in a public health, medical or hospital setting?

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be clearly documented on your application's employment history).
Less than two years
Two years, but less than three
Three years, but less than four
Four years, but less than five
Five years, but less than six
Six or more years
I do not have this type of experience

05

Please describe your verifiable experience performing data collection, analysis, and reporting on social, economic, demographic and health data in a public health, medical or hospital setting.

Please include: (a) your role(s), (b) types of organization(s), and (c) scope of duties and responsibilities.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

06

Do you have experience analyzing data using statistical software to calculate mortality or rates, measures of association, confidence intervals and tests of significance?

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history).
Yes
No

07

Please describe your experience analyzing data using statistical software to calculate mortality or rates, measures of association, confidence intervals and tests of significance.

Please include: (a) your role(s), (b) types of organization(s), and (c) scope of duties and responsibilities.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

08

Do you have experience in data management, data documentation (e.g. metadata, technical notes, etc.) and data integrity maintenance?

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be clearly documented on your application's employment history).
Yes
No

09

Please describe what type of experience you have in performing data management, data documentation (e.g. metadata, technical notes, etc.) and data integrity maintenance.

Please include: (a) your role(s), (b) types of organization(s), and (c) scope of duties and responsibilities.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

10

Do you have experience producing data products, translating technical information into easy-to-understand formats (e.g. dashboards or other visualization tools/techniques)?

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history).
Yes
No

11

Please describe what type of experience you have performed in producing data products, translating technical information into easy-to-understand formats (e.g. dashboards or other visualization tools/techniques).

Please include: (a) your role(s), (b) types of organization(s), and (c) scope of duties and responsibilities.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

12

Which of the following describes your level of proficiency using a personal computer and common office software? Please select your level of proficiency based on the following descriptions:

Advanced:
A person with this level of skills is able to produce very large, complex formal documents that require a table of contents, footnotes, endnotes, bookmarks, and other special elements; a wide range of graphic effects, and use advanced techniques for analyzing and manipulating data. Has full mastery of Macro commands and skills to tie the objects together into a cohesive system by using Macros and Visual Basic for Applications code. Makes interactive presentations by using hyperlinks and action buttons.

Intermediate:
A person with this level of skills is able to customize toolbars, import and insert graphs, embed Excel data, and elaborate reports. Understands the concepts of databases and is able to work with charts and to use the list management capabilities of Excel. Able to use complex query techniques, create efficient forms and reports, and create Macros to automate these forms. Makes interactive presentations by using hyperlinks and action buttons.

Basic:
A person with this level of skills is able to use basic formatting, editing, printing functions, and understands the document page setup. Has the ability to enter and correct data, modify a workbook, format a worksheet, and use printing functions. Understands the different database concepts and structures and is familiar with data validation and is able to create a simple
presentation in PowerPoint, run it, and print it.

Entry Level:
A person with this level of skills has the ability to open, create, save and modify documents in Word, send and receive email in Outlook and create spreadsheets in Excel. Format documents for printing, comfortable using the printer menu to preview documents. Has ability to change the font, the margins, insert or delete pages and use the built-in spellchecker and grammar check.
Advanced
Intermediate
Basic
Entry Level
Not proficient

13

Which of the following programs have you used during your employment? Select all that apply
PowerBi
GIS
Metadata
SQL
SPSS
SAS
STATA
StatCrunch
Other
None of the above

14

This position requires a valid driver's license. Upon hire, a Texas license must be obtained by start date.

Do you have a valid driver's license?
Yes
No

15

Please provide your current driver's license number, state and expiration date.

If you do not have a driver's license please enter N/A.

Required Question
