Lead Data Scientist
Job type Permanent – Full TimeLocation Austin, Texas
Description


**US CITIZENS ONLY PLEASE** This role will work on US Department of Defense analysis projects. Due to customer requirements under Bona Fide Occupational Qualification rules, valid applicants must be US citizens.

Clockwork Solutions is seeking a Lead Data Scientist to join our Services team and help us answer some of the toughest questions facing enterprises with strategic, capital intensive assets. In this role you will direct the delivery of analysis services and products in collaboration with other Data Scientists and under the direction of an Engagement Manager.

The ideal candidate is a uniquely qualified analytical problem solver with highly specialized technical skills who can develop and apply simulation-based predictive analyses to investigate intrinsic system complexity in time dependent processes including equipment aging, system-wide interactions and the dynamic effects of operations and maintenance.

This position requires a deep knowledge of applied statistics and expert proficiency in developing new methods to solve problems, modeling and simulation of asset operations, data visualization and analysis, cost and risk evaluation, developing data requirements for mathematical models, software scripting, and operations research techniques. You must also be able to demonstrated experience in statistical analysis, data management, and statistical model design. Exceptional knowledge of software scripting, programming languages, simulation-based modeling and analysis expertise is required.

This is an exceptional opportunity to be a part of the core team responsible for delivering world class solutions to enterprises around the world.

Responsibilities
Works autonomously under the technical direction of an Engagement Manager on client projects and internal projects.
Applies the scientific method to evaluate multi-layered processes, assets and operations with abstract models by applying constraints, assumptions and statistical modeling to extract focused insight that supports client decision-making.
Applies Clockwork’s simulation platforms, design of experiments, conceptual modelling, natural language processing and machine learning to creatively solve dynamic, difficult problems focused on evolving client challenges.
Leads studies in enterprise asset management across the full lifecycle: design, engineering, construction, operations, sustainment, refurbishment, eventual retirement or replacement.
Understand and applies client operations and analytical requirements to deliver both highly specified analyses and guided discovery for evolving analytical needs and follow-on work.
Support client strategic and operational goals by delivering insight to reduce cost, increase readiness, quantify uncertainty, bound risk, reduce waste and add confidence.
Deliver internal and external training as an expert in Clockwork’s simulation platforms and predictive analysis techniques.
Evaluates simulation analysis output to reveal key insights about unstructured, chaotic, real-world systems.
Proposes new or revised analytical methods and projects in the areas of simulation analysis and predictive modeling.
Applies programming languages and modeling platforms to write code that represents complex systems with logic for use in high-resolution predictive simulation models.
Apply statistical methods and simulation modeling to investigate intrinsic system complexity in time dependent processes including equipment aging, system-wide interactions and the dynamic effects of operations and maintenance.
Deliver interim and final reports of simulation analyses to clients and Clockwork leadership.
Approve final technical analysis results to be included in deliverables on consulting contracts.
Develop specifications, statements of work, evaluation criteria, and proposals.
Support the evolution Clockwork’s technical expertise, services and software including participation in product development and testing
Propose new or revised analytical methods and projects in the areas of simulation analysis and predictive modeling.
Support Clockwork’s Business Development efforts.
Support Director of Consulting and Chief Scientist as required.
Advance Clockwork’s strategic technology plan and technology application through collaboration with other Clockwork Data Scientists, Product Development Team, and Clockwork executive leadership.
Assignments include but are not be limited to:
Leading data cleansing and data analysis processes
Leading statistical analysis of historical input data and simulation output data
Constructing simulation analysis models
Developing software to enhance data management tools for use in predictive analysis
Leading the Clockwork study management process
Preparing and presenting interim and final briefings to clients
Requirements
BS/BA with 6 years of experience, MS with 4 years of experience or PhD with 2 years of experience.
Degree fields include Probability & Statistics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, or closely related scientific or technical discipline.
Experience with statistical modeling, machine learning (classification and regression), distribution fitting, design of experiments, numerical optimization.
Experience with SQL, database schema development and best practices, familiarity with any common database technologies (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.)
Experience with scripting or programming language (Python, R, S+, Java, etc.)
Ability to communicate complex ideas through strong technical writing and impactful visualizations
Preferred Experience
Experience in reliability engineering such as reliability analysis, development/execution of RCM program, Condition Based Maintenance (CBM)
Experience in developing, testing and analyzing simulation models
Experience in Agile development environment
Familiarity with data integration and ETL concepts
Occasional travel required (
About our employment opportunities


Clockwork Solutions is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. We are committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, religion, or veteran status.
