Principal Data Scientist
Job type Permanent – Full TimeLocation Austin, Texas
Description


**US CITIZENS ONLY PLEASE** This role will work on US Department of Defense analysis projects. Due to customer requirements under Bona Fide Occupational Qualification rules, valid applicants must be US citizens.

Clockwork Solutions is seeking a Principal Data Scientist to join our Services team and help us answer some of the toughest questions facing enterprises with strategic, capital intensive assets. In this role you will direct the delivery of analysis services and products in collaboration with other Data Scientists and under the direction of an Engagement Manager or VP of Services.

The ideal candidate must demonstrate a profound knowledge of applied math and statistics and possess expert proficiency in developing new methods to solve problems through modeling and simulation, data analysis and visualization, cost and risk analysis, as well as developing data requirements for mathematical models. In addition, you must demonstrate the ability to effectively and efficiently communicate highly technical methods and results to peers, subordinates, managers and customers.

This position requires expert level knowledge and experience in database design, querying, and manipulation as well as exceptional expertise with scripting and programming languages

This is an exceptional opportunity to be a part of the core team responsible for delivering world class solutions to enterprises around the world.

Responsibilities
Works autonomously under the technical direction of an Engagement Manager on client projects and internal projects.
Applies the scientific method to evaluate multi-layered processes, assets and operations with abstract models by applying constraints, assumptions and statistical modeling to extract focused insight that supports client decision-making.
Applies Clockwork’s simulation platforms, design of experiments, conceptual modelling, natural language processing and machine learning to creatively solve dynamic, difficult problems focused on evolving client challenges.
Support client strategic and operational goals by delivering insight to reduce cost, increase readiness, quantify uncertainty, bound risk, reduce waste and add confidence.
Deliver internal and external training as an expert in Clockwork’s simulation platforms and predictive analysis techniques.
Evaluates simulation analysis output to reveal key insights about unstructured, chaotic, real-world systems.
Proposes new or revised analytical methods and projects in the areas of simulation analysis and predictive modeling.
Represents Clockwork in interactions with clients, partners and the professional communities of operations research, modeling and simulation, and logistics.
Applies programming languages and modeling platforms to write code that represents complex systems with logic for use in high-resolution predictive simulation models.
Apply statistical methods and simulation modeling to investigate intrinsic system complexity in time dependent processes including equipment aging, system-wide interactions and the dynamic effects of operations and maintenance.
Deliver interim and final reports of simulation analyses to clients and Clockwork leadership.
Approve final technical analysis results to be included in deliverables on consulting contracts.
Develop specifications, statements of work, evaluation criteria, and proposals.
Support the evolution Clockwork’s technical expertise, services and software including participation in product development and testing
Propose new or revised analytical methods and projects in the areas of simulation analysis and predictive modeling.
Support Clockwork’s Business Development efforts.
Support Director of Consulting and Chief Scientist as required.
Assignments include but are not be limited to:
Research and development of analysis methodologies and the practical application of them
Leading data extracting, cleansing and data analysis processes
Leading statistical analysis of historical input data and simulation output data
Constructing simulation analysis models
Developing software to enhance data management tools for use in predictive analysis
Leading the Clockwork study management process
Preparing and presenting interim and final briefings to clients
Requirements
Minimum of 5 years utilizing data science skills in industrial asset setting.
BS/BA with 10 years of experience, MS with 8 years of experience or PhD with 6 years of experience.
Degree fields include Probability & Statistics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering or closely related scientific or technical discipline.
Strong background in statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, machine learning (classification and regression), distribution fitting, design of experiments, numerical optimization.
3+ years’ experience with SQL, database schema development and best practices, familiarity with any common database technologies (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Hive, Oracle, etc.)
Expert knowledge of scripting or programming language (Spark, Python, R, S+, Java, etc.)
Able to communicate complex ideas through strong technical writing and impactful visualizations
Preferred Experience
Experience in reliability engineering such as reliability analysis, development/execution of RCM program.
Experience with equipment sensor data in a Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) program or setting.
Experience in developing, testing and analyzing simulation models
Experience in Agile development environment
Familiarity with data integration and ETL concepts
Occasional travel required (
About our employment opportunities


Clockwork Solutions is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. We are committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, religion, or veteran status.
