The Data Analyst serves as a resource for business intelligence, performance and operational analysis for Central Health. Under general direction of the Analytics and Reporting Manager, the Data Analyst is responsible for organizing, analyzing and reporting on data from large clinical, financial and enrollment data sets. The Data Analyst will also assist in the design and development of data warehouses, performance dashboards and other systems that support the needs of an integrated network of physicians, safety net providers and hospitals to advance care that is patient centered and data driven.

Collect and document business requirements for reporting and analysis initiatives with customers.
Perform quantitative and/or qualitative data analysis and prepare results to share with internal and external customers.
Aid in design and development of data warehouse/data mart applications.
Interact with IT Team and Business Units to interpret dashboard requirement specifications and assist in the development and implementation of dashboards for the CCC.
Undertake complex data integration activities.
Utilize SQL or other advanced analytic tools to perform data extract and query functions.
Identify and troubleshoot data anomalies and irregularities.
Prepare written and oral reports that communicate necessary information to internal and external customers.
Produce and streamline as needed ongoing monthly, quarterly and annual reports in support of CCC.
Willingness to learn and work with Business Intelligence (BI) tools for extracting and compiling data.
Become a data subject matter expert (SME) and understand various sources and applications of CCC data.
Performs other duties as assigned.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Use of statistics to solve problems and perform moderately complex data analysis.
Experience understanding and writing SQL queries in various environments.
Experience developing and troubleshooting programming code (e.g. SQL, SAS, STATA, R).
Demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects with varying deadlines.
Compliance with data confidentiality and security procedures.
Perform complex operations in Microsoft Office Suite, with an emphasis on Excel and Access.
Ability to write and speak clearly, easily communicating complex ideas as indicated by audience.
Knowledge of healthcare, including medical claims coding, relationships between health plans, providers, and payers, a plus.

MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s degree in related field required, Master’s degree preferred.
1-3 years of experience with data management and statistical analysis.
Proficiency in using SQL for database queries.
Experience in a health or healthcare field.
Experience using statistical analysis software such as SAS, R, or STATA is desirable but not required.
Any equivalent combination of education and/or experience may substitute.
