Job Title: Junior Data Analyst
Employer: Santanna Energy Services
Department: Finance
Location: Austin, TX
Reports to: Sr. Financial Data Analyst
Effective Date: 06/01/2020

Applicants preferred to reside within the Austin metropolitan area to be considered for this position.

Applicants must complete the requested assessment in order to be considered for this position.

Authorization to work in the U.S. is required to apply. Santanna does not sponsor applicants for work visas.

Summary: The Jr. Data Analyst will support the corporate accounting and finance departments by maintaining and enhancing the technical systems that produce, execute, and manage financial and accounting operational processes. The analyst will work at the juncture of business and IT, using technical skills in coding and analysis to build and maintain processes for clients in accounting and finance. These processes access, generate, transform, and transmit data that is critical to Santanna’s short and long term operations and financial health. It is therefore critical that the analyst possess outstanding technical and analytical skills, problem-solving tenacity, superior attention to detail, and the ability understand and resolve both technical and business questions with ease.

Responsibilities:
Monitor operational processes to ensure process integrity and timely response to any deviations.
Respond to requests from accounting, finance, IT and other client groups as needed for regular periodic and ad hoc data feeds.
Liaison between the financial analysis and client groups as needed to identify and resolve issues.
Respond to client requests for data analysis: review, test and execute process code and data inputs to provide answers about process results.
Respond to client requests for process enhancement: review process code and implement solutions to provide improvements as needed.
Compile and combine data from multiple sources to provide comprehensive analyses and solutions.
Create custom queries and analysis reports
Write clean, well-documented SQL code
Identify opportunities for improvement of existing processes and design and implement improved workflows.
Seek opportunities for efficiency improvements and implement enhancements to improve process performance.
Document processes and keep documentation updated.
Design, build and manage process monitoring and logging systems
Create and maintain operational dashboards that enable system status tracking.
Recommend actions by analyzing and interpreting data and processes and making comparative analyses.
Protect operations by keeping financial information confidential.
Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related tasks as needed.
Minimum Qualifications/Requirements:
BS degree with a technical or business major, such as computer science, math, finance, or accounting, with a demonstrated proficiency and interest in the other.
3+ years’ SQL experience in business environment, or 1-2 year with demonstrated competence and desire to master the language. SQL Server and SSMS experience preferred.
1+ years’ experience VBA or other programming language
Advanced knowledge of Excel, experience with macros strongly preferred
High comfort level with Microsoft Office applications
Familiar with software development cycle
Outstanding analytical skills
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Strong quantitative aptitude
Strong logical reasoning skills
Ability to think ahead and anticipate issues before they arise
Strong language skills with excellent oral and written communication
Business acumen to be successful
Problem-solving grit and perseverance
Desire to strengthen current skills and develop new ones
Excellent interpersonal communication and problem-solving skills
Self-driven, proactive attitude with strong multi-tasking ability
Intellectual curiosity and superior attention to detail
Competencies:

Ethics - Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values.

Integrity - Iron clad. Does not ethically cut corners. Earns trust of co-workers. Puts organization above self-interests.

Customer Service - Manages difficult or emotional customer situations; Responds promptly to customer needs; Solicits customer feedback to improve service; Responds to requests for service and assistance; Meets commitments.

Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions.

Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.

Analytical - Synthesizes complex or diverse information; Collects and researches data; Uses intuition and experience to complement data; Designs workflows and procedures.

Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information.

Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others’ views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone’s efforts to succeed.

Customer Focus - Monitors client satisfaction (internal or external). Establishes partner relationship with clients. Visible & accessible to clients.

Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner; Reacts well under pressure; Treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; Accepts responsibility for own actions; Follows through on commitments.

Physical demands and work environment:
Occasionally required to stand
Occasionally required to walk
Continually required to sit
Continually required to utilize hand and finger dexterity
Occasionally required to bend, stoop
Continually required to talk or hear
While performing the duties of this job, the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate
The employee must occasionally lift and /or move more than 5 pounds
Specific vision abilities required by this job include: Close vision; Distance vision; and ability to adjust focus
The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or physical requirements. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
VBA or other programming language: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Preferred)
Microsoft office and Excel macros: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Austin, TX (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
What are your salary requirements?
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
https://santannaenergyservices.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
