Posted: Mar 18, 2019
Role Number:
200045663
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Internet Software and Services is responsible for delivering state of the art Internet applications like the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music and iCloud that are used by hundreds of millions of users every single day across the globe. Our team protects Apple services and customers from fraud and abuse through a combination of threat modeling, data analysis, and machine learning.

We are seeking a machine learning engineer with a dedication to turn the huge amounts of data generated by these applications into feature improvements that improve customer experience. You will have a bent for applied research with expertise in anomaly detection, predictive modeling, classification and optimization. You will take pride in designing, developing, and deploying algorithms that have direct impact on services that Apple provides to customers. The role requires broad knowledge of machine learning and the software engineering expertise to develop and deploy highly scalable algorithms.

We urge engineers to stay abreast of machine learning research by attending conferences and working with academic faculty and students. We cultivate a collaborative work environment, but allow solution autonomy on projects.
Key Qualifications
Strong working knowledge of machine learning algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms, and anomaly detection
Strong programming skills in Scala, Java, Python, or similar language
Experience working with SQL, Spark, or Hive preferred
Excellent social, written, and verbal communication skills
Confidence working independently and making key decisions on projects
Industry experience preferred but exceptional fresh graduates may also apply
Description
Our team is responsible for tackling fraud, abuse & account security problems across Apple’s Internet Software and Services. You will work hand-in-hand with other engineers, program managers and business partners to identify problems, define solutions, execute plans, measure and communicate results on a regular basis.
Education & Experience
Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics, or equivalent professional experience.

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
