OnlineMedEd is focused on making adult learning as efficient and effective as possible. We improve learning by delivering personalized and adaptive experiences for users and institutions. Part education, part tech, we have strong traction in every medical school throughout the country and 200k+ MAUs in 191 countries worldwide.

We are looking for a full-time Data Analyst - People Analytics to join our people operations department and support our growing team. They will work with the Chief Executive Officer to support performance management through comprehensive systems and practices designed to strengthen company culture and employee well-being.

What youâll do:
Formalize and manage employee success programs such as life-long learning, volunteering, and coaching
Establish and monitor culture KPIs to evaluate program effectiveness with a focus on visibility and continual improvement and visibility.
Integrate and extend the people analytics tech stack to support current systems
Optimize people operations programs and their company-wide knowledge through documentation and training
Work with team members and managers to facilitate technical understanding of cultural KPIs and their importance to the bottom line of the business
Qualifications you'll need:
5+ years of data analytics experience, particularly in program evaluation and improvement
1+ year in a people operations / HR role
Expertise in building reports and dashboards to assess and monitor people performance
Comfort in pooling data sources and conducting data analyses (SQL, R, Python etc)
Data-driven mindset and comfort with reporting and making recommendations based on results
Demonstrated documentation prowess
Proven ability to communicate across departments and with leadership
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field
Skills that will help:
Highly organized, self-motivated, and comfort managing multiple concurrent assignments with shifting priorities
Professional, personable, flexible personality with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced creative environment
Detail-oriented with a bias for performance
Experience coaching and training employees
SHRM or PHR certification
Graduate degree preferred
What we offer:
Salary range: $70,000-$90,000 DOE
Autonomy. Do good work, donât worry about meddling. Weâre focused on results, not managing every step.
Opportunity. Learn and grow while making a competitive salary.
Versatility. Work across a suite of products that interact with a diverse group of users.
Attitude. We want good people to do great work. When and how you do it is up to you.
OnlineMedEd also provides extensive industry-forward benefits including: full enterprise-level health, dental and vision insurance; unlimited as-you-need-it vacation; flexible work from home days; volunteering opportunities; snacks and beverages in the office; fitness stipends; and funding for professional development.

Learn more about our company and culture on AngelList and Glassdoor.

References may be requested if you are a final candidate for the position. OnlineMedEd is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Powered by JazzHR
