Job Overview


Wargaming North America is looking for Live Operations Data Analyst to join our Live Operations team. In this role, you will be the go-to person for data and analytics in Wargaming North America publishing department.

What you will do?
Provide data and analytic support for WG North America Liveops, Publishing and Marketing departments: Service-Sided Events (SSE), Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Player Relationship Management Platform (PRMP), Marketing Campaigns.
Use historical data to identify and suggest business growth opportunities.
Build automated Tableau dashboards to track Wargaming NA publishing activities.
Interact with regional Product Groups to build yearly and monthly product forecasts.
Be the key person in NA region for data-related requests.
Collaborate with Wargaming Business Intelligence (WGBI) and regional analysts to scale successful data products globally.
Support marketing campaign analysis in coordination with Liveops and Marketing Analysts.
Drive community and social media analysis for NA Publishing, particularly with YouTube and Twitch.
Conduct ad-hoc research for WG publishing units.
Liaise with HQ and regional data owners to standardize information and reporting.
Contribute to Wargaming BI network to build a common knowledgebase and share best practices.
What are we looking for?
1-3 years of experience in analytics
Knowledge of SQL
Knowledge of Tableau or similar data visualization tool
Knowledge of Excel
Fluency in English
What additional skills will help you stand out?
Experience building ETL process
Business mindset
Excellent soft skills
Knowledge of Wargaming games
About Us


Wargaming is an award-winning online game developer and publisher headquartered in Nicosia, Cyprus. Delivering legendary games since 1998, Wargaming has grown to become one of the leaders in the free-to-play MMO gaming industry with 4500+ employees and more than 20 offices globally. Over 200 million players enjoy Wargaming's titles across all major gaming platforms, including the massively popular World of Tanks and World of Warships.

Working in our company means always having interesting challenges and gaining valuable experience while working with top-class experts.

Take your place among our passionate and experienced team and bring out the best in yourself at Wargaming! .

Please see Wargaming Candidate Privacy Policy for details on how Wargaming uses your personal data.
