At a glance:
Are you an experienced engineer passionate about supporting data operations by gathering and processing raw data at scale?
Can you commit to a position measuring the quality, integrity, accuracy and completeness of data used in company-wide solutions?
Do you desire a competitive salary with lucrative benefits and a focus on professional development?
Our company:

At Spectrum Enterprise, our goal is to foster an engaging work environment that encourages our team members to reach their full potential. We promote a culture of excellence that celebrates diversity, innovative thinking and dedication to consistently exceeding client expectations.

Spectrum Enterprise, a part of Charter Communications, Inc., is a national provider of scalable, fiber technology solutions serving Americas largest businesses and communications service providers. The broad Spectrum Enterprise portfolio includes networking and managed services solutions: Internet access, Ethernet access and networks, Voice and TV solutions. Spectrum Enterprises industry-leading team of experts works closely with clients to achieve greater business success by providing solutions designed to meet their evolving needs. More information about Spectrum Enterprise can be found at enterprise.spectrum.com.

Highlights:

As a Data Engineer II, you enhance operations for reporting, applications and data science by gathering and processing raw data at scale. You focus on maintaining scalable, reliable, consistent and repeatable systems that efficiently provide data for company-wide operations. You excel at profiling data to measure quality, integrity, accuracy and completeness. You deliver effective data solutions through the development, testing and implementation of code and scripts.

You maximize the department by developing data set processes for data modeling, mining and consumption. You have cultivated a keen ability for identifying roadblocks and overcoming obstacles to see your projects completed on time and within budget. You flourish in an office environment collaborating with teams across Spectrum Enterprise. You report to the Manager, Network Engineering for goals, guidance and assistance.

Position benefits:

Competitive Salary with Bonus
Health, Vision and Dental Insurance
100% Company Match 401(k) up to 6%
Company Funded Retirement Accumulation Plan for an additional 3%
Education Assistance
Pretax Child Care Spending Account
Paid Holidays, Vacation Days, Personal Days and Sick Days
Employee Discount on Spectrum Services Where Available
What you will do:
Drive company-wide excellence through active and consistent support of all efforts to simplify and enhance the client experience.
Support data operations for reporting, analytics, applications and data science by creating and maintaining scalable, reliable, consistent and repeatable systems.
Drive data operations processes through the collection and processing of raw data at scale, including writing scripts, web scraping, calling APIs and writing SQL queries.
Maintain, improve, clean and manipulate data using extract, transform and load (ETL) processes.
Profile data to measure quality, integrity, accuracy and completeness.
Improve department processes by implementing tools, scripts, queries and applications for ETL and data operations.
Deliver solutions by developing, testing and implementing code and scripts.
Produce reports and uphold data delivery schedules for senior leadership to leverage.
Maximize the department through the management of multiple data source lifecycles.
Increase delivery speed of data by implementing workflow automation solutions.
Perform additional duties related to the position as assigned.
Required keys for success:
One or more years of experience as a Linux, Unix or CentOS system administrator
Two or more years of hands-on experience with RDMNS, SQL, scripting and coding
Intermediate knowledge of coding and scripting using Python, R or shell scripts
Extensive experience with SQL, Tableau and ETL techniques
Background in Linus and CentOS installation and administration
Knowledge of data storage that demonstrates the correct use of a file system, relational database or NoSQL variant
Track record of effectively using Spark and Hadoop
Detail-oriented with the ability to effectively prioritize and execute multiple tasks
Passion for learning new techniques, methods and concepts regarding data
Interest in learning programming languages
Effective written and spoken English communication skills with all levels of an organization
How you will stand out from the crowd:
Familiar with JavaScript API, Rest API or Data Extract APIs
Experience with data workflow or data preparation platforms, such as Infomatica, Pentaho or Talend
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service
History of working with data virtualization concepts and software, such as Denodo, Teiid and JBoss
Track record of receiving, converting and cleansing data
Able to work with visualization or BI tools, such as Tableau
Your education:
Bachelors Degree in engineering, computer science or a related field (required)
