Since our founding in 2009, weve relentlessly worked toward a vision of a future powered by Phunware. We spend our days obsessing over how best to design, build, launch, promote and support branded apps that engage, compel and delight the worlds most discerning audiences. For over a decade, weve helped Fortune 5000 businesses throughout the mobile app lifecycle with data-backed decisions at every step.

Everything You Need to Succeed on Mobile Transforming Digital Human Experience

Phunware, Inc. (NASDAQ: PHUN), is the pioneer of Multiscreen-as-a-Service (MaaS), an award-winning, fully integrated enterprise cloud platform for mobile that provides companies the products, solutions, data, and services necessary to engage, manage and monetize their mobile application portfolios and audiences globally at scale. Phunwares Software Development Kits (SDKs) include location-based services, mobile engagement, content management, messaging, advertising, loyalty (PhunCoin & Phun) and analytics, as well as a mobile application framework of pre-integrated iOS and Android software modules for building in-house or channel-based mobile application and vertical solutions. Phunware helps the worlds most respected brands create category-defining mobile experiences, with more than one billion active devices touching its platform each month.

If you share our passion for innovative mobile app experiences and dream of a world empowered by seamless, one-to-one interactions, we want to hear from you. Get in touch with us todayour Phamily always has room for one more!

Job Summary:

Phunware is seeking a Data Engineer with hands-on experience creating, deploying and optimizing large-scale data systems.

The ideal candidate will bring strong technical skills and be proactive, responsive and very comfortable dealing with ambiguity. He or she will also bring good experience with Big Data systems/technologies and have a strong track record of deployment, maintenance, and optimization of production code.

The ideal candidate is someone who combines an understanding of business processes with knowledge of both client and server-side technical requirements in mobile software projects. They will put the customer first, quickly build strong relationships, learn rapidly, and enjoy autonomy and problem-solving. They must be a gifted leader with a genuine passion for working with high-performance teams, extraordinarily organized., and have a strong work ethic. Additionally, the position may require travel both domestically and internationally.

What Youll Do:
Create robust, high-volume production systems/architectures, and develop prototypes quickly
Work with development teams to design maintenance and support strategies
Create optimized workflows using relevant technologies (Spark, Elastic Search, Kafka, Oozie, Hadoop)
Create architectural workflows, diagrams, and specification documents to help define platform features/functionality
Perform experiments and analyze results to improve the performance and quality of algorithms
Work with product management and executive stakeholders to take detailed requirements and implement them using Agile Test Driven techniques
Work in an organized team-oriented environment with shared responsibilities
What Youll Bring:
Bachelors Degree or higher in Computer Science or Computer Engineering; Masters Degree preferred
Have previously worked in Big Data technologies and deployed in production environment
Strong experience in building highly scalable, available and responsive systems using open-source software tools and technologies
5-10 years of professional software development
5-8 years strong Java development experience
Good experience with REST API frameworks
Strong SQL skills
1+ years of professional software development experience with some of the big data technologies including: Spark, Map Reduce, Hive, HBase, Hadoop, Kafka, Impala, Cassandra
Experience in Elastic Search is highly desirable
Some experience with one or more of the following will be an added advantage: statistical analysis, machine learning, natural language processing, predictive modeling
Domain experience in one or more of the following:
Outstanding skills for interacting with people
Responsible, organized and hardworking with excellent communication skills
Must be living in the Irvine, CA or Austin, TX area or be able to immediately relocate
Desirable:
NoSQL or similar DB design/implementation experience with large number of records (i.e. 1 Billion+)
Experience with information retrieval, network programming and/or developing large software systems
Experience with cloud delivery platforms, ideally Amazon
Experience doing Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration (CI) and test automation
Open-source software contributions
Track record of success in a start-up or high-growth environment
Compensation and Benefits:
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Flexible paid time off
Competitive salary
Restricted Stock Units
Full range of benefits, including 401(k), medical, dental and vision coverage
Candidates for this position must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future.
