Newormics is a company based in Austin, TX offering advanced microfluidic devices for high-throughput and high-content screening of small model organisms and 3D tissue organoids. The microfluidic-based technology was developed in the Ben-Yakar Lab at The University of Texas at Austin.

When you join Newormics, you will be part of an innovative, enthusiastic, smart, and driven team that shares a passion for applying their technologies to life science. Our vivoChip® technology is currently reaching out to C. elegans researchers around the globe to make significant contributions to the international scientific work.

We are currently seeking a Research Scientist for our team. This person will support the development of our high-throughput neurotoxicology screening assays and commercial screening services.

Essential Functions:
Develop and test high-throughput screening (HTS) assay protocols
Perform large scale culturing and strain maintenance of model organisms
Integrate liquid handling systems in the HTS workflow
Perform HTS assays of test and reference chemicals and compounds
Analyze data and prepare technical reports summarizing experimental results
Follow existing SOPs, make modifications as necessary and document changes, and author new SOPs for novel techniques.
Work with engineering team to provide testing and evaluation data on device prototype performance and provide feedback on how to improve future device design iterations
Participate in the preparation of peer-reviewed publications.
Required Qualifications and Skills:
Ph.D. in a relevant biological science (e.g. neuroscience, molecular biology, cell biology, biomedical engineering, or related field) or B.Sc./Master’s with 3-5 years of relevant experience
Experience in basic biology protocols including culture, freeze, and maintenance
Experience working with advanced microscopy
Strong biology experience (either in cell-based assays or model organisms)
Demonstrated ability to formulate and solve problems, data analysis, and report writing
Desirable Skills:
C. elegans biology and culturing
Knowledge of advanced biomedical tools, such as microfluidics or laboratory automation including liquid handling systems and advanced imaging
Experience of assay development with cell or animal biology
Working Conditions:
Standard biology, biochemistry, molecular biology work in a wet laboratory
Microscopy work in dark room environment
Must be comfortable working with bio-hazardous materials and chemicals provided proper safety equipment
Regular 40-hr work week with non-standard night and weekend work as required to complete deliverables
Some travel may be required to attend conferences and trade shows
The position will be open until filled. If you are interested send a cover letter with your resume.

Job Type: Full-time

COVID-19 considerations:
Job will be mainly be remote till conditions allow. Some essential onsite work may be necessary with PPE used and social distancing and maximum occupancy observed.

Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Location:
Austin, TX 78752 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends required
Overtime
Other
Company's website:
www.newormics.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
