The Zebra, named a Best Place to Work in Austin four years running, is revolutionizing how connected consumers research and shop for insurance. We’re a purpose-driven company looking for a Product Manager, Data Science to personalize our product experience and build data driven solutions to optimize our business. You’ll work with stakeholders, data scientists and engineers to translate business goals into creative technical solutions. Your expertise will enable the Data Science team to build high-quality data products for strategic initiatives, automating key decision points within our product.
WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Build consensus to establish a shared vision and strategy for the Data Science - Data Products team
Translate that vision and strategy into your roadmap and prioritize features for highest impact and fastest time-to-market
Define metrics and KPIs we will use to measure the success of the features your team builds
Develop an expert level understanding of our data to drive solutions that will result in increased user engagement and business optimization
Work closely with stakeholders, data science, engineering, and QA teams to enable an efficient, collaborative, and high-quality product development process
Anticipate potential issues, necessary points of integration, and needs beyond the basic product requirements (E.g., proactively advocate for larger technical solutions vs. one-off solutions when appropriate)
Provide thorough, actionable specs, define user stories and requirements, and think through edge cases to help the data science team deliver high quality products
Remove roadblocks for the data science team quickly, addressing all questions and needs for on-time delivery
Acceptance test features to ensure they meet business requirements and fit within the product vision
Become an expert in how our products and components interact with each other
REQUIREMENTS / QUALIFICATIONS:
2+ years product management experience
3+ years professional experience working with business-focused stakeholders and data teams planning the work of data scientists on data & analytics related projects for B2C digital companies
Experience in creating, defining, and implementing a data science strategy
Very strong interpersonal and communication skills to drive cross-department alignment to the overall strategy
Organized and self-managed, creating processes and implementing measures of success
Detail-oriented and self-sufficient, able to find creative solutions and build something from scratch
Understanding of data science and hands on analytical skills (SQL, Data Science tools and workflow)
Expert understanding of the data science project workflow (research, data exploration and cleaning, model building and training)
Motivated to become an expert in their product area in order to best serve business needs and create effective solutions
EXPERIENCE THAT WILL IMPRESS THE HECK OUT OF US:
Startup experience
A/B Testing Experience
Data Scientist experience working on a product team
Proven track record of delivering machine learning models into production
A background in insurance or financial services industries
Experience working with a data team for a web-based fintech or insuretech marketplace
BENEFITS + PERKS:
Competitive Compensation & Stock Option Offering
Health, Dental, Vision & Disability Coverages
HSA offering + employer contribution
Unlimited PTO + flexibility to enjoy it
Paid Parental Leave Program
Commuter Benefits (up to $100/month)
Wellness perk ($100/month)
Learning & Development Stipends
Onsite Full Service Barista
Wednesday Catered Lunch + Fully Stocked Fridges
Opportunity to join Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) or drive our diversity & inclusion stance by creating your own
Join a team that truly lives their values, and values their lives (outside of the office. Cliche, we know… but we really mean it)

ABOUT THE ZEBRA:

The Zebra is the most comprehensive online car insurance comparison platform in the U.S. Since 2012, the company has brought transparency and simplicity to car insurance shopping — “car insurance in black and white.” The Zebra compares over 200 car insurance companies, and with its real-time, side-by-side quote comparison tool, drivers can easily and quickly find the coverage, service level, and pricing to suit their unique needs.

Headquartered in Austin, Texas, The Zebra has garnered the attention and investment of some of the nation’s top venture capitalists, and the company’s success has been profiled in publications like Inc., Time, Forbes, and TechCrunch. Austin Business Journal named The Zebra a Best Place to Work in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018. Austin American-Statesman also awarded The Zebra as a Top Workplace in 2016, 2017 and 2018.

The Zebra is aiming to grow our fantastic team to add to our dynamic culture and continue building on our success. Working at The Zebra means never being bored, always being challenged, and supporting one another. We’re a happy, hardworking group, and we’re eager to add “new stripes” who share those values.

The Zebra is an equal opportunity employer and “at will” company.

As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, The Zebra provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Zebra complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

The Zebra expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of The Zebra's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

**No external recruiters or agents, please.**
