Do you love identifying patterns and anomolies, and digging into the data to understand what shapes the story behind those metrics? Do you enjoy uncovering differences by industry, business model or region? Do you find market shifts superbly interesting, and always look for the case study on how those shifts impact businesses across the broader spectrum? Then you will love this Business Analyst job opening at TalentCare!

In this work-from-home position, you will enjoy the autonomy of managing your day-to-day work priorities while interacting with an inquisitive and unconventional team of problem solvers. You will have a report designer to support your efforts, and work directly with senior and executive leadership on a regular basis. Plus, leverage a proprietary database with over half a million profiles, millions of activity metrics, and a robust business intelligence tool to support your analyses.

While we are all remote (and always have been), we are a close-knit and collaborative team. We love to experiment and challenge ourselves to see things from new perspectives, with the ultimate goal of making talent acquisition easy. Your Business Intelligence insights will drive operational service delivery, product selection and even product development. Apply today!Business Analyst job responsibilities include:
Uncover the story behind the data and help internal stakeholders understand why and how it matters for their clients, teams, or processes
Define business requirements by gathering input from relevant stakeholders and translate into data specifications
Communicate insights and recommendations to client management team
Coordinate with report designer to ensure data accurately answers key business questions
Leverage existing or assist in the development of new reports
Identify when client data varies significantly from industry benchmarks and alert appropriate teams
Business Analyst qualifications:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Mathematics, Data Science, MIS or similar
4+ years experience in a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, Business Intelligence Analyst or similar role
Proven ability to lead the development or refinement of dashboards, visualizations and reports to elegantly and simply answer complex business questions
Personable, down-to-earth, and the ability integrate well into a team of witty colleagues
