ASU Job Title
AZ Transfer Sys Anlst

05-Jun-2020

Department Name
HR Office of Human Resources

Campus/Location
Off-Campus: Phoenix

Job Description

AZTransfer is seeking a strong candidate who will support and prepare data analysis and reporting for business decision-making, strategic planning, and process improvement using various methods and techniques within the ASSIST database. The Arizona State System for Information on Student Transfer (ASSIST) is a relational database containing enrollment and degree information on students attending Arizona’s public universities and community college districts.

Requisition ID
60968BR

Working Environment
Work is performed in a standard office environment.
In state travel may be required.

Background Check Statement
ASU conducts pre-employment screening for all positions which includes a criminal background check, verification of work history, academic credentials, licenses, and certifications. Employment is contingent upon successful passing of the background check.

Minimum Qualifications

N/A

Department Statement
AZTransfer operates the Arizona Transfer System, the statewide articulation and transfer system, that includes the Articulation Task Force network that is the foundation of the Arizona Transfer System, and the tools and resources to ensure faculty, staff, and students have access to transfer information from anywhere in the state. The components of the system work together to help students plan a seamless transfer without loss of academic credit. Additional information can be found at aztransfer.com.

Category
ADM

VP Code
EVP BUSINESS & FINANCE

Scope of Search
Open

Desired Qualifications
Evidence of a Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Information Systems, Business Information or a related field and three (3) years of related administrative/data analysis experience, OR, any equivalent combination of experience and/or education from which comparable knowledge, skills and abilities have been achieved.
Experience working with SQL relational databases, preferably Sybase or MySQL.
Experience in collecting, organizing, synthesizing and analyzing data; summarizing findings; developing conclusions and recommendations.
Evidence of effective written and verbal communication skills.
Experience in using database query languages like SWL, and software such as Aqua Data Studio and Hyperion Intelligence/Brio.
Demonstrated knowledge of data collection and analysis methods, techniques and reporting strategies.
Demonstrated knowledge of data management and information technologies.
Experience in quantitative data analysis and interpretation.
Experience in visual/graphic display of data.
Experience managing workload priorities and coordinating multiple projects for self.
Experience in accurately and reliably interpreting data for determining appropriate action.
Ability to work collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders and build relationships with new and existing partners.
Skill in using education vocabulary, tact, discretion, and judgement.
Experience and familiarity with colleges and universities is desired.
Close Date
Open until filled

Grant Funded Position
This is not a grant funded position and is not contingent on future grant funding.

ASU Statement

Arizona State University is a new model for American higher education, an unprecedented combination of academic excellence, entrepreneurial energy and broad access. This New American University is a single, unified institution comprising four differentiated campuses positively impacting the economic, social, cultural and environmental health of the communities it serves. Its research is inspired by real world application blurring the boundaries that traditionally separate academic disciplines. ASU serves more than 80,000 students in metropolitan Phoenix, Arizona, the nation's fifth largest city. ASU champions intellectual and cultural diversity, and welcomes students from all fifty states and more than one hundred nations across the globe.

ASU is a tobacco-free university. For details visit www.asu.edu/tobaccofree

AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni are encouraged to apply.

Arizona State University is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by law.

Notice of Availability of the ASU Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
In compliance with federal law, ASU prepares an annual report on campus security and fire safety programs and resources. ASU’s Annual Security and Fire Safety Report is available online at https://www.asu.edu/police/PDFs/ASU-Clery-Report.pdf. You may request a hard copy of the report by contacting the ASU Police Department at 480-965-3456.

Relocation Assistance – For information about schools, housing child resources, neighborhoods, hospitals, community events, and taxes, visit https://cfo.asu.edu/relocation-services.

Full-Time/Part-Time
Full-Time

Essential Duties

Under the direction of the AZTransfer Executive Director and the ASSIST Steering Committee, the Data Programmer/Analyst will:
Collect, analyze and interpret institutional data for research projects related to transfer students, academic achievement results, and student tracking.
Develop procedures for collecting, analyzing, and reporting data relative to current and projected student enrollments.
Produce and disseminate reports to stakeholders.
Develop and maintain databases using data warehousing.
Securely collect, cleanse, standardize, transform and store data from various sources ensuring data integrity.
Provide information and/or advice on using the statewide database.
Provide research and research design assistance to committees, administrators and faculty.
Maintain liaison with educational institutions whose research involves or affects the AZTransfer project.
Establish policies and procedures for research projects.
Participate in the planning and organization of AZTransfer conferences related to the research function.
Make oral and written presentations on research.
Prepare or coordinate preparation of reports; analyze and interpret statistics, financial data, and management planning data for developing long-range plans.
Develop and maintain databases used to generate information for management decision making.
Assist in the development of measurements and metrics for data analysis used for business decision-making, planning, and process improvement.
Employment Verification Statement
ASU conducts pre-employment screening which may include verification of work history, academic credentials, licenses, and certifications.

Fingerprint Check Statement
This position is considered safety/security sensitive and will include a fingerprint check. Employment is contingent upon successful passing of the fingerprint check.

Salary Range
$70,000 - $75,000 per year; DOE

Instructions to Apply

AZTransfer operates the Arizona Transfer System, the statewide articulation and transfer system, that includes the Articulation Task Force network that is the foundation of the Arizona Transfer System, and the tools and resources to ensure faculty, staff, and students have access to transfer information from anywhere in the state. The components of the system work together to help students plan a seamless transfer without loss of academic credit. Additional information can be found at aztransfer.com.

Applicants should send cover letter, resume and the names and telephone numbers of three professional references who are able to speak to the qualifications listed above to: hr@azregents.edu or the Arizona Board of Regents, 2700 North Central Avenue, Suite 400, Phoenix, Arizona 85004. The review of applicants will begin on June 30, 2020 and posting will remain open until filled.

Resume should clearly illustrate how prior knowledge and experience meets the Minimum and Desired qualifications of this position.

The Arizona Board of Regents does not pay for travel expenses associated with interviews, unless otherwise indicated.

Job Title
Data Programmer/Analyst

Job Family
Information Technology
