Summary
*** Remote opportunity or possible relocation assistance to Minneapolis MN. ***

What if there was a different way of looking at money? A way that says it’s not how much we have that makes us happy—but what we do with it. For over 100 years, Thrivent has been helping members see money for what it really is—a tool, not just a goal—that can help us live more content, confident and generous lives.

Thrivent is undergoing a growth transformation, and we are building out a Data Office to help focus on data, analytics and big data. This is a great opportunity to join a Fortune 500 and not-for-profit organization that gives you a great sense of purpose!

As a full-time Data Engineer you will work closely with the Data Architect as they provide guidance and vision so you can develop, construct and maintain the data architecture for the enterprise data professionals. You will work with large scale data processing systems that collects data from a variety of structured and unstructured data sources, stores data in a scale-out data lake and prepare the data using ELT techniques in preparation for the data science data exploration and analytic modeling. Communication is key in this role as you will work with users of all levels across the organization.
Job Description
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Oversee and direct efforts to identify information and technology solutions that enable business needs and strategies.
Own and define DevOps pipelines and release management for data engineering
Apply business knowledge and experience to effectively advise others on technology as an enabler.
Lead efforts to analyze IT industry and market trends and determine potential impacts.
Develop concepts and constructs necessary to create technology-enabled business systems.
Influence technology direction and provide thought leadership and execution to large complex efforts.
Utilize breadth of technical understanding and dive deep when necessary.
Consult on and manage initiatives to ensure alignment across multiple business and IT areas.
Proactively mitigate risks across multiple assets, information domains, technologies and platforms.
Provide leadership, mentoring and technical guidance to others to drive initiatives.
Facilitate communications that involve obtaining cooperation and agreement on issues that may be complex or controversial.
Utilize negotiation and persuasion to come to agreement and to effectively form partnerships.
Act as a change agent to continuously improve and move the organization forward.
Accountable to successfully deliver the right results on initiatives in a timely and effective manner.
Direct the work of others to lead initiatives that cross multiple assets, technologies, platforms, departments and vendors.
Ability to work within a diverse team of skillsets and experience levels to deliver results.
Required Job Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in MIS, Computer Science, Mathematics, Business, or related field.
10+ years of experience in Technology related field including 3+ years prior lead experience.
Expert knowledge of predictive analytics, statistical modeling, advanced mathematics, data integration concepts, business intelligence and data warehousing and implementing large systems
Implement and configure data platforms including but not limited to Hadoop, Spark, Kafka and batch integration is preferred.
Working Experience developing data processes with Java, Python, R or other scripting languages preferred.
You don’t need to be Christian to join our team. You do need the passion to guide our members to be wise with money, equipping them to live more content, confident and generous lives. Thrivent provides an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) without regard to race, religion, color, gender, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, sex, genetic information, or any status or condition protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. This policy applies to all employees and job applicants.

Thrivent provides Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) without regard to race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law. This policy applies to all employees and job applicants.

Thrivent is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation, please let us know by sending an email to human.resources@thrivent.com or call 800-847-4836 and request Human Resources.
