You…

As a Data Engineer you will work with the application and data science teams to support the development of custom data solutions.

Us…

We were founded as a fresh alternative in the Government Consulting Community and are dedicated to the belief that results are a product of analytical thinking, agile design principles and that solutions are built in collaboration with, not for, our customers. This mantra drives us to succeed and act as true partners in advancing our client’s missions.

Program Mission…

The project you will be working on is an existing cloud-based information technology infrastructure to host mission systems, applications, services, and data. While the current environment exists as an enterprise enabling platform, the end state of the environment is to enable Army leaders at every echelon to make fully informed, data driven decisions, based on authoritative and/or production data sources. Our approach is to transform legacy applications to be cloud native and reside on a Platform as a Service (PaaS). Additionally, modernize current applications by breaking them down into loosely coupled micro-services, and leveraging a continuous integration / continuous delivery pipeline to enable an agile DevOps Strategy.

What we'd like to see...
Capable of supporting rapid iterations of feature engineering with the development of coding solutions to enrich existing data sets.
Experience with traditional, modern, and cloud native database solutions.
Support the database design, development, implementation, information storage and retrieval, data flow and analysis activities.
Translate a set of requirements and data into a usable database schema by creating or recreating ad hoc queries, scripts and macros, updates existing queries, creates new ones to manipulate data into a master file.
Support development of databases, database parser software, database loading software, and database structures that fit into the overall architecture of the system under development.
Current IAT I Certification (A+ CE, Network+, CCNA, SSCP).
Desired Skills:
Works with considerable freedom to make decisions on the techniques and approaches to be used.
Prepares recommendations for system improvement for management and user consideration.
Years of Experience: 3 years of experience or more

Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other closely related discipline

Clearance: Active Secret Security Clearance Required
