Job Description
AUSTIN DATA SCIENCE RESIDENT (DSR)
THIS POSITION IS RESERVED FOR FORMER STUDENTS AND GRADUATES OF GALVANIZE IMMERSIVE PROGRAMS
Being a Data Science Resident (DSR), you would be at Galvanize Part-Time (29 hours per week). You will solidify your new skills by helping students in the classroom while going through the curriculum again. Your primary responsibilities will involve supporting students, answering questions, and helping them when blocked on daily exercises, case studies, and capstone projects. In addition, you may update curriculum, prepare and deliver lectures, meet and interview prospective students, attend DSI information sessions, and generally help as needed with the Data Science Immersive program.
As part of the Residency program, you will receive dedicated mentorship from our expert instructors and faculty to cultivate your development as a data scientist. This is a 13-week temporary position based on cohort schedules.
Austin Rates: For 29-hours of work/ week, the stipend is approximately $1,015/ week ($35 an hour) for 13-weeks. *(Approximate because stipend depending on actual days worked.)
Typical DSR Weekly Classroom Responsibilities
Grow significantly as a data scientist through professional instruction and self-study in the concepts and tools you haven't yet mastered
Help students on the floor during the classroom exercises
Help students with Capstone projects
Answer Help Desk Tickets (Live Online Office Hours)
Build new/iterate on current curriculum
Review current students code and grade tests (assessments)
Attend weekly team meetings (Fridays at 11:00am)
Take attendance
Release Monday assessment and morning/afternoon lab solutions
Run afternoon stand-downs
Provide office hours during solo week
Application Process for Data Science Residency
1st screen: Peer nominations, assessments, classroom experience, and application.
Interview: Conversation with an instructor and program lead on your goals in the Resident role, coding, statistics, and machine learning.
EEO
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
