Under the supervision of the Regulatory Services Data Analytics (RSDA) Director or designee, the Data Analyst IV performs highly complex (journey-level) data collection, reporting and analysis to monitor, evaluate and increase efficiencies for Foster Care Litigation (FCL) activities and initiatives for Child Care Licensing (CCL), within the Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC).The Data Analyst works with the program areas to explore different aspects of a system (people, policy, and processes) to determine why particular areas are performing well or have opportunities for improvement.The position acts as a liaison between RSDA and stakeholders. The Data Analyst crafts concise, comprehensive technical and non-technical reports to present and interpret data, identify alternatives, to make recommendations for process improvement, and to develop solutions to monitor and implement data quality.The Data Analyst will provide guidance to colleagues and is a contributor in a complex and crucial data analytic environment. This position has moderate latitude for use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions:Data Analysis and Visualization: Work involves conducting detailed analysis of data sets, including monitoring and ensuring data quality, to be used as input for performance dashboards and reports. Compiles, queries, and loads data points using SQL and other query languages, into databases, from a variety of source formats, to support complex analyses. Cleans and prepares data, as necessary, to produce data required for data visualization software products and develops dashboards as a result. 35%Reporting: Assists in the development and implementation of effective analytic techniques and review methodologies for evaluating and monitoring activities and initiatives related to CCL Foster Care Litigation. Prepares comprehensive standard and ad-hoc reports, including court-ordered reports and other reports for internal and external audiences. Extracts multiple report products. Develops report mock-ups and drafts for discussion and approval. Ensures accuracy of data included in reports. 30%Coordination: Customer Service Focused. Utilizes strong communication skills to explain CCL business processes and to negotiate for information and resources needed to ensure successful Foster Care Litigation initiatives. Act as a liaison to other areas to ensure resources are aligned with CCL Foster Care Litigation and CADS department priorities. Coordinates with Program subject matter experts to ensure accuracy of reporting tools, workflows and reporting procedures. 10%Data Quality/Integrity: Establishes and updates data quality metrics, recommending and implementing improvements to data quality associated with processes. Ensures data integrity by identifying data gaps, errors, anomalies, inconsistencies, and redundancies in the content, structure, and relationships within data; coordinates with stakeholders to improve data quality. 10%Identifies and Implements Improvements: Provides suggestions regarding systematic changes that will improve the collection of data and align data infrastructure with business needs. Provides routine updates on the status of projects and initiatives. 10%Infrastructure Support: Consults and provides requirements for the development and implementation of databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies to optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Assists in the evaluation of RSDA analytic activities to ensure Program reporting requirements are met. 5%Knowledge Skills Abilities:Knowledge of data analysis techniques and best practices.Knowledge of, or strong aptitude to learn, CCL and Foster Care Litigation data.Knowledge of data quality and integrity processes.Knowledge of the principles, practices and techniques of database and application design, development and structure.Skill in complex analytic work, identifying trends, concerns, recommending opportunities for improvement as well as areas of excellence.Skill in using SAS and other query languages.Skill in using Extract, Transform and Load tools.Knowledge of and experience with reporting and visualization tools.Skill in communicating to both technical and non-technical audiences.Ability to work on a team, and to be flexible and creative with data demands.Ability to plan, organize and conduct data analytic projects.Ability to develop and interpret data charts, maps, and tables.Ability to interpret and publish data analytic findings.Ability to exercise independent judgment and show initiative.Ability to maintain detailed and organized documentation of data analytic projects. Registration or Licensure Requirements:N/AInitial Selection Criteria:Graduation from an accredited 4-year college or university with major coursework in a social science, business analytics, statistics or related field. Master's Degree preferred. At least four years of work and deep experience with data analytics, data science, data compilation and/or reporting work. Experience with Health and Human Services data, is preferred. Experience and education may be substituted for one another. Additional Information:A successful candidate must desire to dedicate their skills, talents and abilities to serve and protect the most vulnerable Texans. This position requires the selected candidate to be excited to be a part of a team of highly-skilled, capable and motivated individuals. The Analyst must be able to engage with a variety of people across the agency, to build strong relationships and to find creative solutions.Applicants may be required to complete a written exercise to demonstrate knowledge, skills and abilities.This position will promote and demonstrate appropriate respect for cultural diversity among coworkers and all work-related contacts.This position will work in accordance with agency leave policy, and perform other duties as assigned and required to maintain unit operations.You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interviewMOS Code:Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 35M, ITS, 781X, 6049, 8850, 2RX1, 65WK. For more information see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx.HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
