Description USI is seeking an experienced Data Sciences Program Manager. Must have experience planning, estimating, organizing, staffing, and executing projects at scale to include multiple, distributed teams. Must have a total of 8 years or more of intensive and progressive experience in supervising and managing substantive application software development or implementation projects, including at least one cloud migration, implementation, or support contract. Responsible for organizing and coordinating the planning and production for all the client deliveries within a reasonable span of control and assigned project. Ensure the team completes all task assignments within estimated periods and budget constraints. Responsible for scheduling and assignment of duties to team members. Conducts direct coordination and collaboration with client personnel and assigned functional and technical staff. Provides support to services delivered under the contract to ensure, to the maximum extent practical, that software and related products satisfy the requirements and needs of the client organization. Actively applies quality assurance measures to the performance of the contract. Must be familiar with both traditional waterfall (e.g. PMP) and Agile delivery methods in order to manage multiple project teams and milestones. Must have a minimum of 10 years relevant work experience and a Bachelor of Arts/Sciences (BA/BS) degree from an accredited college or university in a business-related discipline. Requirements Job Qualifications/Skill Requirements: • Must have a SECRET clearance • Bachelor's Degree or higher from an accredited college or university in a business-related discipline • Minimum of ten (10) years of experience in a DoD or Government position in a comparable capacity and role • Ability to develop executive-level briefing materials, administrative, and logistics support • Ability to develop strong working relationships within teams and across the organization • Excellent oral and written communication skills, including experience presenting to multiple audiences (e.g., technical, non-technical, and executive-level) • Creative thinker; strong analytical and interpersonal skills
