As the worlds number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.
We are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. Every month, over 250 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. With engineering hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.

The base salary range below represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards include quarterly bonuses, Long Term Incentive Plan units, an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.

Austin Base Salary Range:

Software Engineer I: 90,000 - 112,000 USD per year

Software Engineer II: 116,000 - 142,000 USD per year

Senior Software Engineer: 116,000 - 142,000 USD per year

Staff Software Engineer 3: 138,000 - 174,000 USD per year

Principal Software Engineer: 172,000 - 218,000 USD per year

Technical Fellow: 199,000 - 261,000 USD per year

If you are an engineer who's passionate about building innovative products that scale to tens of millions of page views a day, Indeed is looking for you. Indeed offers smart developers like you a complex development ecosystem with short release cycles. Every week sees the new release of multiple products that meet the growing needs of millions of jobseekers worldwide.

As a Senior or Staff Software Engineer at Indeed, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining APIs for estimating job outcomes and setting ad budgets for small to medium businesses. You will design and implement pipelines that create datasets to train and evaluate learning models and work closely with the data scientists developing these models.

Indeeds SMB sponsored jobs product serves millions of users in helping them achieve their hiring goals. As part of a small collaborative team of engineers, data scientists, and product managers, you will develop new, scalable, low latency, fault-tolerant backend services. You will provide guidance on product and technical direction and own operational excellence of your deployed services.
Requirements
5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java or Python
5+ years of experience with developing backend APIs in a data-driven environment
5+ years of experience building applications using at least one of the following web application technologies: HTML, CSS, or Javascript
5+ years of experience with databases such as: My SQL, Mongo, or a similar program
BS in Computer Science/Engineering or other technical related degrees.
Experience mentoring junior engineers
Experience conducting and leading code reviews
Significant experience with large scale, high-performance systems
Experience impacting a product or project in a tangible, positive manner

Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs.

View our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/IndeedBenefits

View Indeed's Applicant Privacy Terms: https://www.indeed.com/legal/applicant-privacy
