We Are Hiring

Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) - Lab Hematology Anc 001 - Full-Time, Rotating - Seton Medical Center Hays - Kyle,TX

Work Schedule- Must be able to work Days, PM and rotating weekends and holidays

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension Seton, based in Austin, Texas, is a faith-based non-profit healthcare system founded in 1902 by the Daughters of Charity. Called to be a sign of Gods unconditional love for all, Ascension Seton strives to expand access to high-quality, low-cost, person-centered care and services. Ascension Seton operates more than 100 clinical locations, including four teaching hospitals which serve as training sites for Dell Medical School at The University of Texas.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Seton Family of Hospitals-TX, you will have the opportunity to perform routine diagnostic and analytic testing of laboratory specimens independently.

Responsibilities:
Performs, validates, interprets, documents and reports laboratory test results. May collect and process specimens.
Performs instrument maintenance and troubleshooting. Executes and evaluates quality control and quality assurance procedures. Documents and reports as required by regulatory agencies.
Understands and participates in all aspects of clinical laboratory testing; pre-analytical, analytical, and post-analytical. Anticipates and maintains required supplies for uninterrupted testing.
Assists with data collection or special projects as assigned.
Assists in documentation, evaluation and submission of all required laboratory, departmental and staffstatistics/reports.
Assists in training and mentoring MLTs, new associates and students.
What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:

Required Credential(s):
One or more of the following:
Medical Technologist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC)
obtained within 12 Months (1 year) of hire date or job transfer date.
Certified
Medical Lab Scientist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC)
obtained within 12 Months (1 year) of hire date or job transfer date.
Medical Tech credentialed from the American Medical Technologists (AMT)
obtained within 12 Months (1 year) of hire date or job transfer date.
Education:
Diploma
Bachelors degree in medical technology, medical laboratory scientist, human sciences or education qualifications as stated per CLIA requirements
Work Experience:
None required.
Bachelors in Clinical Laboratory Science or related field.
Registered with the American Society for Clinical Pathologists (ASCP_BOR) or American Medical Technology (AMT).
Prefer at least one year of experience in a hospital laboratory with blood bank experience.
Equal Employment Opportunity

Seton Healthcare Family is an equal employment opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local equal employment regulations and laws. It is the policy of the Seton Healthcare Family to afford equal employment opportunities to all employees and prospective employees without regard to their race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic or status that is protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all personnel actions, such as hiring, promotion, transfer, demotion, termination, layoff and all other conditions and privileges of employment in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
Affirmative Action goes beyond the concept of equal employment opportunity. Affirmative Action policies and programs are required to overcome the present effects of past discrimination and to achieve equal employment opportunity for members of groups that are or have been formerly under-represented. Affirmative Action policies and programs are tools whereby additional efforts are made to recruit, employ and promote qualified members of formerly excluded groups, even if that exclusion cannot be traced to particular discriminatory actions. Through specific and result-oriented activities, Seton Healthcare Familys goals are to ensure that every person is given full consideration through equal employment opportunity policies and practices and to achieve a representative workforce through its affirmative action efforts.
It is further the policy of the Seton Healthcare Family to encourage vendors, contractors, affiliate institutions and others doing business with the Seton Healthcare Family to observe the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action.
Seton Healthcare Family is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the EEO is the Law poster:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.
