Overview


ProSphere is seeking an experienced Data Engineer to assist in strategizing, designing, continually improving and operating an existing Department of Army Government client’s cloud-based information technology infrastructure to host mission systems, applications, services, and data. This is full-time position that can be located in Austin, TX, National Capital (DC) Region, Redstone, AL, Detroit, MI, Natick, MA, Orlando, FL along with the possibility of telework options. Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Responsibilities


• Works with application and data science teams to support development of custom data solutions. • Capable of supporting rapid iterations of feature engineering with the development of coding solutions to enrich existing data sets. • Experience with traditional, modern, and cloud native database solutions. • Support the database design, development, implementation, information storage and retrieval, data flow and analysis activities. • Translate a set of requirements and data into a usable database schema by creating or recreating ad hoc queries, scripts and macros, updates existing queries, creates new ones to manipulate data into a master file. • Support development of databases, database parser software, database loading software, and database structures that fit into the overall architecture of the system under development.

Qualifications


• Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or other Scientific/Technical discipline and • 3 years of related data engineering work experience. • Must meet IAT-I requirements as specified in DoD 8570.01-M (A+ CE, CCNA-Security, CND, Network+ CE, SSCP)• U.S. Citizenship (Government Requirement)• Must have an active Secret Clearance

Qualifications Highly Desired• U.S. Army or Army Future Command experience • Former Military

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities• Well organized• Superior attention to detail• Exceptional multi-tasking skills• Demonstrated and verifiable ability to recruit, develop, support, and maintain high performing teams

Physical Demands


• Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time • Typical office environment. Ability to sit and stand for extended periods of time; ability to lift 5-20 lbs

ProSphere offers full-time employees a comprehensive and competitive benefits package including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, health insurance, life insurance, military leave, training, tuition reimbursement, a wellness program, short- and long-term disability, 401(k) retirement plan with company matches/immediate vesting, commuter benefits, and more.It is ProSphere’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
