Job Functions, Duties, Responsibilities and Position Qualifications:

Position Summary: Responsible for managing day to day operations of the Customer Service, Patient Records and Exception Handling departments. Responsible for oversight of personnel including training, evaluation, and documentation of performance. Maintains departmental operating policies and procedures to include departmental programs, quality assurance and safety. Maintains departmental expenses and productivity as budgeted.

Principle Responsibilities:
Hires and directs department supervisors in the performance of their duties.
Oversees interviews of all prospective applicants for department
Oversees supervisory departmental general orientation and training of employees
Ensures competency testing and performance appraisals are performed on employees in a timely manner
Oversees employee counseling when indicated in accordance with CPL and departmental policies
Ensures staff utilization effectively through scheduling and work assignments.
Ensures areas of responsibility are current and in compliance with regulations, required documentation, policies and procedures.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Oversees and maintains the following departmental programs
Oversees maintenance and revisions of departmental policies and procedures as needed
Develops and maintains departmental quality assurance and quality control programs, taking corrective action when indicated.
Follows and enforces all safety policies
Assists with continuing education programs within the laboratory
Utilizes the following tools to manage departmental resources
Maintains expenses within a budgeted variance
Identifies and recommends items for capital purchase
Monitors departmental productivity with call monitoring software
Utilizes technical skills and abilities to provide quality customer service
Ability to competently resolve customer issues
Performs miscellaneous duties and/or special projects as assigned
Communicates with laboratory staff and its clients to ensure quality patient care.
Maintains and supports a service oriented relationship with its customers.
Respects and maintains the confidentiality of information relative to clients and patients.
Responsible for maintaining a positive work environment.
Oversees continuing education of staff
Performance evaluation and compensation for department supervisors
Scope: Promotes quality relations and creates a supportive climate by serving as a role model. Respects and maintains the confidentiality of information relative to the laboratory. Adheres to and enforces prescribed laboratory safety policies and regulations. Works independently with minimal direction. Functions as a liaison between the laboratory, the laboratory customers and other departments within CPL. Operates general laboratory equipment, including but not limited to: telephones, computer keyboards and CRT. Effectively communicates via written, verbal, face-to-face, telephone and computer methods.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree or Associate degree in a laboratory science or medical technology program with a minimum of ten years’ experience in a clinical laboratory science A minimum of five years of supervisory experience

Skills: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret technical reports. Ability to write accurate and concise clinical documents, memos, and required correspondence. Ability to collect and analyze data using statistical methods. Ability to communicate effectively at all levels within the laboratory and with laboratory customers.

Reporting Relationship:

Reports to the Vice-President of Quality Improvement and Risk Management.

Positions managed – Client Services Supervisors, Exception Handling Supervisor, Patient Records department

Physical Requirements: Requires light to medium lifting and carrying of objects weighing up to 50 pounds. Requires manipulation of tools, objects, and equipment using the following physical motions: pushing, pulling, lifting, reaching above shoulder height, grasping with both hands, pinching with thumb and forefinger, twisting with hand and wrist, climbing under, lifting up, lifting down, and reaching under. Routinely requires coordination of two or more physical operations. Routinely requires visual discrimination of color, size, shape, and motility.

Environmental Demands: Works in temperature controlled environment with minimal exposure to biological and chemical hazards. May be required to operate fire and safety equipment or follow other safety procedures in an emergency situation. May be required to work with time constraints and in crisis situations.

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Work Shift:

Company:

Clinical Pathology Laboratories, Inc.

Sonic Healthcare USA provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
