Senior Behavioral Scientist – 100% Remote or Round Rock, TX

About Business Unit:

Dell's Voice of Customer Intelligence is looking for a forward-thinking individual with a background in leading human-centered behavioral research (consumer or otherwise), applying advanced statistical analysis, and partnering with teams to drive action. Highly skilled in custom experiment design using new digital data collection technologies, this researcher draws upon intrinsic observational skills and understands decision-making and psychology.

If you are enthusiastic about exploring the human-technology relationship, balanced research, as well as passionate about driving human progress fueled by discovery then join our team.

You will help uncover needs, explore motivations, and build intelligence to drive digital customer experience and product strategy working with multi-disciplinary teams. This is an exciting opportunity to collaborate on large-scale solution development, conceptualize and lead new initiatives. Appreciating the unique challenges of working with both system and human-generated data – attitudinal and behavioral, quantitative and qualitative, proactive and passive. Can visualize data and simplify concepts in order to deliver insights that resonate with audiences at all levels.

Responsibilities:
Consult with diverse, cross-functional internal stakeholder groups to identify opportunities, develop problem statements and understand context to inform research strategies.
Participate in discovery meetings, brainstorm sessions and theory discussions.
Perform background research, define data and technology requirements for advanced analysis.
Gather, develop and manage large development data sets from multiple data sources.
Enhance design of research methods with deep behavioral concepts and frameworks.
Essential Requirements:
10+ years of Behavioral Research background with Masters (PhD a plus) in Psychology, Behavioral Economics, Sociology, Cognitive Neuroscience, or a relevant field.
Experimental design knowledge; statistics, sampling, bias control, randomization, variance reduction.
Deep understanding of behavioral science philosophies and latest in cognitive and social psychology.
Experience in designing and implementing qualitative and quantitative technology-based research.
Data management and collection, dataset construction, database query (SQL) and statistical programming package proficiency (R, STATA, SAS or Python).
Desirable Skills:
Digital product management and development process understanding (Agile, CI/CD, Lean, etc.).
Experience applying research in a product development setting.
Familiarity with online (digital) behavior study methodologies, tracking data and data collection tools.
Digital experimentation tools experience; point-and-click tools for A/B testing (e.g., Adobe Target).
Data visualization / integrated statistics tools experience (Microsoft Power BI, Domo, Qlik, D3.js, etc.).
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps organizations and individuals build their digital future and transform how they work, live and play—providing customers with the industry’s broadest and most innovative technology and services portfolio. We value our customers, winning together, innovation, results and integrity. Grow your career with a highly competitive salary, bonus programs, world-class benefits and unparalleled learning and development opportunities— all at a company that is proud to be diverse and inclusive. Learn more on how we are closing the diversity gap here.

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Employment Opportunity Policy here.
