The Texas Association of Counties (TAC) is seeking a qualified person for Enterprise Architecture & Data Analytics Manager position. Primary responsibilities are as Enterprise Architecture - This role is responsible to lead and coordinate all aspects of the Texas Association of Counties’ (TAC) Enterprise Architecture (EA) program, including: (1) business architecture; (2) information architecture; (3) solutions architecture; (4) technical architecture; and (5) security architecture. Required to enable TAC’s future-state business capabilities by supporting its organizational strategic goals to drive targeted business outcomes through the choice of programs, projects and initiatives. As Data Analytics - This role is responsible for design, development and implementation of robust and scalable enterprise data solutions to support TAC’s initiatives for data and analytics. Manages TAC’s enterprise-wide reporting and analytics architecture to support all lines of business and business decision making. Oversees TAC’s overall reporting strategy and day-to-day team management.

The Enterprise Architecture & Data Analytics Manager will be expected to:
Leads the development, implementation and coordination of TAC’s Enterprise Architecture (EA) program, including: (1) business architecture, which is focused on guiding people, business process and organizational change; (2) information architecture, which is focused on the consistent sharing of information across the enterprise; (3) solutions architecture, which is focused on developing a direction for managing the portfolio of to-be solutions; (4) technical architecture, which is focused on evolving the technical infrastructure; and (5) security architecture, which is focused on managing IT risk through the exchange of information between people, systems and other internal and external factors.
Manages, coaches, and supervises assigned departmental staff providing software development of BI/Analytics/EA solutions to support transformational enterprise projects and capability enhancements. Sets and measures performance objectives and provides regular one-on-one feedback to all members of the team, including training and professional development.
Partners with the Information Technology Services Division (IT), TAC management, internal stakeholders, and vendors to effectively support TAC’s business objectives and work closely with internal teams to ensure alignment of TAC’s technology roadmap and execution strategy to meet organization and business goals.
Executes and manages initiatives assigned by TAC management, including cross-functional team leadership, emerging projects supporting business needs, and cross functional system integration.
Maintains a high level proficiency for emerging Business Intelligence (BI) solutions, application development technology and Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) methodologies. Provides support to existing systems and maintain internally developed solutions, including Affordable Care Act Reporting and Tracking System, Pooled and ASO Group Stop Loss and Billing Application.
Provides oversight and team leadership for projects delivery involving a variety of technologies and ensures that the implemented solutions align with and support business strategies and requirements. Promotes a division culture and attitude that is proactive and focuses on client satisfaction.
Required to develop, define, manage, and be accountable for the data and advanced analytics environments supporting TAC's functional reporting solutions, including making recommendations about the future landscape of application development and enhancements, BI and data solutions.
Develops ETL (extract, transform and load) processes, creates and modifies EDW and data marts for reporting, analysis and data synchronization.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Experience / Education Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, information technology, management information systems or related field required. Master’s degree in computer science or management information systems preferred.
A minimum of 10 years’ experience with enterprise data warehousing, solution delivery, architecture, vendor management, business intelligence, reporting, analytics and managing enterprise IT applications, including design, implementation, delivery, troubleshooting and change management required.
A minimum of five years’ experience implementing and integrating enterprise architecture principles and best practices required.
Experience with Agile/Scrum development methodologies required.
Other Skills & Abilities
Knowledge in one or more of the following technologies: SQL Server, Oracle, Business Objects, Power BI, and Tableau (or similar business intelligence tools), ASP.NET, C#, Microsoft Lightswitch, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Visual Studio, IBM Cognos and Crystal Reports.
Knowledge of full-life cycle data warehousing, data exchange, data integration, data quality, data security, and BI tools including various ETL/ELT and architectural principles of data integration and data warehousing.
Strong analytic and big picture capabilities in problem solving approaches that result in the successful delivery of tangible outcomes with significant business value.
Position requires excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and the ability to relate to persons with a variety of cultural, economic and educational backgrounds including the ability to present and effectively communicate to executive-level staff.
Strong interpersonal, customer relationship/partnership and influence skills to facilitate the implementation of efficient business processes supported by technology across all departments, including effectively leading change, originating ideas and championing and gaining commitment.
Position requires excellent leadership skills, including team building, mentoring and focus under pressure and the ability to consider upstream and downstream process impacts and implications.
Must demonstrate strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills in evaluating situations, making recommendations and taking prompt, effective corrective action including the ability to develop and maintain detailed project plans that include milestones, tasks, and target dates of completion.
Position requires a high degree of professionalism, confidentiality, and courtesy in representing the department, both internally and in its contacts with members and vendors.
Excellent time management and prioritization skills required. Must be highly organized and pay attention to detail.
Please send cover letter, salary requirement and resume. No phone calls, please.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
https://www.county.org/
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/TexasCounties
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
