KUNGFU.AI helps companies establish their AI strategy, develop custom solutions, and transform around artificial intelligence. We believe in a practical approach where executing proven techniques creatively on narrow use cases creates transformation in aggregate.

The Vision: Democratize AI
From the largest companies to technology startups, data and artificial intelligence drive their competitive advantage. They are building better products and transforming business models to disrupt markets. The future economy is built on data, led by those who make the fastest, most informed decisions. In the new economy, fortune favors the nerds.
And yet, the majority of companies don’t know where to start. We are on a mission to democratize artificial intelligence.

This position sits at the cutting-edge of machine learning and software engineering. You will be responsible for designing and developing AI and machine learning applications for our growing client base. You should have strong programming skills and professional experience in one or more of the following areas:

- AI and Machine Learning
- Computer Vision
- Natural Language Processing
- Data Science
- Deep Learning

You will join a team of experienced engineers and entrepreneurs bringing practical AI solutions to the market.
Your responsibilities will include:
Designing and developing machine learning models
Running machine learning tests and experiments
Evaluating new techniques and making technical recommendations
Running numerous experiments in a fast-paced and fun environment
Mentoring junior machine learning engineers to improve their technical skills
What we'd like to see:
Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
5+ years of industry experience in machine learning or related field.
Programming experience with Python, Java, or C++.
Hard working with a proven ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines.
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to get along with engineers at all levels.
KUNGFU.AI Culture
We are committed to building an inclusive culture that’s professional and hardworking, while also fun, collaborative and open. We are proud to be the first company to take The Startup Diversity and Inclusion Pledge. We actively encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. We believe that a diverse workforce fosters more creative ideas, conversations, and results. We also believe in using AI for Good in both our client projects and our corporate philanthropy, where we dedicate time to work on pro bono projects for the greater good.
We value passion, courage, and original thinking.

You should take ownership over the things you build and be eager to learn new skills.
You should have a passion for teamwork and making others around you successful.
You should be a self-starter and have a strong work ethic.
We are an early stage company, so you should be ready to do whatever is needed.

What’s in it for you:
This is a full-time position based in Austin, TX.

Compensation includes competitive salary, company stock grant, profit sharing, top (‘gold’) level of health, dental and vision insurance (KUNGFU.AI covers 100% of your premiums and 50% for any dependents), health and dependent flexible spending accounts, life insurace, 401(k), short- and long-term disability insurance, unlimited vacation (that you're encouraged to take), paid parental leave, free parking near our downtown office and more.

If this opportunity gets you fired-up, we can’t wait to meet you! Please send your resume along with a cover letter explaining why you’re passionate about the idea of joining KUNGFU.AI and a great fit for this role.
