Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have working knowledge of software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Must have experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development are highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Excellent technical verbal and written communications skills are critical. A demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
