Position Description:

This position serves as the primary product data analyst within The Home Depot Pro Customer Experience / B2B organization. Responsible for keeping team projects on-task and within expectations of project timelines. Works with leadership to prioritize projects and own deliverables. Primary point of contact for product data quality, presentation and promotions for the merchandising category on Home Depot Pro digital / online platforms. Develops and maintains the day-to-day relationships to support data initiatives online.

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES
30% - Business Acumen: Subject matter expert for assigned product category online. Learn and report on best practices, industry standards, and legal requirements associated with assigned projects.
30% - Data Analysis: Measure ongoing effectiveness of programs against metric targets. Develop and execute ongoing enhancement/optimization strategy based on measured performance and customer feedback. Trouble shoot and problem solve for ongoing operational needs as they arise
25% - Project Management: Responsible for category product data projects and status reporting SKU collection and maintenance, product cross merchandising online, product presentation, etc. Responsible for prioritizing projects, tasks to ensure deliverables and goals are met or exceeded. Coordinate integrated teams from one or more external agencies or functional organizations supporting managed initiatives.
15% - Effective Communication: Ability to author clear, concise end user/training materials for processes, build presentations and deliver to a wide variety of stakeholders.
NATURE AND SCOPE
This position reports to the Manager or Senior Manager.
This position has 0 direct reports.
ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS
ENVIRONMENT:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
TRAVEL:
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

ESSENTIAL SKILLS:

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
EDUCATION REQUIRED:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.
YEARS OF RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE: 0 years
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree preferred
3+ years of previous work related experience preferred
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite
Working knowledge of Tableau
Working knowledge of analytical/statistics software (e.g., SPSS, SAS, R, Stata)
Demonstrated ability to collaborate and work effectively with cross-functional teams
Ability to develop and apply advanced mathematical/statistical techniques
Ability to draw accurate conclusions from financial documentation
Demonstrated project management skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES AND COMPETENCIES:
Action Oriented: Taking on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm
Collaborates: Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
Communicates Effectively: Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences
Customer Focus: Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
