Data Analytics BI Engineer
Remote for client based in Jacksonville, FL
Long term contract

Job Description
We are looking for a Business Intelligence (BI) Developer to create and manage BI and analytics solutions that turn data into knowledge. In this role, you should have a background in data and business analysis. You should be analytical and an excellent communicator. If you also have a strong business acumen with problem-solving aptitude, we’d like to speak with you.

Essential Functions:
Translate business needs to technical specifications
Design, build and deploy BI solutions (e.g. reporting tools)
Maintain and support data analytics platforms (e.g. MicroStrategy)
Create tools to store data (e.g. OLAP cubes)
Conduct unit testing and troubleshooting
Evaluate and improve existing BI systems
Collaborate with teams to integrate systems
Develop and execute database queries and conduct analyses
Create visualizations and reports for requested projects
Develop and update technical documentation
Job Requirements:
Experience delivering business intelligence solutions
Experience with OLTP and OLAP database models
Good analytical and problem-solving skills
Fluent in relational database concepts and flat file processing concepts
Must be knowledgeable in software development lifecycles/methodologies i.e. agile as strong presentation and collaboration skills and can communicate all aspects of the job requirements including the creation of formal documentation
Database Technology: SQL Server, Netezza, Hadoop, Cloudera
Knowledge of SQL queries, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
ETL Technology: SSIS, DataStage, Talend, CRON scripting, Perl
BI Technology: SSRS, SSAS, Tableau, MicroStrategy
Proficient Intime series analysis, clustering, decision trees and neural networks
Strong problem solving, time management and organizational skills
Required Experience:
5+ years in an advanced analytical or data science role
5-8 years of Professional experience as a BI Developer or data scientist
Reporting Development, SQL Databases, Converting reports from legacy systems to new systems
Front end/back end database project experience
Required Education:
Related Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.g. specialization: Machine learning/Artificial Intelligence /Visualization, databases, and Big Data), Statistics, Epidemiology, or closely related field with Data Science specialization or additional related equivalent work experience
Preferred Experience:
React/Node. JS Environmental experience (building out reports within a React UI environment)
Expert in creating SQL Data Marts and high performing reporting structures
Expert in working with healthcare data
Big Data experience
SSAS Tabular Services experience
Additional skill set would be Highly Preferred:
UI React environment and Node.JS, and the PowerBI Development. Candidates who have worked with developers on projects using Node and React will be needed because of the reporting development that will occur on upcoming projects
Reporting Development, SQL Databases, Converting reports from legacy systems to new systems
Front end back end database project experience
