We Are Hiring

Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) - Freestanding ER Dept 001 - PRN, Rotating - Freestanding ER Arlington - Jacksonville,FL

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension St. Vincent’s, based in Jacksonville, Florida, has served the people of Northeast Florida and Southeast Georgia since 1873. It is home to the largest cardiovascular program between Atlanta and Orlando. From its humble beginning to its current status as a regional healthcare system, Ascension St. Vincent's is widely recognized for delivering quality, compassionate care.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with St. Vincent's HealthCare-FL, you will have the opportunity to perform routine diagnostic and analytic testing of laboratory specimens independently.

Responsibilities:
Performs, validates, interprets, documents and reports laboratory test results. May collect and process specimens.
Performs instrument maintenance and troubleshooting. Executes and evaluates quality control and quality assurance procedures. Documents and reports as required by regulatory agencies.
Understands and participates in all aspects of clinical laboratory testing; pre-analytical, analytical, and post-analytical. Anticipates and maintains required supplies for uninterrupted testing.
Assists with data collection or special projects as assigned.
Assists in documentation, evaluation and submission of all required laboratory, departmental and staffstatistics/reports.
Assists in training and mentoring MLTs, new associates and students.
What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:
Required Credential(s):

One or more of the following:
Clinical Laboratory Technologist credentialed from the Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel obtained prior to hire date or job transfer date. Florida license must include qualification in appropriate specialties.
Clinical Laboratory Supervisor credentialed from the Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel obtained prior to hire date or job transfer date. Florida license must include qualification in appropriate specialties.
Preferred Credential(s):
Medical Technologist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC).
Medical Lab Scientist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC).
Laboratory Tech credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC).
Medical Tech credentialed from the American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Medical Tech. credentialed from the American Association of Bioanalysts (AAB).
Education:
Diploma
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Technical degree required
Work Experience:
None required.
Equal Employment Opportunity
St. Vincent's Healthcare (SVHC) will provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all associates and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression, age, disability, marital status, amnesty, genetic information, carrier status or any other legally protected status or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement
To comply with federal regulations of the Immigration Reform and Control Act (IRCA), all employees are required to complete an Employment Eligibility Verification form (I-9). This law applies to all hired individuals regardless of schedule and hours, including volunteers and students.
St. Vincent's HealthCare participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)
