Job Description
ARC Group has an immediate need for an experienced Sr. Data Analyst to join our client's Guidewire Support group. This position will initially be remote but will be eventually working from our client's Jacksonville, FL office.

Our client has an excellent reputation and looking to bring on a Senior Data Analyst for a Contract to Hire Opportunity. Please do not apply if you are a C2C recruiter or someone needing sponsorship.

Overview:
You will be responsible for understanding business needs, assessing the impact of the change, and translating into technical specifications. Work with the technical project team to ensure those technical requirements are documented, understood, and implemented all while supporting and communicating with the business through the implementation process.
You will be responsible for identifying business needs, assessing the impact of the change, working with the business to align the need to the base application functionality, documenting the requirements, and walking the business through the documentation to obtain approval.
Responsible for project development testing and data governance/management. This includes the development of integrated test plans and test cases, execution of the tests, analysis, and documentation of the results.
The analyst is involved throughout the entire development lifecycle (e.g., initial concept, requirement gathering, development support, testing, and final implementation and post-production support).
Position Qualifications:
Expert in data mapping, modeling, lineage, governance, and management
At least 7+ years of Guidewire Insurance Suite knowledge (Policy Center, Claim Center, Billing Center)
At least 3+ years as a Data Analyst maintaining the Data Specifications document for the Guidewire Data Hub / Info Center product at a large corporation
Effective, clear and concise verbal and written communication skills
Business Intelligence experience (Business Objects, Cognos or other BI tool)
Working knowledge of SQL (TSQL/PL SQL)
Working knowledge of ETL
5+ of QA testing experience
Working knowledge of DW/EDW, Data Hubs/Data Lakes
Education equivalent to a college degree in information technology or technical-related discipline, or the equivalent in related work experience
7+ years of Data Analyst experience.
7+ years of Guidewire Property & Casualty Guidewire Insurance industry
3+ Years Guidewire Data Hub / Info Center experience
Occasional travel is required
Preferred:
Cognos experience
10+ years of Data Analyst experience.
At least 9+ years of Guidewire Insurance Suite knowledge (Policy Center, Claim Center, Billing Center)
At least 5+ years as a Data Analyst maintaining the Data Specifications document for the Guidewire Data Hub / Info Center product at a large corporation
Advanced QA Testing experience is a plus.
Expert in SQL (T-SQL/PL SQL)
Expert in ETL
Expert in DW/EDW, Data Hubs/Data Lakes
Agile Project experience
Would you like to know more about our Senior Data Analyst role?

Great, we would like to hear from you. Please reach out to our dedicated recruiter for this role in Siana Johnson by applying below OR emailing her directly at sjohnson@arcgonline.com. If you would like to see our other positions, please visit our job board at www.arcgonline.com
Company Description
With over 20 years in the industry. ARC Group has been recognized by Forbes as a Top 20 Recruiting Firm Nationally within the US. We look forward to helping you get your next great position.
