THIS IS A CONTRACT TO PERM ROLE CLIENT DOES NOT SPONSOR VISAS Job Summary This position is responsible for providing data and analytical support to product and underwriting divisions, while also supporting the introduction of new products, product enhancements and underwriting guidelines. Provides a high level of technical support to research and analyze data from multiple sources and deliver insight on business trends and overall effectiveness of internal business processes. Develops reports, scorecards and dashboards, as well as other ad-hoc requests, to provide a strategic view of data, as well as the ability to use a variety of programming languages and software to prepare analysis and recommendations for the target audience on key elements to drive profitability, growth and retention results. Partners across product, underwriting, actuarial and regional sales teams to ensure all business deliverables are met. Analyzing business intelligence data to inform business and product decisions Blends historical data from available industry reports, public information, field reports or purchased sources as input to analyses. Identifies and analyzes industrygeographic trends and competitor market strategies and monitors currentpotential customer trends Partners with other areas of the business to model the outcome of implementing potential business strategies. Requirements Bachelorrsquos degree. Preferably in Statistics, Actuarial Science, Finance, Mathematics, related analytical fields, or insurance. 6+ years progressive experience in area of focus preferred Proficient in use of data sources and applications. Excel, SQL, Cognos, Tableau, other Microsoft Office products preferred. Experience in SAS, R, Python, Oracle, Apache Spark also beneficial. Ability to extract, consolidate, and organize data from several different sources. Excellent quantitative, analytical and problem-solving skills. Conduct research, deliver analysis, present data in a clear manner, identify and resolve data issues. Broad-based knowledge, and technical facility, with leading computer tools and technology Update monthly reports and communicate key findings to management. Ability to successfully complete projects independently. Time management skills are a must, as well as ability to be agile and creative. Understanding of property casualty insurance principles, laws, regulations, underwriting rules guidelines, policy contract coverage and conditions desired. Excellent verbal and written communication skills must possess ability to effectively communicate with team members and across all departmentslevels of the organization.
