What We Do:

At the SEI Emerging Technology Center, we describe our work as “making the recently possible mission-practical.” We help our government customers stay at the leading edge of technology by identifying, demonstrating, extending, and applying emerging software technologies to solve real government problems. We currently work in the fields of human-machine interaction, applied artificial intelligence and machine learning, and advanced computing—areas that are changing and progressing rapidly. As we show our customers how new technologies can improve their mission capabilities through rapid prototyping and iterative development, we both rely on and shape academic and industrial research.

Are you creative, curious, energetic, collaborative, technology-focused, and hard-working? Are you interested in making a difference by bringing innovation to government organizations and beyond? Apply to join our team.

Position Summary:

As a machine learning engineer on our team, you will build machine learning capabilities using leading-edge technologies for important and challenging government problems and needs.

Requirements:

BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience with eight (8) years of experience; MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience with five (5) years of experience; PhD in Computer Science or equivalent experience with two (2) years of experience.
Flexible to travel to other SEI offices in Pittsburgh and Washington, DC, sponsor sites, conferences, and offsite meetings on occasion. Moderate (25") travel outside of your home location.
You will be subject to a background investigation and must be eligible to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense security clearance.


Desired Experience:
Technical Teamwork: You have experience participating on teams for a variety of machine learning and software development projects. You have experience working in collaborative coding environments, including open-source development projects.
Knowledge of Department of Defense and Intelligence Community: We consider it a plus if you are familiar with DoD or Intelligence Community practices and missions.


Duties:

Building Machine Learning Models and Systems: You will work with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Torch, and Caffe and modern programming languages including Python, C/C , and Java. You will build and work with date pipelines, ETL processes, and backend systems. You will work with, extend, and implement state-of-the-art machine learning methods.
Technical Experimentation: You will experiment with modern and emerging machine learning frameworks, methods, and algorithms. Our team has recently explored inverse reinforcement learning, adversarial machine learning, and custom hardware for scalable, high-performance machine learning in application domains that include computer vision, natural language processing, planning and scheduling, robot control, and engineering safe, trusted, and reliable machine learning systems.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Communication and Collaboration: You have strong written and verbal communication skills and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues. You grasp the big picture, direction, and goals of an effort while focusing great attention to detail. You can present complex ideas to people who may not have a deep understanding of the subject area.
Dedication: You can meet deadlines while multi-tasking–sometimes under pressure and with shifting priorities.
Creativity and Innovation: You are creative and curious, and you are inspired by the prospect of collaborating with researchers at Carnegie Mellon University and other universities and organizations. You quickly learn new procedures, techniques, and approaches.
Knowledge and Learning: You possess broad technical experience and interest in computer science and applied technology such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, autonomy, and adaptive systems.
More Information

Please visit “Why Carnegie Mellon” to learn more about becoming part of an institution inspiring innovations that change the world.

A listing of employee benefits is available at: www.cmu.edu/jobs/benefits-at-a-glance/.

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.
