Data Architect IILocation: Jacksonville, FLDuration: 3 monthsDescription:Bachelors Degree PreferredQualifications:* Engineer with light analytical background. Enables the core infrastructure needed by the Business Analysts and Data Scientists to perform analytics. Partners with the enterprise IT to fill the data and tool gaps. Ability to work in a fast paced environment and adapt to changing requirements. Strong troubleshooting skills, able to debug production code with limited guidance. Self-starter, able to work with limited supervision and see tasks through to completion. Proficiency to create and support database technical environments. Excellent customer service skills that build high levels of customer satisfaction for internal and external customers. Excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization (e.g., executive, management, individual contributors). Willingly shares relevant technical and/or industry knowledge and expertise to other resources. Excellent decision-making, problem-solving, team, and time management skills. Is resourceful and proactive in gathering information and sharing ideas. Ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed. 3-5 years' experience with MS SQL. 2 years SSIS experience.Responsibilities:* Ability to build, update, and scale large datasets. Write queries to automate production tasks. Responsible for health and hygiene of non-IT managed data. Consume business requirements and develops the data, database specifications, tables and element attributes to support. Models databases and develops tables, stored procedures, views, and other database objects. Maintains database dictionaries, monitors overall database standards and procedures, and integrates systems through database design. Works closely with other developers to integrate databases with other applications. May provide leadership and/or guidance to other technical professionals. Performs other related duties as assigned.Duties and Responsibilities:Provide technical leadership in developing and maintaining high-level design plans within the IT architecture. Overall design of the enterprise data/information architecture with direct focus on enterprise data modeling and database designs. Develop a master data management and repository strategy to manage all enterprise information architecture artifacts, and ensure that existing data/information assets pre identified, maintained, and leveraged across the enterprise. Define data/information architecture standards, policies, and procedures for the organization, structure attributes, and nomenclature of data elements. Performs as an internal consultant, advocate, mentor, and change agent. Facilitate consistent business analysis, data acquisition and access analysis and design, Database Management Systems (DBMS) optimization, archive and recovery strategy, load strategy design and implementation, and security and change management at the enterprise level. Possess in-depth knowledge of standards and regulatory issues used to develop internal and external checks and controls that ensure proper governance, security, and quality of assets information. Possess the ability to translate strategic requirements to usable enterprise architecture information to develop solutions and provide consistent information assets across applications. Work with the Solutions Manager in the development of project scope definition, design and implementation plans to maximize allocation of team resources. Establish and enforce standards for enterprise-wide applications architecture, configuration and documentation. Participating in decision-making and working closely with data, solution and application architects as well as project PMs. Conduct program/project reviews to identify and address data related issues or roadblocks. Measure and monitor implementation of data best practices for continuous improvement initiatives within team. Develop and plan communication strategies to ensure activities and accomplishments are communicated to senior management, program stakeholders, and IT teams. Facilitate performance reviews, identifying training and development requirements and plans. Manage compensation elements equitably within the Team and across IT. Performs other duties as assigned.Education/Experience: 12+ yrsBachelor's Degree; advanced degree preferredReasoning Ability:Extensive knowledge of Business Systems Management, Project Management, Budget and Human Resource Management, Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse technologies such as Informatica, ERWin and PL-SQL. Strong partnering skills and a service leadership mindset are required dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements in products and services; acts with customers in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect. Can accurately scope out length and difficulty of tasks and project segments; sets objectives and goals; breaks down work into the process steps; develops schedules and task/people assignments; anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; measures performance against goals; evaluates results. Knowledge of designing and constructing data architectures, operational data stores, and data marts.'As an equal opportunity employer, ICONMA prides itself on creating an employment environment that supports and encourages the abilities of all persons regardless of race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or disability.
