The NDN Companies (NDN) is an 8(a), woman-owned small business based in Jacksonville, and specializing in environmental assessment, remediation, compliance, industrial hygiene, due diligence, natural resource work, and mixed-marine civil construction. We are currently seeking a self-driven individual who is looking to advance their career and personal potential while working together on a team where their hard work will be rewarded not only financially, but through opportunity for advancement and professional growth. We currently have a position available for a mid to upper level Environmental Scientist / Environmental Engineer / Geologist to provide field and technical support for various environmental projects throughout the southeastern United States.
The candidate we are looking for will have 10 years of experience in the following:
Due diligence work and various environmental projects including field sampling and supervision of subcontractors.
Conduct field work for Phase I, II and III Environmental Site Assessments.
Perform Investigations at CERCLA, RCRA, and petroleum/chlorinated solvent impacted sites.
Collection of soil, sediment, and water samples using various sampling techniques.
Report writing, generation of figures, tables, and database management.
Site remediation implementation.
Compliance Plans (SWPP, SPCC, etc.).
Permitting and regulatory compliance.
Field team leader and coordinator on projects of various scale.
Write and review technical reports and proposals.
Project management.
Mentor and train scientific staff and ensure quality work product.
Business development/networking.
Minimum Requirements
Environmental BS/BA in engineering, geology or environmental science or other technical / science discipline.
Experience working with local, State, and Federal agencies.
Valid driver's license in excellent standing and personal vehicle are required.
Ability to pass background screening requirements including criminal history, motor vehicle check, drug testing, etc.
Good computer skills including proficiency with Microsoft Office suite.
Strong technical communication skills, safety awareness, and a good record and understanding of safe work practices.
Overnight travel is occasionally required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Minimum of 10 years of experience in the consulting field.
Preferred
Project management experience with Navy, USACE, Air Force, and/or Coast Guard
Experience performing environmental field sampling and investigation activities including soil, sediment and groundwater sampling, installation of soil borings and groundwater monitoring wells, soil excavation and other environmental related investigations.
Skills to evaluate complex laboratory and field data and assemble written reports.
40-hour HAZWOPER certification.
Experience with ArcGIS and/or AutoCAD is a plus.
Construction/heavy equipment experience is a plus.
NDN is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Experience:
environmental: 10 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Application Question:
Do you have experience conducting Phase I and Phase II environmental site assessments, site sampling and remediation?
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Company's website:
www.thendncompanies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
