Objective:

The Data Scientist will be a technical role in leading data science projects, combining predictive analytics, data modeling, and machine learning. You’ll have a strong business acumen to assist in decision-making for complex business problems across the digital platform. You aren’t just reporting the data – you’ll be the key role in building it, it’s attributes, and its parameters while tailoring solutions to emerging business challenges.
Profile:
Required 4+ years of experience in relevant role (data/ decision science role, preferably in e-commerce and/or omni-channel)
Bachelor’s degree in related field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering or a related quantitative field)
Expertise and deep knowledge of typical data science techniques such as classification, regression and optimization
Experience/proficiency in statistical programming languages: R, SAS, SPSS, etc.· Experience/proficiency in one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Perl, Java or Ruby
Experience/proficiency in relational databases such as: SQL, Oracle, Teradata
Familiarity with:
BI tools (SAP business Intelligence, MicroStrategy, Tableau, QlikSense)
Big Data ecosystems & Distributed file systems / data frameworks (Apache Hadoop, AWS)
Machine learning tools/packages
Proficient level of MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Sharepoint, OneNote) and presentation tools
Duties:
Independently and collaboratively explore, develop and deliver solutions to meet the business needs. Undertake data collection, processing and analysis.
Apply in-depth technical knowledge to create and implement customer centric solutions to complex business problems (ecosystem) across multiple areas.
Develop and apply algorithms. Analyze complex unstructured data sets to recommendations and implement solutions.
Build business intelligence system for the business integrating all and future platforms with multiple sources of data.
Independently convert business management questions into analyzable problems with solutions.
Skills:
Analytical mind with a business acumen (customer centricity)
Attentive to details – very detail oriented
Strong portfolio of design projects
A strong working knowledge of product UX design and creative processes
Job Type: Full-time

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Schedule::
Monday to Friday
