About the job:

We are looking for a Senior Environmental Scientist to share your knowledge by providing project management and expertise for completion of field and office related tasks in support of regulatory projects. Do you have direct work experience leading and conducting environmental investigations, remediation, and compliance programs? If you have a working knowledge of RCRA, CERCLA and UST assessment, groundwater modeling, surface water modeling, and/or regulatory compliance we would like to talk to you.

Your 10 years of experience and knowledge will support environmental investigation, and remediation projects and proposals, primarily in the areas related to geology, hydrogeology, remediation, fieldwork, and data interpretation/presentation under the supervision of the Tetra Tech project manager.

Tetra Tech is dedicated to excellence and supports that commitment through providing industry-leading tools and training, and a supportive and challenging workplace.

Responsibilities:
Act as a senior-level environmental scientist for environmental regulatory projects.
Help plan and oversee geologic investigations and remediation projects.
Provide peer and senior-level review of assessment documents.
Author various documents (e.g., work plans, UFP SAPs, assessment reports, etc.)
Provide support as requested on proposals.
Provide direction to environmental field testing, sampling, and investigation field crews.
Maintain advanced skills/capabilities regarding technical areas, especially in the areas of soil and groundwater characterization/remediation.
Prepare subcontract documents, work plans, and reports for UST, CERCLA, and RCRA sites.
Potential to perform groundwater and/or surface water sampling tasks.
Interface with Project Managers, clients, government regulators, other contractors, and community representatives.

Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) in a geosciences field required, Master's degree (MS/MA) and/or geology-related academic experience preferred;
10 years directly related professional experience and/or training in environmental geosciences-related work (advanced degree may serve as 1 year of experience)
strong background in environmental site characterization (with an emphasis on site characterization) and remediation.
Advanced knowledge of assessment and cleanup governed by Chapter 62-780 of the Florida Administrative Code is desirable.
Basic computer skills required, advanced skills desirable, including working knowledge of groundwater/contaminant transport modeling.

About Tetra Tech:

Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. We combine the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in more than 400 locations around the world. We are Leading with Science to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clients.

At Tetra Tech, we provide a collaborative environment that supports individual performance, innovation, and creativity. We are proud to offer competitive compensation and benefits. Learn more by visiting http://www.tetratech.com/en/benefits .

For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.tetratech.com . To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter on the Careers portion of our website at www.tetratech.com/careers .

We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities.

Tetra Tech is a VEVRAA federal contractor and we request priority referral of veterans for available positions.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability - No calls or agencies
