Description:In this role you will be part of an advanced manufacturing artificial intelligence (AI) and advanced data analytics team consisting of colleagues possessing varying skill sets including data scientists, data engineers, front-end and back-end developers and other business analysts.

The Data Scientist designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to analyze structured and unstructured diverse big data sources. Develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, querying and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate datasets and model complex business problems. Is familiar with disciplines such as Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Predictive modeling, Statistical Analysis, and Hypothesis testing.

Works with cross-discipline teams in order to leverage subject-matter expertise to develop tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance. Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big data trends and technologies. Requires knowledge of various technical domains including systems coding, various software programming languages, and deep mathematical calculation and algorithms to provide intricate analytic solutions to meet end user needs. Has various tool knowledge with both software development and engineering research to create models of relevancy.

Responsible for the delivery, quality, communications, and accuracy associated with all outputs. Communicate analytical findings to management and customer on a regular basis. Lead small teams in execution of projects.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors, Masters or PhD degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent experience
15+ years experience with Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning Methodologies
Experienced with the application of statistics and data-mining in a business environment (trend discovery and analysis, correlation and pattern discovery, text mining, etc.)
Understanding of CRISP-DM Methodologies
Experience in operations analysis, data analytics, computer science or related field.
Familiar with SQL, and able to create/perform basic queries.
Strong interpersonal communications skills (verbal, presentation, and written).
Strong problem-solving skills, inquisitive mindset
Focused on results and able to work closely with others in collaborative environment.
Energetic & Self-Starting
Desired Skills:
Experience using R, Python, MATLAB, or other data analytics toolsets
Proficient with JMP or other data discovery / statistical analysis tools
Proficient with MS and Oracle SQL
Technical leadership of small- to medium-size teams
Lean Six Sigma (Green Belt or Black Belt Certification)
Operations Background
Facilitation
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
