JPS Health Network is a $950 million, tax-supported health care system for Tarrant County in North Texas. Licensed for 578 beds, the network includes an acute care hospital andmore than 40 community-based clinics, including19 school-based clinics. John Peter Smith Hospital is home to Tarrant County's first and only Level 1 Trauma Center, its only psychiatric emergency services site and has the largest hospital-based family medicine residency program in the nation. Our network employs more than 6,500 people.

Acclaim is our multispecialty medical practice group. Acclaim has over 300 providers serving the JPS Health Network in specialties ranging from primary care to general surgery and trauma. The Acclaim group has been formed around a common set of incentives and expectations supporting the operational, financial and clinical performance
outcomes of the network. Our goal is to provide high quality, compassionate clinical care for every patient, every time.

For more information, visit www.jpshealthnet.org.

To view all job vacancies, visitwww.jobs.jpshealthnet.org/ or www.teamacclaim.org.
Job Description:

Description: The Medical Laboratory Scientist - (MLS) performs chemical analyses of specimens to determine presence of normal and abnormal components. The Medical Laboratory Scientist - (MLS) compiles data from various routine to complex medical laboratory tests, procedures, and analyses for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. The Medical Laboratory Scientist - (MLS) performs assigned tasks for all patient populations and works within one or more designated departments including Chemistry; Hematology; Microbiology/Immunology/Serology; Stat Laboratory; and/or Transfusion Services.

Typical Duties
Conducts routine to complex laboratory tests and analyses of patient specimens (e.g. body fluids, such as blood, urine, and spinal fluid, etc.) for use in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and to determine presence of normal and abnormal components.
Determines the acceptability of patient samples for analysis. Prepares patient samples in accordance with industry standard methods.
Performs calibration and preventive maintenance procedures and verifies the acceptability of Quality Control values prior to analyzing patient samples.
Prepares slides as necessary for microscopic analysis. Adds reagents or indicator solutions, and subjects specimens for processing and analysis.
Analyzes patient samples and evaluates the reliability of test results according to age, gender and specimen acceptability criteria prior to releasing information for use in patient care and treatment.
Performs Laboratory and Hospital Information System (LIS and HIS) computer functions involved in pre-analytic, analytic and post-analytic processes.
Effectively troubleshoots and carries out preventative maintenance on equipment in the assigned area of responsibility. Reports concerns as necessary.
Complies with all Federal, State and Local regulatory requirements relative to health care delivery.
Participates in assigned proficiency surveys, performance improvement activities, and mandatory continuing education programs as requested and/or required.
Provides technical guidance, training, and/or orientation to new employees and students.
Performs special collection procedures, development of procedures, inventory, and record keeping, as assigned or required.
Performs other related job duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
Required Education and Experience:
Bachelors Degree
Required Licensure/Certification:
MUST have and maintain throughout employment Certification in at least one of the following:
Medical Technologist (MT); OR
Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS); OR
Specialty certification within a related disciple from the American Society of Clinical Pathologists (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT)
If the member is ASCP or AMT certification-eligible as an MT or MLS, they will have up to one (1) year from hire to acquire the proper certification listed above
Preferred Education and Experience:
Bachelors Degree in Chemical, Physical, Biological or Clinical Laboratory Science; or Medical Technology from an accredited college or university
1 plus year experience performing a variety of routine to complex clinical laboratory analysis.
Location Address:
1500 S. Main Street
Fort Worth, Texas, 76104
United States
