Hilltop Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HTH) is a Texas-based diversified financial holding company specializing in banking, mortgage origination, financial advisory and insurance through its wholly owned subsidiaries, PlainsCapital Bank, PrimeLending, and HilltopSecurities.
As a Sr. Data Engineer/BI Developer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining a data analytics solution with visibility from all levels of the organization including executives. As a part of a dynamic team working in the Agile methodology you will have the opportunity to contribute to multiple phases of the solution lifecycle.

Gather requirements, perform data analysis, and profile data to design appropriate solutions
Develop detailed data models and data architecture for enterprise data warehouse projects
Create and maintain processes to load the data lake utilizing DataBricks Notebooks and Python
Create and maintain processes to build Analysis Services DAX cubes from the data lake tables
Design and maintain Power BI and SSRS reports that meet business requirements
Performance tuning to ensure reports meet SLA targets
Troubleshoot issues and create solutions in a timely manner

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent experience required
8-10 years of general technology experience (required)
5-7 years of Analytics/Business Intelligence solution delivery experience
Power BI visualization, Power Query data integration, and DAX experience required
DataBricks and Python experience required
Understanding of dimensional modeling concepts
Strong T-SQL skills required
SQL Server Analysis Services Tabular model experience required
SQL Server Reporting Service experience required
Azure SQL Data Warehouse or other MPP data warehouse experience preferred
Experience with Microsoft Azure-based solutions preferred
Must have advanced skills with the ETL Tools, BI & Analytics Tools and Cloud software utilized to perform their daily duties, e.g., Azure ADF, Informatica ICS, Python, Analysis Services, Power BI, SSRS,
Demonstrable experience with development lifecycle (development, testing, deployment, source control, etc.)
Experience with Business Analyst and Project Management experience is preferred
Highly motivated individual with strong sense of ownership
Must be proactive with solid organizational and time management skills
Exceptional written and verbal skills

Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Hilltop Holdings offers a diverse range of financial services through its primary subsidiaries, PlainsCapital Bank, PrimeLending, and HilltopSecurities. PlainsCapital Bank is a leading commercial bank with locations throughout Texas. PrimeLending is a national mortgage provider focused on purchase mortgage originations. HilltopSecurities provides financial advisory, clearing, retail brokerage, and other investment banking services. Hilltop Holdings seeks to build the premier Texas-based diversified financial services holding company through acquisitions and organic growth. To learn more, please visit www.hilltop-holdings.com.
