Job Description
Job Summary

The Web Analytics Manager leads analytics and business reporting for Populus’ digital properties. They will be responsible for providing the marketing team with data-driven insights that guide execution, optimization, and media investment decisions at all customer touchpoints. They will support the digital marketing strategy, across all channels: onsite, email, search, social, and paid media.

Populus is a results-oriented, fast-paced, and growing organization, at the beginning of a digital renovation. This is a new role, so the ideal candidate will need to feel comfortable building the digital analytics function from scratch: owning platform enhancement, data transformation, implementation of a new tagging system, and building metrics and dashboards for internal stakeholders. This position reports to the Director of eCommerce.

Responsibilities:
Manage team of 1-2 web analysts; hiring, setting expectations, motivating, and developing team members.
Partner with Marketing functions to identify internal reporting needs and plan to support business goals and objectives.
Define, develop, and deliver reports and standardized dashboards for digital channels, including but not limited to websites, email, social, organic, and paid media.
Optimize attribution models to measure and analyze multi-channel effectiveness.
Create and communicate in-depth data findings and insights to influence decision making across marketing channels
Manage the end-to-end web testing process including hypothesis setting, goal definition, execution, and measuring success.
Analyze and quantify new and potential products, services, and marketing opportunities
Own Google Analytics & Tag Manager, managing all tag requests, performing audits, and publishing results.
Train marketing teams to access, read, understand, and embrace digital metrics and tools.
Key Competencies:
Leadership
Time Management
Team Player
Creativity
Customer Service
Requirements
3-5 years’ experience working directly in web analytics.
3-5 years’ experience working with web analytics and tag management tools.
2-3 years’ experience with site testing tools.
Strong problem solving, quantitative, and analytical abilities.
Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries.
Experience running A/B tests from start to finish, including designing tests, communicating results, and providing guidance to non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to work independently and as a team to find ways to uncover opportunities.
Excellent communication, collaboration and delegation skills.
Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the major responsibilities.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand or walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; stoop or bend; and talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 lbs.

Position Type/Expected Hours of Work

This is a full-time position, Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. This position might requires long hours and weekend work.

Travel

N/A

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in some work environments can be moderate.

Disclaimer

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted, as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

EEO Statement

ACE Cash Express provides Equal Employment Opportunity (EEOC) to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type
Company Description
We strive to provide the people we serve with value and best-in-class customer service. We are a group of brands that offer convenient and immediate access to retail and online financial services. The brands include ACE Cash Express, ACE Flare Account, and ACE Elite Visa Prepaid Debit Card.
