Join this growing company in the Financial Services industry. You will have responsibility for the overall design of the enterprise-wide datainformation architecture and logical physical data models. This position will work closely with business users and technology leads to develop data strategy and information catalog and repository. This position will help with tool and technology evaluations and provide tactical and strategic direction and support for data warehouse and analytics initiatives RESPONSIBILITIES Design and documentation of logical and physical analytical data models for transactional and analytical databases. Work closely with Data Stewards, Data Governance and developers to create and maintain data dictionary and data lineage. Help investigate and resolve data anomalies including data quality issues and ambiguous data definitions. Recommend data integrity checks and controls to ensure data quality. Obtain new data requirements from the business and business analysts and coordinates efforts with the developers, DBArsquos and business analysts. Perform as data SME in guiding both business and IT users of data. Source system analysis, data profiling and creating design documents and Source2Target mappings for the development teams to implement Assist with large-scale data migrations across the enterprise as well as with optimization and scalability efforts. Work closely with key data consumers (report analysts, data scientists etc.) to understand needs and challenges and come up with strategy and solutions. BACKGROUND Expert level experience in designing conceptual, logical and physical data models using major enterprise data modeling tools (Embarcadero experience is preferred) which must include Solid experience in strategic data planning, standards and procedures Solid experience in data quality engineering, metadata consolidation and integration, metadata model development and maintenance, repository management, data warehouse design and data mining, and data security Solid experience in leveraging enterprise data warehouse modeling constructs, methodologies and practices to ensure flexible, scalable, maintainable, and high-performing physical databases Solid 5 yearsrsquo experience in data analysis and forensics. Proficiency in SQL Good knowledge of ETL, ELT and batch Experience with analytics, data visualization tools a plus RedRiver offers benefits including Major Medical, Dental, Vision, LTD and 401k. More positions httpredriversystems.comjobsjobs RedRiver Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
