Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

Battelle is seeking a Junior Data Scientist. There are multiple positions under this posting located in Columbus, Ohio, and Dayton, Ohio.

Work will support Wright-Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio. This position is contingent on award of contract and candidates are expected to start within 30 days of contract award.
JOB SUMMARY
The selected candidate(s) will serve as a member of a team of highly qualified and motivated individuals supporting timely and mission-critical effort related to Publicly Available Information/Open Source (PAI/OS) data on foreign developments in current and future weapons systems, subsystems, and technologies impacting air, space, and cyberspace, missiles, and other new initiatives. The candidate will work with a team of cleared linguists, scientists, intelligence analysts, engineers, and other relevant subject matter experts for collection, organization, and analysis. The position will be responsible for developing and maintaining data processing and analysis solutions, which will aid in parsing and formatting large data sets, advanced searching and collection, natural language processing (NLP), triaging, and language translation for Scientific & Technical (S&T) open source information. This will include direct collaboration with team members to maximize collection and interpretation efforts for a wide variety of data aligned with mission requirements. The candidate will also be responsible for data visualization, web scraping technologies, digital libraries and databases, appropriate algorithms, and similar tasks in support of the project. S/he will provide direct input to finished products in the form of visualizations, datasets, and recommendations for further collection and analysis, among other duties.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Provides data science solutions for digital library development, human language translations, optical character recognition, and technical analysis of foreign language materials and technologies.
Supports data science solutions to integrate, ingest, reformat, and transform PAI data.
Catalogs and scans translated material to identify data of interest based on specific requests.
Develops and maintains data collection solutions for PAI/OS information, including web scrapers and technologies for sensitive searching.
Works with a multi-disciplinary team to leverage data science and NLP tools to collect, organize, and analyze diverse science and technology information from multiple sources.
Uses data visualization techniques to provide insights on large data sets and input to finished reports.
Builds and maintains databases in support of analyst and subject matter expert use.
Uses NLP tools to support language translation and science and technology assessments.
Must be able to work independently with some oversight and function effectively as part of a team in a joint working environment.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Must be a US Citizen with an active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s Degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or similar technical field.
At least 0-5 years of experience as a data scientist, statistician, applied mathematician, or equivalent to fulfill the job requirements.
Proficiency in a high-level programming language, i.e. Python, R, Perl.
Experience working in U.S. national security, e.g. intelligence community, military, joint operations, or related government contracting.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Master’s degree in the above areas.
Experience with shell scripting (bash, ksh, or equivalent).
At least 5-10 years of experience as a data scientist, statistician, applied mathematician, or equivalent to fulfill the job requirements.
Experience using NLP tools to collect, assemble, interpret, translate, and analyze open-source data, such as scientific publications, social media, and databases, and synthesizing knowledge into actionable intelligence.
Experience using NLP tools to support assessments and technical reporting on technologies and scientific topics, i.e. technology readiness levels (TRL) and critical technology elements (CTE).
Subject matter expertise in and support of U.S. air- and space-related programs and technologies.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities, and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
