Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. Forbes recently ranked Upstart #12 on its list of "most promising AI companies in America." Inc. Magazine also recognized Upstart as one of the Best Workplaces for 2020.

By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart is based in San Mateo, California and Columbus, Ohio.

Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we'd love to hear from you!

The Team

Data Scientists with Upstart have a direct impact on our company's success. Our data science team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling or machine learning as well as Machine Learning Engineers.

The fundamental goal of our data science team is to explore new models and new data sets that can improve the accuracy of our models. With this goal comes near-limitless challenges to tackle, and that is one of the reasons why Upstart is such a unique opportunity. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.

The Role

As a Senior Data Scientist, you'll have ownership across a breadth of data science projects working end-to-end from building proof-of-concepts to productionalizing models. You'll also have an opportunity to work alongside a talented team that values curiosity, humility, drive and teamwork.

What we're looking for:
Strong academic credentials with a master's degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or other quantitative areas of study; Ph.D. preferred
5+ years relevant experience with detailed understanding of building good technical solutions; ability to convert ideas into testable hypotheses and/or next steps
Programming skills in Python and/or R
Full-stack expertise with all steps of the modeling process from ideation to productionalizing code; OR deep expertise in either statistical modeling or machine learning
Knowledge of machine learning, pipelines and engineering architecture helpful
Interest in growing in technical and/or people leadership is a plus
Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart's mission and values
Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility, drive and teamwork
Numerically-savvy and smart with ability to operate at a speedy pace
What you'll love:
Competitive compensation (base + bonus & equity)
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Personal development and technology & ergonomic budgets
Life insurance and disability benefits
Clubs and Activities (game nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, book club, investing club, money discussions, photography club and basketball teams)
Generous vacation policy
401(k) retirement plan
Catered lunches + snacks & drinks
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
