Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. Forbes recently ranked Upstart #12 on its list of "most promising AI companies in America." Inc. Magazine also recognized Upstart as one of the Best Workplaces for 2020.

By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart is based in San Mateo, California and Columbus, Ohio.

Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we'd love to hear from you!

The Team

Upstart's data science team has a direct impact on our company's success. Our data science team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling or machine learning as well as machine learning engineers.

Because our challenges are so new, members of our data science team need strong creative problem-solving skills and the technical background to implement solutions. Our research environment affords team members the opportunity to utilize a variety of statistical and machine learning methods with the freedom and encouragement to pursue alternative approaches to solving problems. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.

The Role

As a Machine Learning Engineer with Upstart, you'll enjoy a fast-paced environment with a focus on productionalizing, deploying and training machine learning models. You'll also have an opportunity to work alongside a talented team that values curiosity, humility, drive and teamwork.

What we're looking for:
2+ years of professional experience as a data scientist or software engineer
Experience productionalizing, deploying, and training machine learning models (we use Python and sklearn, but experience in any language is valuable)
Interest in helping other data scientists improve code quality in addition to conducting independent analyses
Experience optimizing models for memory and speed
Knowledge of machine learning and statistics or a strong desire to learn
BS in computer science, mathematics, statistics or related area of study with advanced degree(s) preferred
What you'll love:
Competitive compensation (base + bonus & equity)
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Personal development and technology & ergonomic budgets
Life insurance and disability benefits
Clubs and Activities (game nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, book club, investing club, money discussions, photography club and basketball teams)
Generous vacation policy
401(k) retirement plan
Catered lunches + snacks & drinks
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
