Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelles work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.
JOB SUMMARY
We are currently seeking an entry-level Data Scientist/Modeler (Research Associate). This position located in Columbus, OH.

Battelle’s Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) Defense business line, in our National Security business unit, is currently seeking persons with knowledge of physical/mathematical phenomena and programming savvy. The Hazard Modeling Team within CBRNE Defense provides its customers with technical analyses as well as modeling capabilities to inform their preparedness and response planning efforts to mitigate risk to the United States or their company. Successful applicants will have the opportunity to make this Nation and Battelle’s clients safer and better prepared.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Support model development activities concerning inhalation, ingestion, dermal, and radiation exposure hazards, response to CBRNE events, and decision support.
Perform rigorous mathematical and statistical analysis on large data sets.
Design and develop graphical user interfaces for mathematical models.
Develop code to support database and back-end server interface.
Test model code for accuracy and performance.
Collect, reduce, process, and present model input and output data.
Write reports of methods used and results obtained.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
0 to 2 years of experience in software development, mathematical modeling, statistical analysis, data science, or related field.
Education reflecting on of the following:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Science Engineering with a minor, certificate, or relevant work experience in in a scientific or mathematical field (e.g., statistics, data analysis, biology, engineering).
Bachelor’s degree in Physics, Physics engineering, Actuarial science, Mathematics, Biology, or Engineering with a minor or certificate in computer science or relevant work experience requiring computer programming.
Must have a GPA of 3.0 or above.
Completed coursework in higher-level mathematics (e.g., calculus, differential equations, linear algebra).
Completed coursework in computer science and/or mathematical modeling.
Experience using object-oriented programming in C++, C#, Java, or python for significant classroom assignments, undergraduate research, or other work experience.
Ability to learn and understand new programing languages and mathematical concepts.
Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret DoD clearance.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Coursework in statistics or probability (at least one formal class).
Coursework in engineering (e.g., transport phenomenon, reaction kinetics).
Significant programming experience in an object-oriented programming language (e.g., C++, C#, Java, or python. Matlab, LabVIEW, Mathcad, Mathematica would not be considered relevant experience).
Experience with JavaScript/HTML/CSS.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
