Job Description
Ultrasonic Crack Detection (UCD) – Data Analyst

The ROSEN Group operates in more than 100 countries and employs over 3,000 people. ROSEN
USA, based in Houston, TX seeks to employ an In-Line Inspection – Ultrasonic Crack Detection
(UCD) Data Analyst. This position is located at our Columbus, OH office.

Responsibilities:
Through the performance of daily tasks, and in cooperation with other department process
functions, execute all aspects of the UCD Data Analysis process per ROSEN policies and
procedures.
Receive pipeline In-line inspection data from ROSEN Sub-processes, check for quality and
quantity using ROSEN proprietary software, procedures, and specifications.
Perform basic data processing and compile Line Information File.
Analyze and interpret UCD signal data to identify both references and anomalies.
Perform In-Line Inspection data correlation.
Requirements

Qualifications or Skills:
A two - year degree in a technical discipline or equivalent work experience in a related area is
preferred.
A minimum high school education or GED is required.
Satisfactory completion of the required training and experience as required by ANSI/ASNT
ILI-PQ-2005 per applicable technology.
Intermediate Microsoft Office skills, particularly Microsoft Word and Excel.
Excellent interpersonal skills – ability to work well within a team environment.
Excellent troubleshooting skills.
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal.
Strong analytical and interpretive skills.
Detail oriented/organizational skills required.
Ability to grasp new concepts quickly and easily.
Our Offer

ROSEN USA offers an exceptional working environment, salary commensurate with experience and an incredible benefits package.
Company Description
ROSEN is a leading privately owned company serving the oil and gas industry with inspection, integrity, and rehabilitation products and services. For over 35 years, ROSEN has provided the industry with advanced inspection solutions to ensure safe and economical operation of a wide range of assets and facilities. The ROSEN Group operates in more than 120 countries and employs over 3,000 people.

ROSEN is an extended team of people with a passion for technology and innovation. Our claim “empowered by technology” is the key to our sophisticated and highly innovative products and services to the oil and gas and other engineering industries. The focus of all our research efforts and high tech solutions is on a safe operation of assets and therefore provide protection for both people and the environment.
