Columbus, Ohio Engineering - Full-Time

Seamless.AI delivers the world's best sales leads. Maximize revenue, increase sales and acquire your total addressable market instantly using artificial intelligence. Join us on our rocket ship to impact 1 billion people and add to our 20,000 companies and users who are generating hundreds of millions in sales for free at Seamless.AI . Request a demo here

The Data Scientist will be the 'go to person' on our rapidly expanding engineering team solving all our data science challenges for billions of data points related to the world's business contacts and company profiles. The primary role of the data scientist is to improve the accuracy of our data recommendations that predicts every professional's emails, phone numbers and websites with the highest level and degree of accuracy possible. This person will have an opportunity to solve significant data problems that are positively impacting millions of business professionals and helping the world connect to opportunity and each other faster than ever before.

Responsibilities
Develop the strategy and execution roadmap to improve our company records data set and make recommendations to improve our company profile data accuracy
Develop the strategy and execution roadmap to improve our contact records data set and make recommendations to improve our contact profile data accuracy
Build and release models that elevate our data quality and accuracy
Work with enormous data sets to find correlations and signals amongst all the noise to improve our contact profile and company profile prediction accuracy. Our database has billions of records extracted from the web.
Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including such areas as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization, transformation, etc.
Collaborate with colleagues with engineering, QA and business backgrounds
Build, measure, analyze and optimize machine learning and statistical models that will have a direct impact on the Seamless.AI contact and company profiles.
Identify and communicate opportunities to apply data science and machine learning to product design and processes.
Identify, communicate, and create innovative solutions for product design, processes, and business problems by using advanced machine learning, statistical modeling and optimization techniques.
Test and evaluate the quality of algorithms using statistical methods.
Experiment, review, and improve the existing analytics and machine learning models as Seamless evolves.
Lead internal tactical and strategic projects and reports project progress for quality, deliverables and cost to VP of Operations.
Work together with engineers, technical project managers, and subject matter experts, to gather requirements and improve our customer experience using machine learning and data science.
Mentor and guide other team members and colleagues in the domain area as owner of data science projects end-to-end.
Minimum Qualifications:
3 - 5+ years of professional (not academic) experience in data science and/or big data.
Expert knowledge of data science, predictive modeling, statistics and machine learning in general.
Deep experience with algorithms, statistics, and data analytics.
A Data Geek - we're looking for people who love data, and who are comfortable working with numbers and patterns. If you like to solve puzzles in your free time, this is the right opportunity for you!
Experience/knowledge in our more major technical & programming languages and cloud computing ( Node.JS , PostgreSQL, AWS)
Strategic thinker and problem solver to develop data science strategies as a principal data scientist.
Background in making impactful data decisions with hundreds of millions of data points quickly and efficiently.
Analytical and detail oriented with the ability to prioritize, execute and deliver projects accurately and on time.
Committed leader and team player who can work autonomously in data science responsibilities, be proactive, take ownership over the success of their projects, and work hard to support those around them.
Drive and leadership skills to help build and manage team of data analysts.
Must be comfortable with unstructured, fast moving and constantly evolving high growth environment.
Solid communication and writing skills to effectively communicate with business and data science leaders on project status, timeline, strategy, ideas and technical results.
Self-motivated and able to work efficiently with both on-location and remote teams.
M.S. focused on Data Science or related field
Desired but not required:
Knowledge and experience in marketing channel optimization, customer behavior/journey modeling and prediction, product recommendation systems, online testing and etc. is highly desired.
Background in handling multi-terabyte size datasets in the cloud.
Proficient in computer software development, web development and engineering.
Experience working with distributed systems and grid computing.
Data security knowledge, risk, compliance (ie. GDPR, etc...).
Experience working in online products or SaaS based products.
Prior work at a fast paced early stage start up.
Disclaimer: This is a full-time position that ideally be located in our Columbus, Ohio office. We are open to assisting with relocation and willing to discuss US remote for the right candidate. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the US.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

No Recruiters. This is an internal position our internal team is hiring for.

Pay, Perks & Such:

At Seamless, we love to celebrate our diverse group of hardworking employees and it shows. We're proud to say Seamless.AI was recognized as a one of the Top Most Promising and Fastest Growing Start up by VentureOhio. Our CEO, Brandon Bornancin, was also named 2018 Sales Development Thought Leader of the Year. We pride ourselves on our collaborative culture that pervasive throughout every step of a Seamless employee's journey. Starting with our interviews and continuing through Daily Standup sessions, collaboration is at the heart of working at Seamless.

We offer a full slate of benefits including competitive salaries, world-class health benefits, flexible vacation time, paid time off, remote flexibility and numerous other benefits to improve company culture/morale. And... we offer some not-so-standard, extra-fun benefits, including learning & development programs to improve your skills, an office ping-pong table, pool table, arcade basketball, DJ booth, and of course, fully stocked fridges and free coffee. :)

Take the chance to contribute to an upbeat, fully engaged culture that's addicted to winning. We value diversity and believe forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is key to our success. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and different industries to apply. Come join us, and find out what the best work of your career could look like here at Seamless.

Disclaimer: This is a full-time position that ideally would be located in our Columbus, Ohio office but for the right candidate we would be open to full US remote. We are open to assisting with relocation and willing to discuss for some positions. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the US.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

No Recruiters. This is an internal position our internal team is hiring for.

PI121259112
