Here at Scotts Miracle-Gro there is no such thing as a typical day. Our culture is constantly energized by new and exciting growth opportunities and at a rapid pace. Every Associate plays an important role in providing innovative solutions for today’s gardeners and growers and contributing new ideas to improve operations. In our company you need grit, it is what we were founded on over 150 years ago and is what keeps us growing. Regardless of your level in the organization there is a platform for your voice to be heard and the ability to influence change. Family, community and hard working values are weaved into all that we do. Come grow with us, where we develop and nurture the next generation of leaders.

The Process and Formulation Scientist/Engineer will lead project work to support the formulation development from bench-top experiments to commercial launch for plant foods and other garden focused products. The position is responsible for formulation of new products, development of product and raw material specifications, design and execution of laboratory and pilot scale experimental plans, analysis and reporting of data, and management of project timelines. This position requires a broad base knowledge of formulations applicable to the manufacturing of gardening based products including liquid, granular, pelleted, and other forms of nutrients or nutrient containing mixes. This engineer will lead platform research in the areas of input processing, input handling, new product forms and formats for conventional and organic inputs.

The Scientist/Engineer is also responsible for designs to improve existing processes, including: development of process flow diagrams, preparation of preliminary capital and estimating product costs. The candidate will work with the team of Specialists and Technicians to prepare samples for stability testing and help analyze results. The candidate will develop and create raw material and formulation specifications within Scotts’ Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) system. The candidate will also interact directly with Packaging Development, Biology, Marketing, Purchasing, and Supply Chain in order to facilitate these activities.

Key Responsibilities:
Drive & inspire innovative thinking and new product opportunities
Design and conduct pre-formulation, formulation development, process development, process optimization, scale up and manufacturing and solve complex problems
Work with and leads multifunctional teams including: Field Biology, Process/Formulation, Regulatory, Marketing, Supply Chain, and Packaging/Durables Development to commercialize new/improved products/processes.
Communicate results in written technical reports and periodic oral presentations to R&D and Operations.
Oversee plant trials of new processes and new products. Support Operations and Contract Manufacturing with implementation of new or revised processes/formulations through training of manufacturing staff and on-site technical coverage of the initial production campaign.
Create, route, and approve raw material and finished good specifications
Provide technical advice and mentor junior engineers.
Perform all project tasks in compliance with corporate Environmental, Health, and Safety principles
Qualifications:
B.S. in Chemistry, Engineering or equivalent. Chemical Engineering preferred.
2-8 years of experience in Process or Product Engineering or closely related area.
Experience in applied chemistry & design of experiments
Familiarity with laboratory scale, pilot scale, and production processing equipment.
History of team oriented problem solving.
Broad awareness of consumer lawn and garden products and practices
Ideal candidate is familiar with agricultural materials, key examples including fertilizers, feedstuffs, and related commodities
Skills and Abilities:
Familiarity with basic methods of experimental design and statistical data analysis
Results driven, highly-motivated individual
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multitask, while being attentive to detail
Exceptional problem solving skills including formulation diagnostic capability
Ability to think strategically and abstractly
Excellent computer skills
Networking skills to build support system and seek out new technologies
Not interested in this role? Stay up to date on future opportunities by joining our ScottsMiracle-Gro and Hawthorne Gardening talent networks.

Scotts is an EEO Employer, dedicated to a culturally diverse, drug free workplace.

EEO/AA Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Notification to Agencies:

Please note that the Scotts Miracle-Gro company does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Master Service Agreement, and specific approval to submit resumes to an approved requisition, the Scotts Miracle-Gro company will not consider or approve payment regarding recruiter fees or referral compensations.

.
