Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Business Analyst/Data Scientist Manager

Will be filled as a senior analyst or manager dependent on skills and experience of the selected candidate.

At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible life through the power of health. For 130+ years, we've brought new products and technologies to the world -- in nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices, and branded generic pharmaceuticals -- that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve.

At Abbott Nutrition Division, we understand that proper nutrition is the foundation for living the best life possible. Thats why we develop science-based nutrition products to nourish your body at every stage of life. Our products, including Similac®, PediaSure®, Pedialyte®, Ensure®, Glucerna®, and ZonePerfect®, help babies and children grow, keep bodies strong and active, and support the unique nutrition needs of people with chronic illnesses to make every stage of life a healthy one. We sell our nutrition products to retailers and institutions such as hospitals, medical distributors, and long-term care facilities.

CORE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Use analytic data techniques and statistical methods related to business analysis, data mining, design of experiments, and modeling, etc. to understand the business and recommend actions for improvements.
Collaborate with Analytics, Marketing, Sales, Marketing Research, Finance, and Contract Operations to identify and evaluate opportunities to utilize data analytics to maximize marketing and sales success.
Create and maintain forecasting models for Abbott and competitive brands for monthly and quarterly reporting to the cross-functional team and senior management.
Analyze monthly and quarterly sales, explain variance to market, sales and share forecasts, and present performance update to leadership
Develop and gain alignment on best visualization content that is in line with industry best practices and ease of user adoption to convey the story inside the data
Build dashboards and reports for business stakeholders and to support analytic tools
Complete ad-hoc requests to support tactical and strategic business needs
Communicate analysis and findings clearly to senior leaders and non-technical audiences
Manage monthly Institutional data stream and third-party relationships with vendors
Periodically work evenings and weekends to complete time-sensitive assignments
Basic Qualifications
2 to 10 years experience in data mining, forecasting, or other analytics
Experience with data visualization tools such as PowerBI or Tableau
Experience with statistical tools such as Excel Stat, SAS, R or Python
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written, and the ability to communicate technical analysis and findings clearly to senior leaders and non-technical audiences
BS in Business Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or related field
Preferred Qualifications
MS degree in Business Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or related field
Experience using SAS Enterprise Guide
Experience in time series and regression forecasting
Experience in Institutional Healthcare analytics
Experience with retail analytics, Nielsen, and IRI
Location
Columbus OH
