Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Associate Product Development Scientist

Major Responsibilities:
Help plan and execute experimental designs of low to medium complexity to optimize the nutrient, microbiological, organoleptic and physical quality of new and/or improved products while adhering to relevant internal and external constraints.
Conduct and communicate observations and record run summaries of pilot experiments and trials.
Interpret test results and suggest conclusions and action plans. Communicate through verbal updates and written reports.
Participate on and possibly present to cross-functional business teams including Marketing, Operations, Quality, Purchasing, Regulatory and Legal, as appropriate.
Understand and address issues related to manufacturing, processing, and technology systems of liquid and powder infant formula products at Abbott or third-party facilities.
Help provide technical input toward preparation of project plans, BOM costing, and capital requirements.
Provide technical direction to cross-functional team and plants and manufacturing personnel.
Set priority and direction of project specific-deliverables and communicate appropriately.
Conduct global formulation development assessments of compliance to country-specific regulations.
Author technical R&D documents such as shelf-life test plans, master specification/QQ, TNF, and commercialization recommendations.
Proficient in data manipulation, analysis and interpretation and use of tools such as MS-Excel to develop or troubleshoot formulation target requirements including nutrient levels, specifications, and label claims.
Education:
MS in Food Science or related scientific field with 0-3 years relevant experience, typically.
BS in Food Science or related scientific field with 2-7 years relevant experience, typically.
Practical product development experience or related experience in nutritional products manufacturing is a plus.
