The Perduco Group, a LinQuest company, is seeking a Data Scientist to work with our team at Peterson AFB in Colorado Springs, CO.

The successful candidate will communicate effectively across teams and levels, while balancing the needs and requirements of internal and external customers. Flexibility and the ability to prioritize in a changing business environment will also be key.

Specific responsibilities include identifying the necessary metrics and creating reports to increase understanding of the mission, proactively identifying risks and opportunities through systemic measurement. The Data Scientist will be detail oriented and possess expertise in both qualitative and quantitative analysis with a passion for delivering actionable insights to key stakeholders. The right candidate will blend advanced reporting with strong critical thinking and project management skills. Your success in the role will have a large impact on enabling more informed decision making and creating a data-driven culture.

"

Required Skills:
Advanced SQL and Excel skills, familiarity with statistics or other analytical techniques
Prior experience with data modeling and understanding of fundamental relational database concepts
Data translation, exploration and visualization (i.e. Tableau, QuikSight, Power BI)
Proven problem solving skills, project management skills, attention to detail, and exceptional organizational skills
The right candidate thrives in a high energy environment where tactical and strategic activities are expected to be driven in parallel
Preferred Skills:
Knowledge of data visualization and exploration tools (Looker, Tableau, Power BI etc.)
Proficient in DAX and M language
Proficient in Python, R, or VBA languages
Strong data extraction, analytical and problem solving skills
Required Experience:
Master's degree in Math, Finance, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline
3+ years of DoD experience in an analytical role
Active Top Secret Clearance
Preferred Experience:
Experience in DoD space and joint force programs
Experience in developing requirements and formulating business metrics for reporting
Proven ability to solve complex quantitative business challenges
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are committed to providing a work environment that values and respects each Team Member as an individual and important member of our culturally diverse organization. In keeping with this commitment, the Company is dedicated to providing a work environment free from any type of discrimination based upon race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender expression and identity, covered veteran and military status, marital status, disability, medical condition, genetic characteristics,political affiliation, or any other classification protected by law. This commitment and policy applies to all areas of employment.

"
