Job Description
Staff Scientist:

Manage the primary responsibilities for the Research and Development processes associated with a specific ASK product line which contributes to the North American (USA, Canada, & Mexico) business unit. A Scientist’s key roles are both strategic (50%) and tactical (50%). Strategic elements include identification of possible technology paths, project governance, etc. while tactical elements include technology screening, technical bench work, and some administrative activities.

Primary Roles & Responsibilities:
Act as the technology gatekeeper within ASK’s governance process to screen potential development projects for technical feasibility. Plan, design, and administer projects while ensuring project objectives are well defined and resulting outcomes / deliverables meet those requirements.
Lead a defined team of scientists and technicians in conducting research & development for existing technology platforms and manufacturing processes according to defined business priorities. Manage product line development personnel and budgetary resources while coordinating work group.
Manage and perform technical bench work on both a commercially driven portfolio of projects as well as a defined number individual projects of their choosing while investigating new / alternative technology platforms and manufacturing processes.
Hire, train, coach, supervise and develop technical personnel. Review and appraise subordinate performance while recommending adjustments in role and / or compensation.
Provide technical oversight, expertise, problem solving, and data driven analysis while developing solutions to complex technical problems. Gather, manage, and analyze regional competitive product intelligence.
Maintain a high level of knowledge in the field of specialty. Prepare, distribute, and present scientific reports and papers for internal communication.
Secondary Roles & Responsibilities:
Submit periodic monthly reports summarizing the status of individual projects and resources applied.
Submit individual final project reports to global peer group summarizing project objective, technical paths evaluated, and resulting success or learnings.
Collaborate with research and development peers, plant engineers, foundry process engineers, design services engineers, and technical service personnel in commercialization / implementation of new products and processes.
Collaborate with internal EH&S and IP functions to maintain regulatory compliance, achieve health and safety goals, and establish patent position for new developments.
Assist in the generation of specific product line technology strategies as they relate to the overall business unit strategy.
When appropriate prepare, distribute, and present a limited number of scientific reports and papers for external communication to the professional community.
Any other duties as assigned by the Director of Research & Development.
Required Education & Experience Levels:
Masters or Bachelors Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Material Science, or Metallurgy with 2-3 years of applied research and development or industrial experience required
Preferred Skills & Know How:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team and project driven environment.
Attention to detail while demonstrating the ability to see the big picture.
Utilization of standard MS Office tools.
Utilization of advanced statistical tools (MiniTab®, MatLab®, SAS®, etc.).
Familiarity with ERP and Document Management platforms (SAP®, Entropy®, etc.).
ASK Chemicals is a new and growing company with a history of attracting the best people and keeping them. The reasons are simple: industry competitive salary and benefits, pay-for-performance incentive plans and a diverse work environment where employees feel challenged and valued. As a growing global specialty chemical company, we offer opportunities for development and advancement throughout our organization. If you are looking for a relationship with a company instead of simply a job, this may be a great fit.

ASK Chemicals is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Please submit your resume, cover letter and salary expectations to recruiting@ask-chemicals.com
Company Description
ASK Chemicals is one of the world's largest suppliers of foundry chemicals and consumables. The comprehensive product and service portfolio extends from binders, coatings, feeders, filters and release agents to metallurgical products including inoculants, Mg-treatment and inoculation wires and master alloys for iron casting. Core manufacturing and development of prototypes as well as a broad offer of simulation services complete the range of supply.

ASK Chemicals is represented in 25 countries with 30 sites, 20 of which operate their own production, and employs approx. 1,400 people worldwide. With research and development in Europe, America and Asia, ASK Chemicals sees itself as the driving force behind industry-specific innovations and is committed to offering customers a consistently high level of quality. Flexibility, quickness, quality and sustainability as well as cost-effective products and services are of key importance.

ASK Chemicals is a new and growing company with a history of attracting the best people and keeping them. The reasons are simple: industry competitive salary and benefits, pay-for-performance incentive plans and a diverse work environment where employees feel challenged and valued. As a growing global specialty chemical company, we offer opportunities for development and advancement throughout our organization. If you are looking for a relationship with a company instead of simply a job, this may be a great fit.

ASK Chemicals is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Please submit your resume, cover letter and salary expectations to recruiting@ask-chemicals.com
