Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Senior Scientist, R&D

Primary Function
Accountable for timely project completion for multiple consecutive projects to include projects focused on new ingredients and ingredient sourcing, new/revised product formulations, packaging materials, and/or processes.
Provides technical guidance to cross-functional stakeholders and project teams. Independently designs/executes development strategy for the projects, experiments, tests application hypotheses, and determines priority and direction in projects. Communicates findings and technical opinions clearly and effectively via reports, conference calls, and emails. Independently conducts global formulation development in compliance with various regulations. Applies knowledge of formulations, ingredients, and manufacturing processes to projects.
Independently conceive, design, conduct, and lead ingredient assessments and application development for multiple regional or global projects to make them ready for commercial production.
Actively contributes to supply chain operational idea generation (improved process, improved margin). Provides technical input into Design-To-Value process.
Works with R&D formulation experts, project management, purchasing, regulatory, supplier quality, design quality, and/or process engineering as part of large cross-functional project teams to assess ingredient and/or formulation changes. Assessments can include scale-up from bench top analysis, analyses in research facilities or pilot plants, through commercial implementation.
Budgets own capacity plan and monthly activities. Is accountable for timely project completion for complex and multiple projects including defining technical project goals and milestones.
Independently designs experiments and completes documentation. Summarizes data and analyzes results; formulates conclusions / recommendations and communicates these to management and project teams.
Mentors new hires and Associate Scientists.
Major Responsibilities
Assess ingredient sourcing concepts for feasibility and understand formulation implications of related requests.
Execute approved project concepts, to include project scoping, experimental designs, research trials, data organization, report writing, and commercialization.
Understand nutritional formulations, dairy processing technology, and impacts of individual ingredients on formulations, including physical characteristics, nutritional inputs, and sensory attributes.
Evaluate ingredient technical and compliance requirements for Abbott Nutrition manufacturing and use in formulations as applicable. Has familiarity with ingredient standards and evaluations (USP, FCC, EP, GB).
Designs testing plans and experiments to assess new ingredient sources. Ensure ingredients and suppliers comply with all regulatory and functional requirements and Abbott standards.
Directs own daily activities. May supervise Associate Scientist.
Education
BS / MS, Food Science / Nutrition / Chemistry / Engineering or in related scientific field with 6+ years practical related experience in CPG development; or
PhD in a related scientific or engineering field with 4+ years of practical application development experience.
Experience
Prior CPG application development or closely related experience required; experience with nutraceutical formulations is a plus.
Understanding of formulations, packages, ingredients, and process requirements for commercial manufacture and can communicate this knowledge to management and project teams.
Experienced in design and execution of experimental trials and testing alternative processes.
Advanced technical writing skills to produce reports and documents and may evaluate the writing of others.
