Be a part of what we’re building…a growing, vital, & vibrant team.

ACCOUNTING DATA ANALYST / IMPLEMENTATION SPECIALIST

Marker, Inc. is a well-established commercial construction and development firm with over 64 years of successful business across the state of Ohio. We are seeking a motivated, proven, and experienced Accounting Data Analyst / Implementation Specialist to perform responsibilities in three primary areas: project management, data analytics, and base accounting work. Our ideal candidate is self-motivated, collaborative, extremely attentive to details, and a strong communicator – both written and visually.

Position Summary:
Project management – Work toward the development and implementation of a technology roadmap that will effectively support the needs of various internal departments, while considering both local and remote workers, including but not limited to:
Lead the implementation of new systems and business processes
Interfaces with management to develop recommendations regarding needs of internal customers
Modifies processes or systems in order to ensure business needs are met and related department and employee questions/problems are resolved.
Assists with the testing of all functional changes and new system implementation
Serves as a resource for problem identification and is responsible for accurate resolution
Serves as a central resource and assists with the training of the new processes/computer system
Coordinates and performs user acceptance testing of new system functionality
Develop written training materials as well as procedures to ensure effective implementation of modifications and improvements in information and records management system
Develop processes to monitor the effectiveness of the implementation of new systems and institute remediates as necessary
Data Analytics & Visualization – Identify relevant questions, collect data from multiple sources, organize the information, translate results into solutions, and communicate findings in a way that positively affects business decisions, including:
Develop data visualization products required in order to accurately convey institutional information in a changing environment
Leverage managerial costing knowledge, models, and analytics to visualize information in an effort to propose cost reduction strategies/tactics
Monitor and ensure maintenance of data integrity and quality control of systems.
Forecast in an environment of uncertainty using sensitivity analysis Use statistical techniques such as regression, exponential smoothing, and confidence levels
Accounting – Assist in the preparation of budgets, forecasts, and periodic financial statements, including:
Lead the preparation of annual operating budgets and interim forecasts
Provides analysis of subcontractor financial statements for prequalification
Reconcile managerial cost calculations for decision support with cost accounting calculations for financial reporting, and explain the differences
Assists in month-end close process including but not limited to:
Preparing detailed account analysis
Preparing reports necessary for validating general ledger balances
Preparing journal entries
Ensuring data is properly recorded to provide accurate costing
Perform other duties as required.
Minimum Qualifications:

Applicant will be curious and results-oriented, with exceptional industry-specific knowledge and communication skills, which allows them to convey highly technical information to non-technical counterparts. They will possess a strong quantitative background as well as programming knowledge with focuses in data mining, and modeling to the analysis of trends. Needs to be able to work under general supervision and be accountable for computer system and business process development, testing and training.

Education and Experience:
Minimum of bachelor’s degree with a major in accounting, finance, or data analytics/engineering coupled with 4 years of applicable experience; or
Minimum of Associates degree with a major in accounting, finance, or data analytics/engineering coupled with 10 years of applicable experience; or
A commensurate combination experience in the accounting and data analytics/engineering aspects of the commercial construction industry.
Experience with SQL, PowerBI, Crystal Reports, and an analytics model such as the Cross-Industry Standard Process for Data Mining required.
Primary Location: Columbus, Ohio

Reports to Vice President of Finance and Risk Management

Pay will be commensurate with skills and experience. We pay 70% of health insurance premiums and offer paid holidays, vacations, a matching 401k retirement program, and a bonus program.

Calls from professional recruiters will not be accepted or considered.

Interested candidates should complete an online application. Be sure to complete all fields of the application, including work experience, compensation history, and a message (cover letter) about you are the best fit for this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

We are proud to be an EEO, drug-free, and GREAT place to work.
