UES, Inc. has an opportunity available for a Research Scientist to join our collaborative multi-disciplined team, working at Ohio State University in Columbus, OH and supporting research at the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) in Dayton, OH. The immediate research project will focus on developing and characterizing automated decision-making systems in robotic manufacturing. The goal is to develop a better understanding of causal relationships in manufacturing processes and to affect tighter system control via automated process improvements, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. A strong research background in relevant fields (e.g. statistics, math, computer science), strong programming and communication skills, and a demonstrated desire to learn more about building data resources will be required for this role. The Research Scientist will work closely with both AFRL materials engineers and manufacturing experts as well as professors, students and staff at The Ohio State University (splitting time between both facilities, with the majority of work being done at Ohio State in Columbus, OH) to appropriately develop autonomous robotic manufacturing systems. Consequently, experience with both automation (hardware-software interfacing) and data science (ML, AI, statistics) is required.

Requirements:
MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science, Aerospace Engineering, or a related field of study is required.
1-3 years of experience working in a similar function (inclusive of thesis/dissertation research)
Technical Expertise in automation, machine vision, data science and controls will be required
The position requires work at research facilities within both the OSU campus (Columbus, OH) and AFRL at Wright-Patterson AFB in Dayton, OH (Ratio of work time between OSU and AFRL will be approximately 4:1 OSU to AFRL).
This position is working within a government facility and requires U.S. Citizenship
Additional Experience Preferred:
Familiarity with open-source software suites for automation (ROS, Gazebo, etc.) and ML/AI (TensorFlow, PyTorch, OpenCV, etc.)
Experience with image analysis methods, programming languages (Python, C, C++), and version control software (Git, SVN)
Experience with robotics and manufacturing
Experience with materials and process modeling tools
Additional Information

UES, Inc. is an innovative science and technology company providing customers with superior research and development expertise since its inception in 1973. Our long-term success is a direct result of a strong commitment to the success of our employees. We look forward to reviewing your application.

UES is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and prohibits employment discrimination for employees and applicants based on age, race, color, pregnancy, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, citizenship, or because he or she is an individual with a disability, protected veteran or other status protected by federal, state and local laws.
