OverviewJOB POSTING: Data Analyst - Quality Improvement ServicesFull Time, Benefits Eligible, Monday - FridayWe are seeking a Data Analyst in Quality Improvement Services The QIS Data Analyst is responsible for reviewing and analyzing data that supports various projects in Quality Improvement Services. The QIS Data Analyst manages and maintains databases and sources of information for quality initiatives, accreditation efforts, regulatory mandates, contractual requirement and ad hoc requests. This position coordinates data from various sources.ResponsibilitiesWhy Nationwide Children's HospitalThe moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children's Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.Here, Everyone Matters. We're 12,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we'll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children's badge what they do for a living. They'll tell you it's More Than a Job. It's a calling. It's a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children.What Will You Be Doing?* Provides data support by querying from Clarity/EDW for clinical data using Oracle SQL.* Manager/Administrator for QIS maintained data systems (i.e. Equipment Documentation, patient satisfaction, etc.).* Serves as the subject matter expert for QIS maintained data systems & provides data from these systems.* Develops training materials and trains hospital leaders/staff in various applications (i.e. Equipment Documentation system, patient satisfaction portal etc.).* Maintains QIS monthly/quarterly scorecards.* Performs duties related to constant readiness program.* Analyzes data using appropriate statistical process control charts.* Establishes and maintains timelines for projects and coordinates activities with other requesters to obtain specific information to meet project expectations.* Maintains knowledge level and ability related to continuous quality improvement through publications, conferences, networking with other hospitals and through the website.QualificationsWhat Are We Looking For?To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:* Bachelor's degree in statistics, health informatics, or related field; Masters preferred, MBA, MHA or similar* 2-4 years of experience in health care data analysis; high level working knowledge of Microsoft Office and components, including Access;* Experience with relational databases, SQL, Crystal Reports required* Statistical software SPSS and other tools preferred.* Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills necessary to present and communicate important information effectively to all levels of hospital staff.Your Benefits, Your Wellness:As an employer, Nationwide Children's recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:* Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities* Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being* Support your financial protection and security in retirementMost of our positions are benefits' eligible from day 1.MINIMUM PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS* Talking in person/on the phone Frequently (34-66%)* Standing/Walking Frequently (34-66%)* Typing on a keyboard Frequently (34-66%)EOE/M/F/Disability/VetOptions
