Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

We are seeking qualified applicants for a full-time Environmental Senior Research Scientist position at our headquarters in Columbus, Ohio although alternate locations can be considered.
JOB DESCRIPTION

Our Environmental Business Line conducts research, characterization, and remediation of environmental contamination, and designs and implements environmentally sustainable remedial technologies.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:

As a Senior Research Scientist, the selected individual will design and lead complex and innovative environmental engineering and science projects to effectively characterize contamination in a wide array of media, and design and implement remedial systems to treat the contamination. Examples of responsibilities based on current and anticipated projects include:
Determines the appropriate analysis methods, identifies problems, and develops and implements innovative solutions to solve complex problems.
Analyzes data and provides focused interpretive reports detailing environmental conditions, problems, solutions, and optimization recommendations specific to the project and environmental issues.
Develop procedures and oversee/lead other staff in conducting laboratory and field activities that generate defensible technical data.
Serves as program manager and/or project manager, leading, planning, and conducting major technical environmental programs and projects, coordinating the efforts of technical support staff in the performance of assigned projects within time and budget constraints.
Analyzes and interprets data collected in the laboratory and/or field and oversees the development of various reports which may include environmental laboratory studies, sampling plans, work plans, health and safety plans, groundwater monitoring reports, site assessment reports, well completion/abandonment reports, evaluations of remediation concepts, remedial design documents, and proposals related to environmental project work.
Serves as proposal manager or lead author of major proposals or major sections of large proposals.
Recognized by clients as an expert in one or more specific technical areas of the environmental remediation marketplace, demonstrated through publications and presentations.
Builds effective working relationships with internal and external clients, managing client meetings, and maintains successful business development efforts with key clients to identify, cultivate, and capture major business opportunities.
Assists in developing and implementing strategic plans for business development in specific technical areas and expanding Battelle’s reputation in the environmental remediation market.
Identifies, plans, and leads internal research and development projects focused on growing Battelle’s technical capabilities and new business.
Participates in scientific conferences, peer review panels, and increases company visibility through publications.
Provides strong mentoring, technical guidance, and oversight to other environmental scientists and engineers.
SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES WILL DEMONSTRATE:
Experience managing large projects/programs in the environmental remediation industry with DoD and/or EPA clients.
Experience leading and coordinating multidiscipline teams to successfully execute laboratory, remedial design, environmental field projects and/or internal research projects.
Experience with soil, groundwater, surface water, and/or soil-gas contamination laboratory study, investigation and remediation projects including techniques, instrumentation, and equipment utilized on such projects, and preparation of technical documents.
Ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness, including the development and application of innovative technical principles and concepts to solve current and future problems in the environmental remediation industry, including emerging contaminants.
Technical thought leadership and ability to identify and resolve problems associated with the development and implementation of complex laboratory, remedial design, and/or field projects and programs.
Proven ability to both work independently and lead a team.
Positive attitude and eagerness to take on new and technically challenging tasks.
THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS MUST BE MET TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:
Master’s Degree in environmental-related discipline with 8 to 10 years’ experience
Registered Professional Engineer (PE) or Professional Geologist (PG) if degreed in one of these technical disciplines.
Program and/or Project Management experience with multi-million dollar, complex remediation and site assessment projects
Demonstrated expertise with innovative technologies and/or emerging contaminants
Training: 40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER and current 8-hour annual refresher certification.
Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work in the office, laboratory, and/or field setting. Travel to out-of-state project locations and conferences very likely required.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED, BUT NOT REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:
PhD in environmental-related discipline.
Project Management Professional (PMP).
Legal Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
