Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

Battelle’s Infrastructure and Environment (I&E) Business Unit is currently seeking candidates for a full time, permanent position as a Crop Protection Research Scientist. This position is located in West Jefferson, Ohio.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Follow test protocols and standard operating procedures to assess the performance of pesticide spray solutions for clients, specifically evaluations of spray drift and volatility.
Oversee small teams; manage, schedule and direct high throughput assessments.
Assemble, maintain, and operate prototype aerosol/vapor generation systems.
Troubleshoot workflow issues and communicate possible changes in procedures to solve problems.
Inspect, test, maintain, and document laboratory equipment.
Generate high quality reports, test plans, presentations, and other requested documents for clients.
Establish and maintain professional relationships with clients and internal colleagues.
Effectively work and collaborate with researchers and support staff at varying levels within the organization.
Manage and prioritize multiple studies to meet deadlines.
Follow established safety guidelines to safely work with hazardous materials.
May train, mentor, and provide technical leadership for staff.
Limited local travel is anticipated.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
B.S. in a related field (Agriculture, Chemistry, Agricultural/Chemical Engineering) AND 6 years of relevant experience, M.S. in a related field AND 3 years of relevant experience; or Ph.D. in a related field AND 1 year of relevant experience.
Experience handling chemicals in a laboratory, shop, or field environment.
Experience in leading studies – specifically collecting deposition/air samples from an application or dissemination event.
Experience with various air samplers (PUFs, sorbent tubes, bubblers, APS, etc.).
U.S. Citizenship; will accept Permamemt Resident.
Sufficiently medically fit to work in the laboratory to perform assigned duties including the ability to wear personal protection equipment (PPE), lift up to 50 pounds, and work in the proximity of toxic chemicals.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Knowledge of analytical chemistry instrumentation (GC, GC/MS, HPLC, LC/MS/MS, etc.).
Experience operating a Malvern Spraytec and Artium Phase Doppler Interferometer.
Knowledge of aerosol generation/sampling/classifying equipment.
Basic knowledge and understanding of conducting research under ISO and/or GLP standards.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle's Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
