Job Description
New Challenge: New Team, New Office! Protect Our Environment By Your Algorithms

Did you ever think or did you hear about pipelines and integrity? Or, why should pipelines need machine learning?

The answer is simple: Pipeline inspection generates a lot of sensor data (e.g. from ultrasonic sensors) which have to be analyzed using state of the art computer vision techniques. Think of it like doing healthcare just for pipelines.

Interested? Then learn more about industrial machine learning applications and data analysis for pipeline data in a start-up environment. Be part of a new team, shape the team and your future and enjoy working in a multi-cultural and multi-national team.

We love Python, C++, Tensorflow, Docker, Kubernetes and want to stay as close as possible to the state of the art tools and research in machine learning, data science and big data. Our ideal team member has a creative mind and natural curiosity when faced with challenging data science task. We cherish self-improvement and continuous learning and offer the possibility to create new data-driven visions for the future using your own methods.

We are looking for a new team of:
Data Engineers for Industrial Image Data
Data Scientists for Industrial Image Processing
Software Developers / C++/PyThon
Linux Administrators / DevOps
You will be working in an extremely creative environment with a lot of freedom focused on a joint target with great opportunities to grow internationally.

ROSEN is going to extend its Data Analytics Footprint in Columbus/Ohio and you can be part of this groundbreaking journey for our company.

The Company in the Background: www.rosen-group.com

ROSEN is a leading privately owned company that was established as a one-man business in 1981. Over the last 38 years, ROSEN has grown rapidly and is today a worldwide technology group that operates in more than 120 countries with over 3,800 employees.

ROSEN is an extended team of people with a passion for technology and innovation. “empowered by technology” is the key to our sophisticated and highly innovative products and services to the oil and gas and other engineering industries. The focus of all our research efforts and high tech solutions is on a safe operation of assets and therefore provide protection for both people and the environment.

Responsibilities
Design of a big data infrastructure (storage, formats, interfaces, etc.)
Identification of data sources and transformation into suitable formats
Definition of data requirements together with data scientists
Development of suitable tools for data access
Fusion of extremely heterogeneous data sources
(e.g. historical data, metadata, simulation data, etc.)
Identification of potential cooperation partners
Maintenance and continuous improvement of machine learning models
Development of big data pipelines for efficient data processing
Visit of national and international conferences on a regular basis
Requirements

To become part of the ROSEN family, you convince through a result-oriented, structured and independently working method. Moreover, you should bring with you:
Successfully completed a degree in computer science or other area with strong programming background
Passion for data and for the development of tools to master them
Good grasp of big data infrastructures and relevant big data tools
Mastering of a programming language like python and database systems
Enthusiasm for new technologies
Good teamwork skills in interdisciplinary teams
Education and Experience
University degree in computer science, commercial information technology, physics or equivalent
5+ years relevant work experience in the field of data engineering

Company Description
ROSEN is a leading privately owned company serving the oil and gas industry with inspection, integrity, and rehabilitation products and services. For over 35 years, ROSEN has provided the industry with advanced inspection solutions to ensure safe and economical operation of a wide range of assets and facilities. The ROSEN Group operates in more than 120 countries and employs over 3,000 people.

ROSEN is an extended team of people with a passion for technology and innovation. Our claim “empowered by technology” is the key to our sophisticated and highly innovative products and services to the oil and gas and other engineering industries. The focus of all our research efforts and high tech solutions is on a safe operation of assets and therefore provide protection for both people and the environment.
