To perform routine, work-flow processes within the quality control laboratory to meet customer requirements by supporting the testing of raw materials and finished products while ensuring regulatory compliance standards and release times are met.

Perform qualitative, quantitative chemical and physical testing and as specified by compendia or specification for raw materials, packaging components and finished products and intermediates
Maintain laboratory data in an orderly manner in laboratory notebooks, worksheets and documents.
Perform peer review of analytical testing documentation.
Complete and/or conduct required training according to the laboratory and site curriculum.
Other Duties as assigned.

BS in Chemistry or a science-related field. One or more years of pharmaceutical experience preferred.
Required: hands-on experience with the following, preferably in a GMP or industrial setting:
pH meters
Analytical Balances and scales
Computer applications (Microsoft Office – Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Basic statistical inference (standard deviation, linear regression tools)
Required: ability to work independently using a team approach to accomplish tasks assigned; ability to work on multiple projects in a fast pace environment.
Required: good written and verbal communication skills.
Prior work related experiences or knowledge that are highly desirable include:
Validation, execution and transfer of analytical methods
Compendial testing of raw materials (APIs, excipients, package components)
Pharmaceutical products and intermediate testing. The individual must be able to perform compendial and non-compendial testing for multiple projects at one time.
Experience with Empower data analysis software.
cGMP, DEA, or other regulated environment
Hands-on experience with the following analytical techniques is highly desirable, in a scholastic or industrial setting. Individual will receive formal training in these techniques as appropriate to their specific role:
Chromatography: HPLC, GC, IC, uPLC
Spectroscopy: UV, UV/Vis, IR/FTIR, Raman, NIR, XRF, IonScan
Dissolution
Physical Tests: Particle Sizing, microscopy, DSC, TGA, XRD
Specialized pharmaceutical testing (Compendial Monograph or General Chapter, dissolution)
Working knowledge of the specified equipment and techniques to perform troubleshooting is highly desired.

Please note that Hikma does not accept unsolicited resumes or calls from third-party recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Master Service Agreement and approval from HR to submit resumes for a specific requisition, Hikma will not consider or approve payment to any third-parties for hires made.
