Description

New Challenge: New Team, New Office! Protect Our Environment With Your Algorithms

Have you ever thought about pipelines and integrity? Why should pipelines need machine learning?

The answer is simple: Pipeline inspections generate a lot of sensor data (e.g. from ultrasonic sensors) which have to be analyzed using state of the art computer vision techniques. Think of it like doing healthcare just for pipelines.

Interested? Then learn more about industrial machine learning applications and data analysis for pipeline data in a start-up environment. Be part of a new team. Shape the team and your future. Enjoy working in a multi-cultural and multi-national team.

We love Python, C++, Tensorflow, Docker, Kubernetes and want to stay as close as possible to the state of the art tools, research in machine learning, data science and big data. Our ideal team member has a creative mind and natural curiosity when faced with challenging data science tasks. We promote self-improvement and continuous learning and we offer the possibility to create new data-driven visions for the future using your own methods.

We are looking for a new team of:
Data Engineers for Industrial Image Data
Data Scientists for Industrial Image Processing
Software Developers / C++/PyThon
Linux Administrators / DevOps

You will be working in an extremely creative environment with a lot of freedom, focused on a joint target with great opportunities to grow internationally.

ROSEN is going to extend its Data Analytics Footprint in Columbus, Ohio and you can be part of this groundbreaking journey for our company.

Responsibilities
Design of a big data infrastructure (storage, formats, interfaces, etc.)
Identification of data sources and transformation into suitable formats
Definition of data requirements together with data scientists
Development of suitable tools for data access
Fusion of extremely heterogeneous data sources (e.g. historical data, metadata, simulation data, etc.)
Identification of potential cooperation partners
Maintenance and continuous improvement of machine learning models
Development of big data pipelines for efficient data processing
Visit of national and international conferences on a regular basis

Requirements

Requirements

To become part of the ROSEN family, you convince through a result-oriented, structured and independently working method. Moreover, you should bring with you:
Successfully completed a degree in computer science or other area with strong programming background
Passion for data and for the development of tools to master them
Good grasp of big data infrastructures and relevant big data tools
Mastering of a programming language like python and database systems
Enthusiasm for new technologies
Good teamwork skills in interdisciplinary teams

Education and Experience
University degree in computer science, commercial information technology, physics or equivalent
5+ years relevant work experience in the field of data engineering

Our Offer

About Rosen-Group

The ROSEN Group in Coumbus, USA acts as a partner in technology development for 20 global subsidiaries. The location supports the entire Group, developing, building and delivering innovative solutions based on client requests.

ROSEN USA offers an exceptional working environment, salary commensurate with experience and incredible benefits package.
