JOB POSTING – Post Doctoral Scientist – RI Biobehavioral Taylor
Full time Exempt: Main Campus; Mon-Fri 8 AM – 5 PM
We are seeking a Post Doctoral Scientist with interests in research on the effects of brain injury or disease on development from the fields of pediatric neuropsychology, developmental psychology, or a related behavioral health or developmental science profession. The fellow will design and conduct research projects with a faculty mentor on developmental outcomes and related interventions for children with conditions such as preterm birth, TBI, epilepsy, and cancer. Candidates with clinical backgrounds will have opportunity to participate in some clinical activities.
Training and mentorship will be available in research methods, grantsmanship, and academic career development. The fellow will also collaborate with faculty from the Center for Biobehavioral Health, the Center for Injury Research and Policy, and the Center for Innovation in Pediatric Practice. For additional information on training go to: http://www.nationwidechildrens.org/patient-centered-pediatric-research-program.

Why Nationwide Children's Hospital?
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
With guidance from a mentor, design experiments and develops protocols required to conduct productive research in a specific scientific area.
After the study has been designed, performs the research work in accordance with the protocol.
Helps to train research assistants and other support staff in performing specific techniques essential to carrying out the research program.
Records and analyzes data generated by the research study and helps to plan future research endeavors.
Prepares scientific and technical papers from the results of the research work. Publishes papers in appropriate refereed scientific journals.
Trains research assistants in statistical methods and analysis; assist in development and support of data management procedures
Presents findings at local and national research forums.
If appropriate, collaborates with other ongoing research efforts either at Nationwide Children's Hospital or at The Ohio State University.
Works toward research independence. Prepares to submit proposals to and obtain funding from external granting agencies.
Gain experience with all levels of the research process including aspects of study design and data collection.

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
Possession of their doctoral degree by the start date. The fellowship will be at least 2 years in duration
Letters stating the candidate’s research interests, career goals, and qualifications should be mailed with a curriculum vita and three letters of reference. Please send all materials c/o Kerry Orton, Nationwide Children’s Hospital, 700 Children’s Drive, Columbus, Ohio, 43205, or Kerry.orton@nationwidechildrens.org.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
Sitting Constantly (67-100%)
Talking on phone/in person constantly (67-100%)
Typing on a keyboard occasionally (0-33%)
Standing/walking occasionally (0-33%)
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
