Post Doctoral Scientist- Center for Gene Therapy
Full Time, Benefit Eligible; M-F- 8AM-5PM
We are seeking a Post Doctoral Scientist- The Bradbury Laboratory is dedicated to understanding disease mechanisms and developing therapeutic approaches for rare, pediatric neurodegenerative disorders. Advances in adeno-associated virus (AAV) vectors have led to safer and more efficient viral vehicles to deliver therapeutic transgenes in a single injection, and gene therapy is now a favorable therapeutic intervention for monogenic diseases. A primary focus of the Bradbury lab is improving AAV targeting of myelinating cells, a current limitation of AAV, in order to advance therapeutic outcomes for leukodystrophies and other white matter disorders. The Bradbury lab is translational in nature with a commitment to safely and efficiently moving therapies into the clinic for rare, pediatric disorders. We are looking for a highly motivated postdoctoral person to join our dynamic team. In particular, we are looking for someone with experience in molecular biology (cloning, qPCR, IF, WB), as well as mouse experience (breeding, behavioral testing, injections, and dissection). Background in gene therapy and/or neuroscience is preferred but not required. The applicant should be highly interested in translating therapies for pediatric genetic diseases and should be eager to learn and work on the bench in an independent manner. The job description includes, but is not restricted to performing research experiments, maintaining detailed records of experiments, preparing laboratory reports, analyzing data and preparing publications and grant applications.

What Will You Be Doing?
Performs research experiments independently (after training period) in accordance with protocols approved by the principal investigator. Such experiments will involve the use of laboratory animals.
Handling, breeding, behavior testing, injecting, dissecting mice, and mounting tissue for use in research studies, as applicable. Molecular biology and cell culture skills are also required. Such activities may be performed independently and may require evening and weekend hours.
Ensures accuracy of laboratory analytical procedures as required by specific research projects.
Collects and controls experimental data; and maintains accurate daily logs of experiments including purpose of the experiments, methods, results, conclusions and future direction.
Interprets the results of data analyses with input from the principal investigator.
Prepares abstracts, annual reports, scientific papers, grant applications, and presentations. Experience in statistical analysis and figure making preferable.
Train other laboratory workers and students in standard methods, practices, procedures, and equipment operations. Maintains a clean working area and performs general laboratory maintenance. Adheres to proper safety techniques and procedures.
Performs other duties as required for scientific excellence in the research program.

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
Ph.D. Molecular biology (cloning, qPCR, IF, WB) and mouse colony experience required.
Experience in neuroscience and/or gene therapy preferred but not required.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
65% Bench work
15% Interpreting results of data analyses with PI
10% Miscellaneous paperwork associated with research
7.5% Instructing other lab personnel
2.5% Ordering supplies
100% Kneeling / reaching 100% Finger dexterity 100% Talking / hearing / seeing 33% Lifting / carrying weight 0-20 pounds for 1-5 minutes
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE M/F/Disability/Vet
