JOB POSTING – Research Scientist Sr. – RI Deans
Full time: Main Campus; Mon-Fri 8 AM – 5 PM
We are seeking a Senior Research Scientist -
The Center for Surgical Outcomes Research (CSOR) seeks a Senior Research Scientist to lead the formulation, development and implementation of research in the area of pediatric surgical health services and outcomes research. CSOR, within the Center for Innovation in Pediatric Practice, conducts applied clinical and health services research on a wide variety of topics related to pediatric surgery and also performs methodological research in epidemiology and biostatistics. The Senior Research Scientist will be integral to maintaining the strong collaborative reputation of CSOR through ensuring the integrity of research study design, data collection, management, analysis, and dissemination. He or she will be integral to framing and furthering the research of CSOR investigators as well as surgeons and surgical residents and fellows across multiple surgical sub-specialties, especially pediatric general surgery and urology.

Why Nationwide Children's Hospital?
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
1.
Collaboratively design experiments and develop protocols required to conduct innovative and impactful pediatric surgical and outcomes research.
2.
Support internal and external funding applications.
3.
Recommend data sources that can be used to answer specific research questions of interest. Ensure that relevant data is collected or extracted as appropriate.
4.
Mentor and support research staff, students, residents and fellows in the development of rigorous research protocols, collection and analysis of data, and preparation of presentations and manuscripts.
5.
Develop statistical programs for data manipulation, management, and analysis.
6.
Recommend and execute complex statistical procedures including, but not limited to, hypothesis tests, linear and nonlinear models, mixed effects models, multivariate models, and sample size and power calculations.
7.
P
repare internal reports that summarize the statistical analyses of data, interpret the findings, and provide conclusions and recommendations.
8.
Contribute to the preparation and revision of scientific abstracts, presentations and peer-reviewed scientific manuscripts.
9.
Facilitate CSOR operations by tracking research activity and monitoring study timelines.
10.
Promote collaboration across multiple surgical subspecialties at NCH through engagement in studies with PIs and trainees across multiple surgical subspecialties.
11.
Advance personal scholarship in pediatric surgical health services and outcomes research, consistent with the mission of CSOR.

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
Ph.D, Pharm.D., or equivalent degree
Knowledge of clinical and health services research processes, with the ability to design and perform statistical analyses for retrospective studies using large administrative healthcare databases and registries, single and multi-center retrospective and prospective observational studies, and clinical trials.
Statistical software competence required (e.g., SAS, Stata, R).
Strong verbal and written communication skills are essential including experience in peer-reviewed journal publication and grant writing.
Effective interpersonal skills are required for interactions with diverse populations.
Strong organizational skills are necessary.
Ability to function independently and to make decisions is essential.
Experience consulting in a collaborative research environment is desired.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum physical requirements:
100% Kneeling / reaching
100% Finger dexterity
100% Talking / hearing / seeing
33% Lifting / carrying weight 0-20 pounds for 1-5 minutes
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
