JPMorgan Chase& Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. Chase Consumer & Community Banking (CCB) serves nearly 66 million consumers and 4 million small businesses with a broad range of financial services through our 137,000 employees.
The CCB Business Modeling Center of Excellence is a newly-formed team of data scientists focused on quantitative modeling for marketing, finance and operations. The team answers complex and unique questions, utilizing cutting edge quantitative and computational techniques and leveraging one of the world's largest repositories of consumer data. We work closely with our partners throughout JPMorgan Chase to assess and execute critical business decisions.

Responsibilities:

In this role, you will build models to answer questions and create forecasts for teams across the Finance organization at JPMorgan Chase. Your duties will include:
Building statistical, econometric, and machine learning models for key business drivers, including forecasting deposits, loans, and revenue, and optimizing strategies
Performing advanced quantitative analysis of large datasets to identify trends, patterns, and correlations that can be used to improve business performance
Communicating results across audiences throughout JPMorgan Chase
Actively contributing to the continuous learning mindset of the organization by bringing in new ideas and perspectives that stretch the thinking of the group
Examples of projects that you could be working on include:
Modeling the performance of branches or bankers to improve the branch network
Predicting credit card redemption patterns
Applying ML algorithms to customer-level data to optimize business decision-making
Forecasting call volume to optimize staffing levels
Qualifications:

Candidates should have a PhD in a quantitative field of study, such as statistics or economics, and a sound foundation in one or more of the following analytical disciplines:
Statistical and econometric modeling
Machine learning methods
Data manipulation and management
Ability to write code in at least one of the following: R, Python, or equivalent
In addition, you must have excellent written and oral communication skills, be deeply curious and highly motivated, and be able to translate ambiguous business problems into a conceptual mathematical framework.

Candidates should have at least three years of experience, preferably in financial services or a closely related industry.Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
