Urgent need for DATASCIENCE TECHNICAL LEAD ARCHITECT with our company DATAECONOMY. Data Science Technical Lead Architect DATAECONOMY Columbus, OH We are looking for a seasoned hand-on data science leader to join our data science team. In this role, you will lead a team of data science engineers to build several cutting edge solutions on AWS. This job can be remote but some travel is required. 8+ years of professional software development experience Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or technology-related field, or equivalent field experience Minimum 5 years of experience working on Data Science projects using R, Python, Analytical libraries. Should have worked with a full life cycle of hypothesis, model development, model validation, model deployment, etc. Should have strong experience with Predictive and prescriptive and optimization models Should have hands-on experience with AWS SageMaker for developing predictive models Strong experience in feature engineering for model development. Strong experience of the process involved in conditioning and data preparation for data science activities. Need strong knowledge of Machine learning libraries like Neural Networks, Support Vector Machine, Random forest. Strong knowledge of Deep learning algorithms like Tensorflow, Caffe, Torch, Theano, and Keras, etc. Must have experience with Big Data Technologies like Apache Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc. Strong SQL, NoSQL, SparkSQL, and ANSI SQL query language skills, providing recommendations on storage performance tuning like partitions, indexes, etc. Experience with Ingestion technologies like Kinesis, MSK (Kafka), SQS, Glue, etc. is desirable Expertise with processing multiple patterns of data primarily processing real-time, batch and MQ messages type of data inputs Programming experience in Pig, Java and Linux shell scripting Job Responsibility Working with the clients to understand the requirements. Perform feature engineering, collaborate with the customer to select the right variablesfeatures for model development Design and Development of Predictive and Prescriptive Models BENEFITS Company's Standard Benefits - Medical Insurance,Vision Insurance,Dental Insurance and 401(k) Thanks and Regards J A S O N P A U L DELIVERY MANAGER SALES, RECRUITMENT TAG OPERATIONS E-Mail jasondataeconomy.io mailtojasondataeconomy.io Phone 614-734-1434 Mobile 614-656-6698 565 Metro PI S300, Dublin, OH 43017. www.dataeconomy.io httpwww.dataeconomy.io
