Help us transform patients' lives.

At UCB, we put our heart, soul, and skills into making a difference for people living with severe disease. Working together to push the boundaries, we blend the best of our talents to unlock innovation. Will you join us in our pioneering adventure?

Role overview

The successful candidate will be part of the global Biotransformation and Enzymology team and will contribute to drug discovery and development projects in immunology as well as neuroscience therapeutic areas.

The role can be based in either Slough, UK or Braine, Belgium.

Primary responsibilities
To generate, report and communicate metabolic profiles in different biological matrixes from in vitro and/or in vivo studies with particular emphasis on active and reactive metabolites by interpretation of mass spectral data
To provide expert biotransformation knowledge linked to enzymology and DMPK properties to projects at all stages of the value chain including life cycle management
As part of drug design teams, to contribute to multi-parameter drug design providing strong ADME input
For late stage projects, to plan, perform and interpret cross species and radiolabeled metabolite identification as well as human ADME studies for regulatory submissions including MIST evaluation working closely with the DMPK and Safety/Tox Representatives
To champion and develop new scientific approaches and technologies and guide development of new assay

Essential experience
Ph. D. (or equivalent) experience in Analytical Chemistry or Organic Chemistry or education in DMPK related areas with strong emphasis on organic chemistry and LC/MS
Experience in biotransformation and metabolism work in pharmaceutical industry
Strong background in metabolite identification and drug design with hands on experience in LC/MS, bioanalytical chemistry and enzymology
Experience in both drug discovery and development phases would be beneficial

Technical requirements
In-depth knowledge of laboratory equipment and instrumentation, with particular focus on mass spectrometry
Drug hunter mentality with expert knowledge in metabolic chemistry and ability to link in-depth knowledge of drug metabolism, physicochemical properties into structural motives to guide design of NCEs working closely with medicinal chemistry
Familiarity with in silico tools, data analysis and drug design platforms
Excellent understanding of the expression/functionality of the enzymes in various in vitro systems
Ability to apply understanding of drug metabolizing enzymes to elucidate biotransformation pathways and identify metabolites based on experimental data and in silico approaches
Experience in working with radiolabeled drugs and drug candidates
Strong knowledge of international regulatory principles and guidelines regarding human metabolites with particular emphasis on MIST
Able to work independently in analyzing, interpreting data, writing reports, and managing study flows
Experience in mentoring junior scientists and students
Keep abreast of literature and scientific advances in the field of drug metabolism and disposition
Strong publication record and frequent presenter at international conferences
Strong communication and collaborative skills with an ability to facilitate agile decision making in a team working environment

We can offer you an excellent opportunity to join an exciting company as well as, a competitive salary package, continuous professional and personal development, training and career progression.
About us.

UCB- Inspired by Patients. Driven by Science. Everything we do starts with a simple question: “How will this create value for people living with severe diseases?” By putting patients at the heart of what we do, our approach – from discovery to development to delivery – is continuously transformed and designed around patient needs and their journey.

With a team of approximately 7,500 employees and operations in more than 40 countries, we are a global biopharmaceutical company investing more than a quarter of our revenue in cutting-edge scientific research. We are focused on addressing chronic, neurological, immunological, and bone diseases.

Curious to know more? Please visit our website www.ucb.com.

UCB and its subsidiaries encourage diversity and inclusion in the workplace; we are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
