Find a career. Gain a family.

Safelite will be unlike any place you've ever worked. (This won't be just the daily grind!) You'll join caring and passionate teams that collaborate to make a difference, deliver extraordinary results and bring unexpected happiness. Every day. Your effort, heart and creative ideas will be valued and rewarded. And we care about your well-being. So, we'll strive to give you what you need to have a happy work/life balance.

Purpose:
The Senior Data Engineer will design, build, and deliver highly visible and innovative reporting solutions. This role will model and ELT (Extract/Load/Transform) data into a cloud repository (Snowflake) for report consumption. This position works with domain experts to architect, design and build data models and semantic layers based on business rules.

Essential Activities:
Migrate data and tools (modernize) from on premise to Cloud technologies
Design and create data models/semantic layers
Design, develop, automate, monitor and maintain ELT applications using Safelite preferred tools and techniques
Performance tune ELT to manage high volume batch data transfer to and from internal and external system locations
Recommend solutions and lead team through the process
Interact with cross-functional teams, project managers and agile teams to estimate development efforts and ensure complete delivery of solutions and accurate requirement fulfillment
Influence the business and leadership on processes and procedures that will drive value within the business and across the technical landscape
Communicate effectively and efficiently both written and verbally
Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree (BA/BS/BFA) or Equivalent
7-10 years related work experience
Experience with AWS technologies with, preferably, Snowflake as the backend
Extensive experience with delivery using ELT tools and techniques (i.e., Informatica, DataStage, SSIS, Talend, etc)
Expert understanding of data warehouse and master data management approaches, ELT industry standards and best practices
Experience building Data Vault and/or Star Schema models
Experience with BI reporting tools a plus such as Tableau or Looker
Possess strong communication skills and the ability to work with technical teams and business teams
Apply now!

We're known as an auto glass company. That's the focus of what we do. But we're much more -- we're a growing and evolving service brand. And what really makes us unique is our people. Because at our core, we're a People Powered organization -- and our people come first and our culture matters. We'll help you find a fulfilling career path and encourage you to have a life. Let us be the best place you'll ever work. Learn more.
