As an experienced Sr. Data Modelerf our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes
Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Minimum 7 years in Information Technology Database Development and Delivery
Enrollment and onboarding (products and services onboarding and management)
Security (Authentication, Authorization, Risk)
Data strategy
Data protection, replication, reconciliation, and distribution
SQL Development preferably with Oracle DB
Implement business and IT data requirements through new data strategies and designs across all data platforms (relational, dimensional, and NoSQL) and data tools (reporting, visualization, analytics, and machine learning).
Work with business and application/solution teams to implement data strategies, build data flows, and develop conceptual/logical/physical data models
Define and govern data modeling and design standards, tools, best practices, and related development for enterprise data models.
Identify the architecture, infrastructure, and interfaces to data sources, tools supporting automated data loads, security concerns, analytic models, and data visualization.
Hands-on modeling, design, configuration, installation, performance tuning, and sandbox POC.
Work proactively and independently to address project requirements and articulate issues/challenges to reduce project delivery risks.
