About the Position


We are seeking a motivated, intelligent individual to work with our networking and systems administration teams in our Data Centers in the borough of Manhattan in NYC. The position is a combination of rack and stack, networking and systems administration in a Data Center environment. This is a hands-on position where the individual will be challenged to deliver high quality work in a dynamic environment, with the following responsibilities:
Work as a support resource for different groups within technology, including the systems administration, software development and network engineering groups.
Travel to different data centers to install, configure, monitor, and troubleshoot new and existing equipment.
Maintain responsibility for the overall security, organization, documentation, safety, cleanliness and supplying of the data center
Suggest improvements to current processes when there are better alternatives.
Coordinate logistics of shipping/receiving server, network and telecommunications equipment.
Rack, cable and provision servers and networking equipment.
Maintain inventory for cabling, optics and network equipment.
Perform hardware maintenance on rack-mounted servers.
Measure, install, dress and label copper and fiber cabling.
Work with carriers on installation of services.
Troubleshoot server issues with the guidance of senior SysAdmins.
Troubleshoot network issues with senior network engineers.
Help to troubleshoot equipment failures, then install and configure replacements.
Supervise vendors and trades when they are working in the data center on behalf of Jane Street
About You
Self-driven, independent individual.
1-2 years of experience working in a Data Center environment; racking & stacking equipment and cable management.
Ability to work evenings and occasional weekends.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability of analytical and interpersonal skills.
Basic knowledge of network operating systems would be nice to have
Basic knowledge of data center best practices and cabling methodology.
Ability to lift up to 50 pounds and climb ladders to install cabling and equipment.
Not required, but nice to have:
Ability to terminate copper/fiber cabling.
Experience Upgrading firmware and BIOS settings of servers.
Ability to test and troubleshoot dark fiber connectivity.
Basic Bash/Python scripting experience.
Familiarity with Dell, Cisco, Arista, Ciena, Corning, and/or Ortronics products.
