Hi, we're Oscar. We're hiring an Operations Engineer to join our Insurance Operations team in our New York City office.

Oscar is a technology-driven, consumer-focused health insurance startup founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City. Our goal is to make health insurance simple, transparent, and human. We need your help to do so.

What is the Position?

You'll work within Oscar's Operations organization to improve upon Oscar's adjudication infrastructure and underlying logic, playing an essential role in the transition to a next-generation technology platform for core insurance functions. You will design the rules that determine when and how to pay claims, for establishing data integrations to promote Oscar's entry into new markets and products, and will work closely alongside Oscar's Tech and Data teams to connect your work into the broader Oscar ecosystem. Finally, you will be the owner of projects to contribute to a unique provider and member experience and will be necessary to supporting Oscar's growing membership.

You'll collaborate with the Insurance Operations team, Claims and Member Engineering, data scientists, and business leads. We'll expect you to understand complexity, distill it, and explain it in simple, structured terms.

You will report to the Associate Director, Insurance Operations

Deliverables: What you have to achieve

During the first 6 weeks you have:
Developed a thoughtful understanding of the operations ecosystem (including the underlying technology) and its current strengths, weaknesses, and gaps.
Internalized the coding languages and data structures used in both older health industry systems and the next generation tech platform that Oscar is building.
Begun to form a working relationship with all partners.
During the first 6 months you have:
Build scripts and tools to ensure seamless data integrations between Oscar's external partners and its new insurance technology stack.
Become an expert on the primary member and provider data models used in health insurance operations.
Partnered closely with the Claims Engineering and Data teams to structure and operationalize the next generation of claim adjudication and payment.
On an ongoing basis you will:
Build and oversee Claims and Member data integrations and accompanying technical projects for Oscar's entrance into Medicare Advantage.
Distill the requirements of new product and market expansions and design automated workflows to reduce manual work requirements.
Support the Claims and Member configuration operations team to resolve provider and member escalations through issue investigation, training, and technical tooling.
What leads to your success?

Must-have qualities include:
A bachelor's degree
A technical bend and the ability to use tools to answer questions (e.g. SQL/Python)
Outstanding structured, systematic thinking
A passion for distilling complex concepts and workflows into clear content
2 or more years experience in a technical role (QA analyst, PM, operations analyst, finance, consulting, industrial engineering)
We think it will make a big (positive) difference if you have...
An academic and professional background in coding, math, statistics, or data science
Knowledge and passion of healthcare or health insurance
Are naturally curious and desire to seek the truth
Knowledge management, training, or content development experience
A willingness to master the detail but also zoom out to understand the big picture
Start-up experience
An enjoyment experimenting and iterating on ways to solve a problem
Life at Oscar

At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free hiring practices. It means that we cultivate an environment where people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change health care -- an experience made whole by our unique backgrounds and perspectives.

We encourage our members to care for their whole selves, and we encourage our employees to do the same with comprehensive medical benefits, generous paid-time off, paid parental leave, retirement plans, company social events, stocked kitchens, wellness programs, and volunteer opportunities.

Reasonable Accommodation

Oscar applicants are considered solely based on their qualifications, without regard to applicant's disability or need for accommodation. Any Oscar applicant who requires reasonable accommodations during the application process should contact the Oscar Benefits Team (accommodations@hioscar.com) to make the need for an accommodation known.

Pay Transparency Policy

Oscar ensures that you won't be discharged or discriminated against based on whether you've inquired about, discussed, or disclosed your pay. Read the full policy here.
