Company Profile

CEF Solutions Inc. is a Consulting Services, and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) company specialized in providing BPO operations, operations management, process engineering/ innovation, and cost optimization solutions to clients in the customer services industry. We service some of the largest multinational companies in the world and are expanding quickly by delivering an unmatched end-to-end client experience.

Company Website: www.cem-lab.com

Job Description:

Regional Service Engineer is responsible for supporting accounts in the designated markets to ensure high level of performance for both Home Appliance and TV repairs. Offers consistent support (both Technical and Administrative) to technicians ensuring end user customers needs are fulfilled and KPIs are achieved. Responsibilities include providing technical support to the service centers, ride-alongs with the technicians to ensure correct policies are being followed and providing in-depth reporting on in-field performance of all assigned products. The RSE will work closely with the Regional Service Manager (RSM) for the zone providing valuable feedback from the field to help drive performance in the field.

Responsibilities:
Provide technical support to the service companies in the designated markets.
Technician management to insure qualifications and appearance.
Assist with Parts management.
Build solid relationships with RSMs & Service Centers and have a comprehensive working knowledge of their Service Center accounts, operating issues, competitive landscape, and strategic outlook.
The RSE will compile, edit, and gather accurate data and information to develop technical, operational and strategic reports, assuring they are legible and delivered on time.
RSE reports showing regional performance of Service Centers (SVC) and assist in maintaining Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). When needed or requested, Develops/Implements action plans for improvements, with clear root cause analysis, reporting and follow up.
Ensures Service Partners in designated markets are fully supported in all technical and procedural areas and that these partners are satisfied with the companys service and support.
Use targeted reporting tools and processes to prioritize actions and field on-site visits.
Regular meetings with RSMs, Service Centers and Field Leadership to go over reporting related to process improvement tasks, KPIs improvement tasks, SVC support tasks and Ad-Hoc Leadership requests.
Creates detailed reports which include: Surveying service partners, researching databases, performing on-site visits and ride-alongs, obtaining samples of issues raised in the field, and researching potential solutions.
Escalates operational issues and reports pertinent data to head office management, and HQ service operations.
Assist and engages in professional feedback, development plans and corrective actions.
Performs other duties as directed by Head Office leadership.
Qualifications:

EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree or Associates Degree or GED
EXPERIENCE
Minimum 5+ years home appliance or television service or consumer electronics industry related experience
Minimum 2 years high volume account management experience in a customer service industry
Minimum 2 years managing a team within a service industry.
LANGUAGES
Bi-lingual English and Korean preferred
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Experience gathering reports, KPIs and providing data analytics around the performance of our service partners.
Ability to travel by car 50-75% in-state and up to 5% out-of-state
Ability to identify gaps in procedures, policies and/or processes and create/manage improvement plans
Comfortable presenting regular updates to senior Leadership on status of business and/or projects
Analytical capabilities to understand operational impact to customers, business and P&L of different projects, and speak to and demonstrate ROI.
Thinking in a disciplined,strategic, analytical, and logical manner.
Advanced Microsoft Excel,Power Point, & Word skills required
Ability to analyze large data sets to arrive at actionable conclusions
Adapting the leadership style most appropriate for each solution
Ability to communicate with both internal and external customers
Ability to both take strategic direction and deliver direction to team for action
Other Qualifications:
Eligible to work in the United States with no restrictions
Must pass background check
Benefits/Compensation:
Health insurance including dental and vision
Paid vacation and sick days
Salary is negotiable
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
home appliance repair: 5 years (Preferred)
repair: 5 years (Preferred)
Language:
Korean (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.cem-lab.com
