About Daily HarvestDaily Harvest makes nourishing food built on fruits and vegetables accessible. We do this by delivering thoughtfully sourced, chef-crafted food to customers' doorsteps, all ready to enjoy in minutes. We're on a mission to take care of food, so food can take care of you.Our team is collaborative, driven, and future-thinking. We're constantly learning, experimenting, and iterating, and celebrate failure just as much as success. We take risks, try new things, and we get things done. We love adaptogens and cruciferous vegetables but never say no to cake. Everything we do, we do in the service of our community.Position OverviewDaily Harvest is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Data team. The Data team uses data to create better customer experiences, smarter business decisions, and efficiencies company-wide. We do this by providing accurate, actionable analyses, building sophisticated data science products, and by maintaining a reliable data infrastructure.We are looking for a Data Engineer who is excited about building and maintaining reliable data infrastructure that enables stakeholders to conduct accurate, actionable analysis, and build sophisticated data science products that's ready to scale with a growing business. You will work with every part of the company and a wide variety of data sources. Currently, our main data stack is Alooma / Stitch, dbt, BigQuery, and Looker.What you'll do:* Design and build data models and new features that enable stakeholders to answer questions about our business and processes* Refactor existing data models to fit into our transformation layer while optimizing for cost and performance* Build, maintain, and optimize the backend of our business intelligence tool (we use Looker)* Develop tooling, testing, and processes to ensure our data infrastructure is robust and observable* Build and maintain Python pipelines to load data into our warehouse* Translate business asks into technical requirementsWho you are:* Strong SQL skills (experience using dbt is a plus)* Experience developing LookML* Strong communication and stakeholder management skills* Ability to thrive in a fast-moving, evolving, and high growth environment* Experience using Git and GitHub to collaborate on repositories* Experience working with managed ETL services (e.g. Alooma, FiveTran, Stitch)* Experience using cloud services (we use Google Cloud Platform, BigQuery experience is a plus)* Experience implementing CI / CD to test and deploy repositories* Experience using Airflow to orchestrate data pipelines* Experience using Docker to deploy tasks* Experience using Python to extract, clean, and load dataBenefits* Unlimited Daily Harvest to keep you hustling, not hangry + cold brew (...always stocked)* Flexible time-off policy + flexible working hours (Unlimited PTO Plan)* Competitive medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K + equity participation* Ancillary benefits: Commuter, Gym membership + Citi Bike discounts* Access to everything we make (including recipes in development)* Annual company retreat* Quarterly team outings, weekly onsite happy hours, + regular DH team gatherings to celebrate our co-workers* Book club + running club* Showers for post-morning or mid-workday workouts* A dynamic, ambitious, and fun work environment + dog friendly!!At Daily Harvest, our mission is to take care of food, so that food can take care of you. And it wouldn't be possible without our team. We celebrate the unique POV that each person brings to the table and believe in a collaborative and inclusive environment. As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, military or veteran status, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or genetic information. These are our guiding principles and apply across all aspects of employment.
