Reaktor is a team of designers and engineers that craft digital products and services for diverse clients and industries around the globe, with offices in New York, Helsinki, Amsterdam, Tokyo, Dubai, and Stockholm. Our New York office is a lively group of bright and kind people, who are passionate about doing their best work to solve our clients’ most challenging problems.
We’re looking for great engineers with diverse backgrounds for our projects in New York. We need people that can fill hybrid roles with different emphases on the wide context of product development. We don’t have predefined positions: instead, we invite you to come talk to us about your skills, experience, ambitions, and dream role. We hope to find exceptional people to do exceptional work with us, and we believe it’s important that we define your role and path to our mutual growth together.
We avoid unnecessary hierarchy and focus on small, autonomous teams that accomplish their own goals and make their own decisions, and have enough space and time to continuously inspire each other.
What we can offer you

Hybrid, completely autonomous teams, filled with experts in everything from design, to data science, to business consulting, to content.
A community of amazing people who you will learn from and will learn from you.
Experimentation and continuous improvement of our skills and ways of working.
A dedication to constant evolution (and the occasional revolution).
A world without rigid hierarchy—big ideas can come from anyone and anywhere.
What you’ll bring:
Exceptional technological competence.
Ability to make things, and to make things happen.
Compassion for people—both those around you, and those who will use what we build.
Drive to work on complex problems at any part of the project, from type system nuances to organizational dynamics.
A vision and commitment to the future of work: being truly lean and agile and human-centered, and leaving yesterday’s pointless rituals behind.
Readiness to be responsible for your work, development, and career path. Don’t worry: we’ll have your back in whatever you want to achieve, but the end goal is yours to define.
5+ years of real-world experience in building digital products and services.
Authorization to work in the United States.
Think Reaktor sounds like home? Great. Introduce yourself.
We invite you to share details of any open source projects, your GitHub profile, and most importantly, your personality. Be original, not official.
We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status or disability.
