Us and the role

Seated is an app that rewards you for dining out. Users can browse restaurants based on their location, preferences or mood and book either as walk-in or reservation. The seated mobile app, powered by robust microservices architecture, provides a convenient way to upload receipts, verify spend and reward users. The Seated platform further allows users to spend rewards on in-person experiences such as wine tasting & cooking classes or redeem rewards for gift cards from a wide variety of brands such as Uber, Amazon, Target or SoulCycle.

We are fast-paced, innovative & metric-driven, with a team who are passionate about delighting our customers. We are looking for a Data Engineer with proven experience in producing reporting, dashboards, visualizing insights and expertise in data analytics to join this newly data analytics team. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data modeling and processing along with the creativity to invent and customize when necessary using programming and technology platforms.

You will work with data scientists, engineers & product managers hand in hand to build insightful and efficient reporting solutions & data analysis. In your role, you will be a key player in a multi-functional team that delivers insights, having direct and measurable impact on Seated's platforms & consumer applications.

What you'll do
Work with product, engineering & business teams to deliver complex data analysis requests
Visualize datasets across multiple databases & warehouses using tools such as Tableau, D3, Looker, etc.
Build financial models & growth projections for new products and business initiatives
Build ETL pipelines for regular reporting on business and operational KPIs
Help business understand key trends by executing complex analysis via Tableau or ad-hoc SQL queries
Coordinate within cross-functional teams such as engineering, product, marketing, customer experience for various data analysis needs
Proactively build data and event-driven dashboard for real-time business operations and consumer insights
What you'll bring
Bachelors in CS, Statistics, Economics or Engineering, Masters preferred
3+ years of hands-on SQL experience
2+ years of experience in using data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, PowerBI
2+ years of experience in building financial models, growth projections & ETL data pipelines
experience either in R or Python and working with data warehousing solution such as AWS Redshift or Google BigQuery
What you'll get
Comprehensive Healthcare, Dental, and Vision
Generous 401(k) Matching
Stock options
Unlimited PTO
Pre-Tax Flexible healthcare spending account (FSA), Dependent Care FSA and Commuter Benefits
Paid Family Leave
$100 monthly Seated allowance (dine on us)
Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats
Collaborative, dynamic work environment within a fast-paced, mission-driven company
At Seated we welcome passionate people from all backgrounds, helping us make dining experiences more accessible & rewarding. If you have the curiosity & passion to drive our mission together, we would love to hear from you.
