Job Description
Data Engineer
New York (Headquarters)
Latch's data team is continuing to be built from ground up, and we are still actively hiring. We're covering all aspects of the Latch's data strategy including: analysis, engineering, science, & more. We are firm believers of bringing in smart people that can define the roles for themselves, so come join us and start creating greatness.

Smart access isnt about locking doors, its about opening up new possibilities. Latch is the worlds first fully integrated hardware and software system dedicated to bringing seamless access to every door in a modern building. Were looking for the curious and the creative to join our team and help us change the way we access our most valued spaces.

Responsibilities
Understand the data gathered across the entire Latch organization
Design and implement data pipelines, building scalable and optimized enterprise level data systems
Collaborate with other teams in the company, both engineering and business counterparts
Transform raw data into meaningful sets that are query-able and visualizable.
Work closely with Data Analysts and Data Scientists to implement production ready systems
Be a helping hand with tools used by other teams such as Sales CRMs, Ops Customer Success tools, Marketing automation or Finance ERP. Data from these tools are very important to us.
Requirements
BS in Computer Science, Math, related technical field or equivalent practical experience
3+ years of general software programming experience in Java or similar languages
Excellent grasp of data structures and algorithms
Solid level of understanding in SQL
Knowledge of database technology, schema design, and query optimization techniques
Experience in ETL pipelines and data transformations.
Excellent communication skills
Preferred Qualifications
MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related technical field
Experience with Map-Reduce technologies such as Spark or Hadoop.
Understanding of basic data science concepts
Experiencing in productionizing machine learning models.
Acute sense of data analysis: being able to make sense out of many seemingly unrelated data sets.
Founded in 2014, Latch is a venture-backed, high-growth organization that's on a mission to change the way people open, manage, and share their spaces. Today, 1 in 10 new developments in the U.S. depend on our full-building smart access solution to meet the needs of residents and property managers.

We are a team of just over 200 employees, all of whom are passionate self starters with unique backgrounds and unexpected stories. We offer unlimited time off, a competitive health package, and the opportunity to work in a creative, dynamic, and fast-paced office environment. We are located just a quick walk from both Hudson Yards and Penn Station in New York City.
