Position Summary

Reporting to the Quality Manager, the Quality Engineer is responsible for the performance of quality functions addressing the manufacturing processes, including Incoming Quality Control, Metrology Lab, and Quality Assurance. This position works to ensure conformity of products to specified quality standards by performing in-process visual, mechanical and electrical inspections and testing. This position is also responsible for participating throughout the product development cycle to ensure quality is built into new products.

The Quality Engineer provides analysis and recommendations needed to allow manufacturing to produce the products and works with vendor and suppliers on the quality of materials, components and finished good received. Provides effective communication and services in solving production problems or pursuing operations improvements.

Key Responsibilities
Directs audit of finished goods and in-process product and practices.
Reviews rejects and determines responsibility for quality problems.
Confers with engineering and production to discuss problems and recommend potential corrective action.
Compile and analyze data pertaining to Customer Returns and Buy Back, Internal Department Quality Metric (by Department-Stamping, HT, Plating, Staples and by Product Line)
Issues reports pertaining to quality issues of manufactured product.
Issues product hold orders on products that do not meet safety and/or Company quality requirements.
Recommend changes in part specifications in-order-to resolve continued part failures detected in production.
Analyzes nonconformance reports, in-process audits and packed set audit findings for purposes of initiating corrective action.
Participates throughout product development lifecycle to ensure quality is built into new products.
Coordinate and participate in quality planning review in various phases of New Product Development and Product Modification Process.
Create internal audit plan and schedule internal audits.
Assist Quality System Manager in the control of quality documents (manuals, procedures, work instructions and records).
Assist customers on technical and quality questions.
Lead the Control of Non-Conforming Products and Supply Chains.
Champion, monitor and improve the calibration system process.
Participate in corrective action and preventive action process.
Conduct training relating to Quality Control procedures, work instructions, testing, etc.
Participate in contract review, continuous improvements projects and Material Review Board as needed.


Experience and Qualifications
Minimum 3 years experience in Quality Management in a Manufacturing environment, preferably within consumer products
BS degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent. Certified Quality Engineering (CQE) preferred
Possesses exceptional problem-solving skills and proficiency in root cause analysis and continuous improvement, certifications in Six Sigma or other Lean programs a plus
Practical knowledge of Quality Management Systems
Effective communication, computer, technical writing and presentation skills.
Demonstrates strong quality leadership and people management skills.
Practical knowledge of Calibration System, Gaga R&R, Laboratory Equipment (XRF Spectrometer, Universal Testing Machine, Life Cycle Tester, Knoop/Vickers/Rockwell hardness tester, etc.).
