You will join a successful and growing group engaged in
multi-asset automated stat arb trading. We build
a complex suite of research, data, and trading systems.
You'll plan and execute updates to our infrastructure and tools.
You'll take ownership of our Python development environment,
build tools, automated testing, and deployment setup. You'll also
lead
migration of our research workflows and data to a public cloud.
You'll evaluate and implement new tools
and technologies to take our production trading setup to the next
level. You'll improve our research
platform, developer experience, test environment, and config
management.
This is a front office role. You will work directly within an
extremely experienced team of about twenty
quants, engineers, and portfolio managers. We are all technical
and hands-on builders. We'll expect you to
learn about trading and technology from us, and to teach us how
to manage and improve complex
software systems. Each of us wears many hats, and so will you.
This is an ideal role for an experienced developer interested in
quant finance, for a financial developer
looking for systems and infrastructure responsibilities, or a
strong operational engineer looking to
transition to software and infrastructure engineering.
Qualifications
We'll expect you to arrive with these skillsand then level-up
all of them.
Python development skills, not just scripting.
Familiarity with Python tools and data science ecosystem.
Experience with test and CI tools (any).
Solid understanding of git and git workflows.
Basic familiarity with Linux, storage, and networking.
If you are not experienced with Python but have demonstrated
development skills in other languages, we
are open to discussion.
The following further qualifications would help you succeed,
though we expect a talented individual will
be able to acquire them as needed.
Experience on AWS and/or GCP.
Experience with Ansible, Puppet, Chef, or other config
management systems.
Knowledge of testing best practice.
Software and infrastructure security skills.
Experience with relational and/or NoSQL databases.
Familiarity with Docker or another container technolog
