Quadpay was founded in 2018 with the goal to transform the way shoppers pay for their purchases. Would you believe that more than 60% of millennials don’t own a credit card and over 57% of Americans have less than $1,000 in savings? Believe it. Quadpay is helping people make larger purchases accessible with responsible budgeting. We believe in choice and in giving shoppers the freedom and flexibility to manage their purchases in the way that best suits their finances.

We are proud that QuadPay is one of the fastest growing fintech start-ups. We use GSuite to communicate when we aren’t chatting (or often, sending pictures of our pets) on Slack. We’ve got a stocked kitchen and beautiful loft office near Madison Square Park. Our team loves coming to work and has fun during our regular all hands meetings, happy hours, and trivia nights. Come join us!


We’re looking for data fanatics to join the A Team of engineers and analysts that are responsible for building Quadpay’s data infrastructure. We need people who understand data at a granular level – they don’t rely on any one tool but rather understand them all, and each of their pros and cons. This is a unique opportunity to build the data strategy and architecture at a data driven startup that’s changing the world of finance, shoulder to shoulder with a tight team that has your back.
You dream in code:
SQL. Teach us something new, show us what you’ve got
Python/Scala/C# You’ve coded before, you know the importance of efficient, clean code
You thrive in any data environment:
Cloud – we use Azure
Someone who understands complex data and the challenges of accessing it
A real bottom-line person, not someone who throws terms like “big data” around because it’s popular
Traditional/relational databases, Lakes, or Pub/Subs make no difference to you
You know databases inside and out:
Database concepts – indexes, execution engines, etc
Database Administration experience (Azure DWH, SqlServer, Postgresql)
You understand that databases are an integral part of being a Data Engineer
You enjoy looking at and solving big picture problems:
You like to ask questions and devise a complete solution
You want to understand the data (not only the pipes) and you can definitely perform some analytics and build dashboards because you like it.
You love learning new things:
You know that you don’t know enough, and it bothers you that there isn’t enough time in the day to learn about the next topic.
You’re up-to-date on new trends in data – you know who’s using what to solve various problems and are excited for the next release of your favorite tool
If you like being thrown in the deep end of the pool, this team’s for you.
You’re a culture fit:
You believe and want to participate in a blameless culture which focuses on process and technology
You don’t sleep well at night when you leave work with a question unanswered
You feel accountable for everything you do and that sense of urgency has been driving you your entire life
You like to have a good time while getting things done
When we say a “team player” we mean it - you have a crisp high-five and funny stories to tell
You have your team’s back. And the team has yours.
Sense of humor is hugely preferred
Technology is changing the way people interact with the world and we’re bringing that revolution to the way people shop and transact. We allow shoppers to buy anywhere, at anytime - and pay in 4 interest-free, automatic installments over 6 weeks. You get the product right away and QuadPay will pay the merchant upfront.

We're looking for someone who can join our high-functioning team of passionate support professionals and we value a range of diverse backgrounds, experiences, and ideas. We pride ourselves on diversity and creating an inclusive workplace that provides equal opportunities to all persons regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military and/or veteran status, or any other protected classes.

We're growing very quickly and always looking for talented people to join our team and help transform the way consumers shop and pay!
