Come to Insider Inc to build great data products! We are looking for a new team member to join data engineering, where you will be responsible for identifying the data we need to collect, building great ETLs, writing superb SQL against our warehouse, and then working with data science and analytics teams to make the business work better and go faster.Responsibilities:* Collaborate with analysts and business stakeholders to understand data needs and scope out technical requirements for data products* Design and implement data architecture, and support feature enhancements to the data warehouse* Develop and maintain scalable and fault-tolerant data pipelines connecting multiple internal data sources and third-party data through APIs as needed* Discover new opportunities to automate ETL, reporting, and other analytics tasks to drive efficiency and optimize business operations company-wide* Work with stakeholders across divisions to ensure data quality and integrity from data collecting, processing, and presentation* Develop strong subject matter expertise in the data sets that flow into the infrastructure, assess and evaluate the value and quality of new data sources* Explore and identify next-generation reporting options that meet the company's future analytics needsWhat we are looking for:* 2-5 years of experience building data products* Proficiency in Python and SQL* Ability to communicate excellently with both business and technical audiences* Experience translating data needs into deliverables to meet business goals* Self-directed, supremely curious, and detail-oriented* Team player who's able to collaborate across functions* Experience with Google Tag Manager is a plusAbout us:Insider Inc. is a global news and lifestyle publication with teams in New York, London, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and beyond. Our mission is to inform and inspire the digital generation and become the most influential and loved journalism brand in the world. To do this, we delight our audience, clients, and colleagues and we get better every day (you'll hear that mantra a lot). Our employees are world-class storytellers, excellent communicators, "good eggs", and-most of all-effective. We make things happen, love what we do, and have fun while we do it. You can read more about our Mission, Values, and Culture here and more about our company and brands here.Our newsroom has three divisions: Business Insider, Insider News, and Insider Life. As the 4th largest digital media brand in the U.S, we tell stories that command attention and inspire action. We equip a curious and action-oriented audience of more than 375 million, including half of all U.S. millennials on the internet, with the information and inspiration they need to keep the world, and their lives, moving forward. The company started by building the world's largest digital business news site which and has continued to grow and evolve to match the changing passions and interests of its audience. Insider Inc. is home to 50+ content verticals, the #1 daily news show on Facebook, and we publish 16 global editions in 8 languages.We're always growing, and we're looking for talented, curious, and motivated individuals to join our team. We'd love to hear from you - even if you don't meet 100% of our requirements.
