Want to leverage your experience and development skills in the Healthcare industry as a Data Engineer?

CGI is looking for a strong Data Engineer for Healthcare Client to work in Bloomfield, CT.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this changesupporting our clients digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGIs legal duty to furnish information.

Your future duties and responsibilities

As a Data Engineer , this team member will have a superior software development background that will facilitate design and development of technical solutions for new and existing Business Intelligence applications. Interacts with Lead Developers, System Analysts, Business Users, Architects, Test Analysts, Project Managers and peer developers to analyze system requirements, design and develop software applications. Technical solutions and supporting deliverables will be constructed to enable our Healthcare IT client to accomplish their business objectives. This position is on a team that is responsible for providing technical Business Intelligence solutions.

If you are looking for a new challenge and want to make a difference in the Healthcare Industry, this role is for you.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

• The teams scope is to ensure that all the data related Pharmacy is Integrated in the Clients Corporate Warehouse and available for Analytics and reporting capabilities supporting the Business areas across the Enterprise. Data will also be persisted on Big Data HADOOP Platform. Team will be focused on Data Analysis, Unified Data Design, Business and Test driven Development, Deployment with focuses on Continuous Improvement Continuous Delivery (CICD).

• Conduct unit testing and participate with system testing as required. Knowledge with Test Driven Development is strongly preferred.

• Fill out required documentation such as installation instructions and follow Client standards and procedures.

• Anticipate customers analytic needs and proactively conceptualize and champion high-value Business Intelligence solutions.

• Actively support products by providing prompt responses to customer problems and inquiries. Make the customers experience first priority in all.

• Provide on-call support duties for Application Production Support, which could include off hours and weekends.

• Keep the Production Support team management informed of any issues or concerns.

• Participate/Assist with deployments to all environments including Production (which could occur after hours).

New development and support task responsibilities as assigned

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE

This position requires:

Technical Skill set required:
Knowledge of Data Warehousing and Data Integration Concepts is MUST
Strong Data Analysis skills and I Love Data Data Mindset
Understanding Data Modeling concepts
3+ Years in Teradata or Oracle or related DB experience
3+ years writing Advanced SQL knowledge and ability to tune queries
1+ years in Python or strong coding background in 1-language is a must C/C++ or JAVA
Good to Have:
Experience with HADOOP / Big Data
Experience writing ETL
GIT Version control,
UNIX/LINUX and shell scripting is a Plus
Knowledge of Pharmacy and Healthcare experience is a Plus.
Knowledge of Cloud Computing is a Plus.
Soft Skill set required:
Positive can do attitude
Good Team player
Self-learner and strong problem solving skills
Work Collaboratively
