About Madison Logic:
We are a growing MarTech company that empowers B2B Companies globally to convert their accounts faster (find us on Inc. Magazine's 5000 List for the 6th consecutive year). As a truly global company, we take pride in the diverse backgrounds of our team. We put thought into every hire and we hand pick only the best talent. When you join our team, you are committing to giving 100% and always striving for more. We face challenges head-on and we overcome them together.



What We're Looking For:
We are seeking a Data Engineer with a highly analytical mind who is skilled at understanding data and is able to translate it into actionable insights. In this role you will develop easy to understand reports, dashboards, and tools with the aim of optimizing and streamlining the way data is viewed. In this highly collaborative role, you will work closely with the architecture and data teams to reach business objectives.
What You'll Do:
Use SQL/Python to create reports, dashboards, and visualizations.
Aggregate/Model data and use that data to build reports in Domo
Analyze data to help improve business performance.
Identify the best data sources for a given analysis.
Develop processes for data mining, data modeling, and data production.
Offer insights and recommendations to improve data reliability and quality.

What You'll Need:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics or mathematics
3+ year’s experience with Python or Node.js
4+ year’s experience with SQL or mySQL
3+ year’s experience with cloud computing services (AWS)
Working understanding of big data analytics
Experience working with data cleaning and standardizing process
Who We Are:
Our Vision: We empower B2B organizations globally to convert their best accounts faster

Our Values: #TEAM #OWNIT #RESPECT #EXCEL #EMPOWER

Our Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Madison Logic is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

Privacy Disclosure:
All of the information collected in this form and/or by your application by submission of your online profile is necessary and relevant to the performance of the job applied for. We will process the information provided by you in this form, your CV (including physical and online resume profiles), by the referees you have noted, and by the educational institutions with whom we may undertake to verify your qualifications with, in accordance with our privacy policy and for recruitment purposes only.

For more information on how we process the information you have provided including relevant lawful bases (where relevant) please see our privacy policy which is available on our website (https://www.madisonlogic.com/privacy/).
