Data Engineer

JOB SUMMARY:

Allied World is seeking an individual to lead integration efforts of
underwriting and claims platforms with our corporate Enterprise Data Warehouse
(EDW). The successful candidate will work within our Agile environment as part
of a Scrum team to develop new, and support pre-existing Extract, Transform
& Load (ETL) processes. We look for
people who can work effectively within a team as well as take the lead on new
initiatives.

JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

• Work with EDW &
Architecture groups to define and implement integration of new systems and
processes.

• Actively participate
in sprint planning, design, coding, unit testing, and sprint reviews.

• Participate in peer
code reviews and adhere to best practice development methodologies.

• Participate in an
on-call rotation to provide warehouse support if issues arise.

• Must be a
self-starter with a great attitude, not afraid to take the initiative, and work
with little supervision

• Preference given for
holders of a University Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or related field.

• Preferred experience
working within an Agile - Scrum environment

• Minimum 3 years ETL
experience, real world experience with SSIS

• Minimum 3 years of
experience with SQL server

• Extensive knowledge
and experience using concepts including but not limited to:

o Stored Procedures/TSQL

o Query Performance Tuning

o Data Warehousing & OLAP

o Source control tools & concepts
(CI/CD, Git, Bitbucket, Github)

• Prior experience
working with PowerShell and/or Python would be an asset

• Practical experience
with property & casualty insurance/reinsurance and multi-currency systems
is an asset

• Ability to analyze
and write business and technical specifications and interact with our business
users effectively

• Possess a systematic,
disciplined and analytical; approach to problem solving

About
Fairfax

Fairfax is a
holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in property and
casualty insurance and reinsurance and investment management.

About
Allied World

Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd, through its subsidiaries and brand
known as Allied World, is a global provider of innovative property, casualty
and specialty insurance and reinsurance solutions. Allied World offers superior
client service through a global network of offices and branches. All of Allied
World's rated insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are rated A by A.M. Best
Company, A by Standard & Poor's, and A2 by Moody's, and our Lloyd's
Syndicate 2232 is rated A by Standard & Poor's and AA- by Fitch.

Our generous
benefits package includes: Health and Dental Insurance, 401k plan, and Group
Term Life Insurance. Allied World Insurance Company is an Equal
Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants
will be considered for employment without regard to an individual's race,
color, national origin, religion or belief, sex, age, genetic information,
marital or civil partnership status, family status, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or their protected veteran or disability status. Please visit
www.awac.com for further information on Allied World.
