Req ID: 95763

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Data Engineer to join our team in Anaheim, California (US-CA), United States (US).

The individual will be responsible for the following:
Design, develop, and implement total systems solutions to the enterprise-wide technical requirements of customers.
Define new interface layouts for integrating into data warehouse.
Create source to target mappings and ETL design for integration of new or modified data streams into the data warehouse and/or data marts.
Validate the ETL design and ensure that technical specifications are complete, consistent, concise, and achievable.
Create ETL processes and reports using Informatica/MSBI/Stored Procedures
Develop ETL code as per the technical specifications and business requirements according to the established designs.
Create process flows and dimensional models using data modeling tools.
Create and maintain design related artifacts (data models, mapping documents, architecture diagrams, and data flow diagrams).
Provide performance tuning of ETL processes, participate in ETL architecture design reviews, and conduct ETL unit testing and code reviews.
Participate in system and integration testing and identifying and remedying solution defects.
Basic Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 years experience with Informatica Powercenter
Minimum of 3 years experience with SQL Server/Oracle
The position requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology or related field of study plus 5 years of experience.
Preferred Skills:
Healthcare domain knowledge- 3+ years( Good to have experience on Meditech or Epic EMR systems)
About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.

INDHCLSMC
