The Data Engineer will be a member of the Media Supply Chain (MSC) team within
the WarnerMedia Technology (WMTO) organization, the position will be
responsible for the design and implementation of search and data relationship
functionality for the WB content platform. The Data Engineer must have
experience with data modeling, modern database technologies, and API driven
search design and development. The Data Engineer will make technology and
design decisions, and partner across the organization in a collaborative manner
to achieve results for our mission critical content and data management and
distribution applications.

The Media Supply Chain Who We Are
Media Supply Chain is tasked to architect, engineer, and program manage a wide
range of applications, workflows and services for our internal partners who
operationally manage and distribute WarnerMedia content globally. Our
applications and technology solutions are responsible for scheduling, image &
asset metadata management, as well as, content processing and delivery as well
as content mastering, localization and preservation. We are the team pioneering
new ways to process and deliver WarnerMedia content to its global customers

The Media Supply Chain Mission
Our mission is to provide and sustain practical, innovative, agile software and
technology solutions which are highly reliable, automated, measurable,
optimized, modern systems capable of distributing high-quality content and
metadata to our domestic and global platforms & partners.

The Daily
Develop and provide support for core data relationship, data ingest, data
transformation services and search capabilities. Creates functional and
technical specifications. Creates and executes against a plan to launch
and maintain applications.
Review project objectives and determine best technology for
implementation. Implement best practice standards for development, build
and deployment automation.
Evaluate software products and vendors for WarnerMedia (WM) Technology
and other divisions. Recommend action, develop and lead implementation of
selected products/services.
Work with internal and external developers to ensure (WM) Technology code
standards and best practices are performed for development of
applications.

The Essentials
B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
AWS Developer Certification preferred.
AWS Database or Data Analytics Certification preferred.
3+ years data engineering experience.
Demonstrated proficiency in data modeling and data structures.
Demonstrated experience implementing database technologies such as NoSQL,
and Relational. Experience in graph databases a plus.
Demonstrated expertise and experience in ELK stack (elasticsearch,
logstash, kibana).
Demonstrated expertise and experience in modern databases such as Mongo,
Couchbase, Neptune, Neo4j, or equivalent. Experience in MarkLogic a plus.
Proficient in one or more modern query languages such as elasticsearch
query DSL, cypher, gremlin, or graphql. xQuery preferred but not
required.
Highly proficient in XML, JSON and YAML data exchange formats. Experience
in XSDs and triple stores.
Proficient in API design and development, specifically REST APIs.
Experience with Swagger 2.0 and AWS API gateway is highly preferred.
Demonstrated experience in data analytics tools such as Tableau, Kibana
etc.
Experience in working with data streaming technologies such as Amazon
Kinesis, Apache Kafka etc.
Experience in AWS at scale leveraging services such as elasticsearch,
RDS, Redshift, Neptune and ec2.
Highly proficient in at least one modern programming language such
python, java, or node.js. Bash experience preferred.
Demonstrated expertise and experience in deploying containerized
application using Docker, Kubernetes or equivalent.
Experience with source code and knowledge repositories such as git, jira,
or equivalent systems.
Proficient in a Linux environment.
Proficient in core DevOps principles.
Proficient in the SDLC in an agile environment.
Systems design and architecture.
Ability to work with outside vendors and clients under sometimes adverse
circumstances and under time critical constraints.
Must be able communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of
personnel (in person, written, telephone).
Must be able to pay close attention to detail.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including overtime, if and when
necessary.
Must be able to respond to after-hours pager notifications to provide
support for applications as necessary.
