Job Title
Data Engineer

06-Jul-2020

Business Segment
Operations & Technology

Responsibilities
The Analytics Center of Excellence (ACOE) at NBCUniversal is looking for a passionate problem solver who’s looking to build the next generation of data pipelines and applications. Reporting to the Director supporting the research portfolio, the Data Engineer role is right for you if you’re a “hands-on” coder who can build and cleanse large datasets in order to report out actionable insights.

As part of the global Operations & Technology organization, the ACOE is focused on data and analytics strategies for the future. We support NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands - from broadcast, cable, news, and sports networks to film studios, world-renowned theme parks, and a diverse suite of digital properties. We take pride in supplying our business groups with data to advise and shape strategic business decisions related to our content.

In the Data Engineer role, you’ll be working with internal stakeholders, data engineers, visualization experts, data scientists, and other technologists across the business. If you’re someone who loves to take large, disparate data sets and build them into flexible and scalable analytics applications and databases, you’ve come to the right place. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with business leaders, engineers, and product managers to understand data needs.
Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies
Design, build, and scale data pipelines across a variety of source systems and streams (internal, third-party, as well as cloud-based), distributed/elastic environments, and downstream applications and/or self-service solutions
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Help continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for customers
Participate in development sprints, demos, and retrospectives, as well as release and deployment
Build and manage relationships with supporting IT teams in order to effectively deliver work products to production
Qualifications:
1+ years of experience in a data engineering role
Direct experience with data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing
Knowledge of data management fundamentals and data storage principles
Experience with Python/Javascript or similar programming languages
Hands-on experience with SQL and Tableau
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or related field.
Desired Characteristics:
Analytical – You have experience in delivering data analytics solutions that promote data discovery
Proficient with ETL processes, application development, and data science principles
Experience with Snowflake, Amazon Web Services, or related cloud platforms a plus
Media-focused – Strong knowledge/passion for media including broadcast TV, digital, and mobile
Experience working with data sources such as Nielsen, Adobe Analytics, comScore, and other industry research sources a plus
Communicator – You have excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to communicate ideas effectively across all levels of the organization, both technical and non-technical
Action-oriented – You're constantly figuring out new problems and are regularly showing results with a positive attitude, always displaying ethical behavior, integrity, and building trust
Strong understanding of Agile principles and best practices
You’ve dealt with ambiguity and can make quality decisions in a dynamic, fast-paced environment
Job Number
56039BR

Posting Category
Technology & Engineering

Country
United States

Sub-Business
Technology

About Us
At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us.

State/Province
California

Career Level
Experienced

City
Universal City

Notices
NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.
