WHO WE ARE

Signal Sciences is the fastest growing web application security company in the world. Our award-winning next-gen WAF and RASP solution protects 40,000+ applications and APIs with over 2 trillion production requests per month. Signal Sciences' patented architecture allows our customers to embrace cloud and DevOps while bringing actionable security visibility to development, DevOps, and security teams.

We work with some of the world's most recognizable companies, like Datadog, DoorDash, Under Armour, Starbucks, Aflac, and many more across industries. We make web applications more secure. Simple as that. We do it by providing an unparalleled platform that teams actually want to use. It's flexible, exceptionally elastic, collaborativeand protects business initiatives like DevOps and cloud adoption without disrupting current workflows and processes already in place.

SUMMARY

We are searching for an analyst who is passionate about translating data into impactful insights to drive business decisions. You will work with our Sr. Data Analyst and across all departments to support key business initiatives for the company. These initiatives will help scale the business and allow Signal Sciences to continue to grow. In addition, you will own several projects, as well as work collaboratively, to continually improve reporting and data quality.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Champion the data analytics process to help inform strategic and tactical business decisions across all teams
Monitor and measure performance of all lead generation channels, analyze the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and identify areas for optimization of lead conversion through every stage of the funnel
Design and analyze A/B and multivariate tests to drive KPI improvement
Communicate effectively with business stakeholders with varying technical and non-technical backgrounds
Support recurring and ad hoc requests from stakeholders by gathering, analyzing, interpreting data, and communicating the relevant results effectively
Use statistical and predictive modeling techniques to answer key business questions
Build out data documentation in Confluence
QUALITIES / EXPERIENCE WE'RE SEEKING
You enjoy using data to tell and communicate a story
Proficiency with SQL and Excel including advanced formulas/macros
Experience with Python, R, SPSS, and SAS
Exposure to BI tools such as Tableau, Looker a plus
Familiarity with Salesforce and other CRM tools
Experience with building dashboards
Empathetic collaborator who can communicate clearly across multiple cross-functional teams, including Sales, Marketing, Finance, Product, and Engineering
Process improvements and the development of tools to automate commonly requested analyses
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and distribute significant amounts of information with high-levels of accuracy
Understanding of a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, business analytics, etc.
WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN SIGNAL SCIENCES

We're not just rethinking what's possible with web application securitywe're revolutionizing it. At Signal Sciences, we engineer big ideas with an eye on the future, building sustainable and wide-reaching solutions that not only serve teams' immediate needs but also instinctively evolve along with them. We believe in simple, effective actions. We value teamwork.

Signal Sciences is disrupting the web security industry and was recently named one of the Next Billion-Dollar Startups by Forbes. As a team member, you'll enjoy 100% employer-sponsored medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K retirement plan, and a flexible work environment. Most of all, you will have the opportunity to make a positive impact on improving security in the world's #1 most vulnerable part of technology infrastructure (the web) with the new industry leader in web application security. Join us and find out why we were named Best Place to Work in 2019 by LA Business Journal, and Best Work-Life Balance in 2019 by Comparably.
