Senior Software Engineer, Product (J2EE/Spring)

Position Overview

The ideal candidate is an integral part of a fast-paced development team that builds an integrated product suite of Enterprise applications in the EV Charging network domain. The Candidate will participate in the technical design and implementation of one or more components of the product. This candidate works closely with rest of cross-functional team to produce design documents, implement product features and develop and execute unit tests.

What You'll Do:
Responsible for designing, developing, and delivering web and mobile applications.
Develop consumer-facing features and architectural components to meet company demands
Collaborate with cross functional teams including our Global Engineering teams in an agile development environment.
Proven experience successfully optimizing applications for scalability
Utilize problem solving skills to implement creative solutions to tough problems
Advocate for best-in-class technology solutions for large scale enterprise applications
What We're Looking For:
BS in Computer Science or equivalent degree required
5 - 7 years of software development experience
5 - 7 years of Java server-side design and development experience
Highly proficient in J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, and Hibernate
Distributed Caching, Queuing technologies
Excellent knowledge of RESTful APIs.
Experience with Data Model, SQL and No-SQL.
Knowledge of Micro Services Architecture and implementation.
Working knowledge of Linux.
Experience working on software-as-a-service (SaaS), large scale distributed systems and relational/NoSQL databases
Experience working in a small team along with an offshore development team.
Strong verbal and written communication skills: proven ability to lead both vertically and horizontally to achieve results; thrives in a dynamic, fast-paced, environment and do what it takes to deliver results.
Committed to security practices in policy and delivery.
Show vigilance in reporting of information, security vulnerabilities whether personal devices, corporate assets, services offered to customers, or office environment.
Willing to participate in additional security and privacy trainings.
Willing to be a model citizen/mentor in security practices for Greenlots.
Nice to Have:
Experience with AWS, RDS and Elastic Search.
Experience in Electric Grid management solutions.
Experience in JSF, Angular.js or similar JavaScript frameworks.
What We Offer:
A great work environment with talented individuals that will challenge you to become a better leader
The freedom to learn, suggest, and implement new technologies
Daily ownership of your role in a challenging, high-growth environment
Work with a bunch of great clients that value your time and respect your opinions
A Casual Work Environment / Competitive pay /annual discretionary bonus
Participation in Greenlots' bonus program
Benefits: 100% covered health-care coverage for employees (medical, dental, vision), 401K, generous holiday calendar
Environment: You'll get to work with and learn from some of the best and brightest in this emerging industry. Flex Hours
Drinks and Snacks
Free on-site parking
Casual dress environment
Onsite Gym Membership
