Description:

Work on complex predictive modeling and other advanced analytic engagements with clients. Primary responsibilities include design, development, implementation/deployment and ongoing maintenance and support of analytic models, using primarily the SPSS Modeler Platform but also a variety of other tools and data modeling languages, such as R, Python, Knime, Tableau, etc.. Will work independently toward overall project objectives and requirements, apprises supervisor about progress and unusual complication. Adapts design approaches successfully used in precedent engagements. Completed work is reviewed for timeliness, compatibility with other work, and effectiveness in meeting requirements. Apply data science knowledge to deliver analytical modeling solutions. Will implement requirement analysis techniques, data analytics solutions design, data requirements for modeling, exploratory data analysis, data interpretation, data preparation and cleansing, model development and performance evaluation.

Requirements:
Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering/Maths/Engineering (any)
1 year of experience as a Data Engineer or related occupation and experience in using SPSS Modeler Platform, SPSS Collaboration, Deployment Services Application, Predictive Analytics and CRISP-DM Process.
Job Site: Brea, CA. Position requires travel/relocation to other unanticipated locations throughout the United States. Expenses paid by employer.

About Aviana Global Technologies

Aviana is a Predictive Performance Management company that has had a successful track record since its inception in 1994. Our mission is to partner with our clients empowering them to become more profitable and strategic through the optimal use of performance management for executive and operational decision-making power. For the last 20 years, Aviana has been at the forefront of leading-edge performance management solutions with an impressive array of clients including many Fortune 1000 companies in various industries including hospitality and gaming, manufacturing, financial services, retail and healthcare.
