Our company is looking for a Senior Data Engineer to join our team! Our team utilizes and develops cutting-edge technology, in order to deliver unparalleled and creative content around the world. We work across multiple platforms to change the face of media.

Please, only apply if you are able to work directly for a U.S. company for the next three years. We are not currently able to work with C2C, H1, or OPT for this position.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Construct data pipelines orchestration.
Build and optimize performance of Hadoop/Spark batch jobs, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, ELK, etc.
Build and optimize performance of ElasticSearch cluster and relevance.
Work with cross-functional teams and other software engineers.
Design and architect high quality data-lake, data-warehouse, and data-marts data models.
Facilitate Data Science workflows and advanced machine learning algorithms.
Contribute to Open Source solutions and communities.
Keep updated on current and emerging technologies and tools.
Provide innovative ideas to a larger professional community.
Demonstrate technologies, solutions, and leading practices.
Balance resources, requirements, and complexity.
Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science or related field.
5+ years experience as a Data Engineer.
Passionate about coding. (You will be asked to code before or during the interview.)
Understanding of distributed systems and computation.
Working knowledge of Scala, Java, Python, and Go-Lang.
Working knowledge of data Apache Hadoop/Spark ecosystem (Spark, Hive, Presto, Oozie, Pig, Hue, Zeppelin).
Demonstrated working knowledge of data modeling.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of the following, required:
Unit, Integration, and Load testing.
Developing REST APIs.
Git.
Ant, Maven, SBT, and/or Gradle.
Unix/Linux.
Docker containers building and deployment.
Knowledge of the following, preferred:
GraphQL knowledge
Kubernetes knowledge
Apache Spark MLlib
Apache Spark GraphX
Amazon AWS or other cloud Services
Jenkins
Powered by JazzHR
