Senior Data Engineer
If you are a Senior Data Engineer with experience, please read on!
Top Reasons to Work with Us
Located in Los Angeles, we are a subscription platform focused on financial empowerment. We've been around for decades and pride ourselves on evolving as the needs of our client base grows and changes. Our Loyal customer base, and consistent stream of new business makes us a sure bet for an Engineer looking for stability without loosing a fresh agile perspective on their projects.

If this sounds like a match for you, apply today or send your resume directly to savannah.diaz@cybercoders.com! We are actively interviewing this week and next week.
What You Will Be Doing
Our next Data Engineering hire will lead the architecture ETL pipelines to expedite our Data Ingestion; and contribute to the BI, business analytics, and data science needs of the entire company. You'll be able to automate existing processes, optimizing data delivery, and even re-designing infrastructure to better overcome the challenges of scalability. Your day to day tech-stack will include SQL, AWS S3, Redshift and Big Data tools like Spark.

Collaboration is also a huge part of our day-to-day; you will interface with a diverse team to develop and build SQL code and logical and physical data models. You'll have the opportunity to collaborate and continually learn, while improving reporting and analysis processes for the growing business need, and evolving technical challenges.
What You Need for this Position
1) 5+ years of Data Engineering experience
2) 3+ years using Python
3) Data Warehousing experience
4) Understanding of relational databases; including mySQL, Postress, and DynamoDB
5) Knowledge of ETL architecture

Nice to have, but Not required:
1) Spark streaming experience
2) Prior exposure to Docker containerization
3) Leadership or Mentoring experience
4) A BS on MS in Mathematics, computer science, or related field
What's In It for You
- Competitive base salary - up to $150K (DOE)
- 10% annual bonus
- Excellent benefits package
- The cool perks of an agile growing company, with all the benefits of stability
So, if you are a Senior Data Engineer with experience, please apply today!
-
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
