PlayStation isn t just the Best Place to Play it s also the Best
to Work! We ve thrilled gamers since 1994, when we launched the original
PlayStation. Today, we re recognized as a global leader in interactive and
digital entertainment. The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive
Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.

Software Engineer
Los Angeles, CA

The primary role for this position will be to work on the development of back-
end applications and components and the integration with third party systems.
The ideal candidate must be a skilled Java developer with experience in web
application development, full life-cycle application development and systems
integration. He/She will work with peers on the development of large scale
systems that support other Sony's businesses in the digital content area. The
role will primarily be focused on development and delivery of projects. This
entails architecture, coding, unit testing, bug fixing and assistance in the
deployment to production as well as maintenance knowledge transfers. The Java
Software Engineer is expected to communicate with members of the Technology
group by providing status, identifying and raising issues and participating in
planning activities.
Write Java code for internal application development
Write and execute unit tests using the JUnit framework
and help refine coding standards
Gather requirements from business users for application development
projects
Create required documentation including low-level design documents, User
Interface wireframes and simple UML diagrams
Ownership of the implementation and delivery of small or mid-size
features
Design small features or implement more complex features as designed by
technical lead
Communicate estimates, schedules, issues and dependencies to technical or
project lead
Increase expertise in the areas of development related to the assigned
projects
Identify and address issues independently
Fix bugs and provide support for business and maintenance teams
Refactor existing code base and improve overall quality of code
Perform knowledge shares
Proactively improve development processes
Participate in the establishment of best practices
Qualifications
3+ years experience with java-based web application
3+ more years experience with Java, J2EE (e.g. servlet/jsp)
3+ years experience with HTML, DHTML, JavaScript
3+ years experience with RDBMS, JDBC, and writing SQL queries
2+ years of experience with XML related technologies (XML, XSL, JAXP)
2+ years experience of object modeling, analysis and design
2+ years experience with web application development using MVC
technologies (e.g. Struts, Spring MVC)
2+ years experience using source control systems (e.g. Perforce, CVS,
Subversion, etc )
2+ years experience utilizing JUnit and other testing frameworks
Demonstrated experience developing and delivering both consumer facing
web based solutions and intranet/extranet type applications for internal
users and partners
Excellent communication skills with both technical and non-technical team
members
Experience using Linux or UNIX-variant operating systems
Experience with advanced web UI technologies (e.g. AJAX)
Experience with Oracle
Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science or related field
Desired
Experience with ORM technologies, data modeling
Experience with Hibernate
Experience with Spring framework
Experience developing applications for online retailers (including
payment transactions).
Experience developing shell or Perl scripts
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration
for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy,
national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or
mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed
services, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic
information or membership in any other legally protected category.

We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace
diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.

We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us, and we
thank you for your interest in PlayStation.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable
accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to
perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges
of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Show moreShow less
