VDart ndash We are a Global Information Technology Services Workforce Solutions firm headquartered out of Atlanta, GA with presence in US, Canada, MX, UK, Belgium, Japan India. Founded in 2007, Our team of over 2550+ professionals continually create impact for our customers worldwide in solving complex technology challenges with cutting edge technologies. We specialize in providing the Fortune 1000 companies, niche hard to find skills in technologies including Social, Mobile, Big Data Analytics, Data Sciences, Cyber Security, IoT, Cloud, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence. With delivery centers in the UK, Mexico, Canada, and India, we provide global workforce solutions to our customers covering EMEA, APAC Americas. VDart is an award-winning organization recognized by Inc 5000 Hall of Fame Atlanta Business Chronicles Fastest Growing Companies NMSDCs National Supplier of the Year Ernst Youngs Regional Entrepreneur of the Year and more. Job Title Azure Data Engineer with Big Data Location Los Angeles, CA (Remote for now) Skills ndash Pyspark, Azure (Azure SQL DW, Azure Data factory, HDInsight), Big data Job Description Min 8 to 10 years of IT experience, including experience in developing and implementing Big Data Azure cloud solution. Minimum 3 years of experience in cloud technology (Azure) Strong hands on knowledge on Spark (with Python as language). End to end implementation experience in data analytics solutions (data ingestion, processing, provisioning and Orchestration. Strong experience in Azure ecosystem such as HDInsight, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake and SQL DW and ADLS2 Strong SQL and Shell script knowledge. Hands on experience developing enterprise solutions using designing and building frameworks, enterprise patterns, database design and development. End to end Cloud solution on Azure (Azure SQL DW, Azure Data factory, HDInsight, SQL on Azure) Batch solution and distributed computing using ETLELT (Spark SQLSpark Data frameADF). Implementation of data encryption at rest and in transit. DWBI (MSBI, Oracle, SQL Server), Data modelling, performance tuning, memory optimization, DB partitioning. Frameworks, reusable components, accelerators, CICD automation Mentor and lead a data engineering teams to design, develop, test and deploy high performance data analytics solutions. Key Skills Azure, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL, HDInsight, Azure Data Lake, SQL, Pyspark, Big Data, Spark, Python, Shell Script Referral Program Ask our recruiting team about how you can be a part of our referral program. If you refer a candidate with the desired qualifications and your candidate accepts the role, you can earn a generous referral fee. We want to hire the best talent available and are committed to building great teams and partnerships. We are Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. VDart Inc Alpharetta, GA recruitersvdartinc.com Follow us on Twitter for the hottest positions VDartJobs Follow us on Twitter vdartinc
