Job Title: Sr. Data Engineer

Location: Los Angeles (Culver City, CA)

About inMarket

inMarket is the leader in digital advertising and predictive location solutions that help brands sense and respond to consumer needs in real-time. Since 2010, inMarket has helped thousands of brands leverage SDK-derived, opt-in consumer data to better understand who consumers are, why they make decisions and how best to reach them.

With inMarket's suite of solutions, brands can better understand consumers, activate real-time digital advertising in the moments that matter and generate better campaign attribution.

inMarket's Moments solution drives an average of 5x the performance of traditional digital media and was a key factor in winning Best Mobile Marketing Platform at the 2019 Digiday Awards. inMarket, headquartered in Los Angeles, has offices in Atlanta, Bentonville, Chicago, New York and San Francisco. For more information, visit www.inmarket.com.

About You


You build real products in the real world. You understand that off the shelf solutions vs building them yourself have tradeoffs and when to make the right decision. You have the ability to mentor junior engineers, and understand tradeoffs for scale, elegance of solution and time. You may have a preferred programming language but you're not afraid to tackle problems in other languages you've never used before. You love the fact that code is continuously tested and released for fast feedback. You are great at communicating and making sure decisions are made that satisfy multiple stakeholders.

Job Description

We are looking for a top notch experienced software engineer geared towards working with data to help us transform the advertising industry using the latest innovations in technology.

You will design well-constructed datasets and work cross-functionally with analysts, product managers, and other engineers to effectively deliver actionable results. You will work in multiple cloud environments to help support data and insight needs across a wide range of functions and activities to help us better understand our data. The ideal candidate has a proven track record of working with large datasets.

In this role you will have the opportunity to work with Redshift, BigQuery, Hadoop, Spark, EMR, Ruby, NodeJS/React, and other technologies.

Requirements:
Solid CS fundamentals
5+ full time years experience in software development (in at least one of Python, Scala, Javascript, Java, or Ruby)
Experience working with large databases, distributed systems, data structures, concurrency
Experience working with Cloud IaaS (AWS, GCP)
Experience with large scale data processing (Hive, Hadoop, Redshift, BigQuery)
Benefits Summary
Competitive salary, stock options, flexible vacation
Medical, dental and Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Company Matched 401(k)
Unlimited PTO (Within reason)
Talented co-workers and management
Agile Development Program (For continued learning/professional development)
Paid Paternity & Maternity Leave
inMarket is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.
