Location: Pasadena, United States of AmericaIn fast changing markets, customers worldwide rely on Thales. Thales is a business where brilliant people from all over the world come together to share ideas and inspire each other. In aerospace, transportation, defence, security and space, our architects design innovative solutions that make our tomorrow's possible.

TOGETHER WE MAKE THE BIG AMBITIONS OF TOMORROW HAPPEN TODAY

As a System Integration Engineer for the System Integration team located in Pasadena, you will be overseeing biometric system project phases, from verifying system specifications and project requirements to performing the system configuration, integration, testing, troubleshooting, deployment and system acceptance. You will also take the lead role in delivering the biometric projects that secure the digital lives of millions of people.

Key Responsibilities:
Serve as a System Integration Engineer in the implementation of complex system integration projects from design to production launch, and coordinate project activities effectively among Project Mangers, Developers, IT, Support, and Documentation teams
Analyze customers requirements, review project SOW and RFP, develop high level system architecture and develop high level project implementation/delivery plan.
Work with PMs and Developers to kick-off the project and track progress
Collaborate with IT, DBA, and other teams during system deployment, collaborate with software developers to perform product customization and configure the systems to satisfy customers needs.
Set up and configure the system in Windows and/or Linux environment, write program using Python or Unix Shell or Oracle PL/SQL etc.
Provide system integration support and troubleshooting of the system, provide system knowledge transfer and training to technical support team, and document the design specifications, installation procedures, and other system related information.
Manage multiple projects with time constraints under pressure, and go to the customer site to implement the biometric system.
Interact with the customer to ensure that SOW and RRP meet customers expectations on content and schedule.
Required Skills and Experience:
5+years of System Engineering experience using Linux Server, Windows Server,Networking,firewalls and load balancing
Expert in understanding inter-server communications (HTTP/HTTPS, POP/SMTP, FTP/SFTP, sockets, TCP/IP)
Working knowledge of Web technologies, Application Servers (Apache, HTTP, HTML/XML), data communications protocols
Ability to troubleshoot multiple concurrence processes
Have good understanding of OS Failover technology (Linux cluster, Windows cluster)
Previous hands on experience with scripting languages, such as Linux Shell, Python
Ability and expertise in writing PL/SQL statements
This role requires the ability to travel. Worldwide Mobility for short or medium duration (Travel capabilities for integration and deployment in customer premises)
Project Management documentation skills
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related degree
Excellent verbal and written communication skills is required
Preferred Skills and Experience:
VM knowledge (e.g. VMWare/ESXi)
Experiences with biometric system and good understanding of biometric business logic
Experience on rack mounting, cabling, and energy calculation
Are you ready to be part a part of something big? If your skills, experience and attitude are a match and youre looking for an exciting challenge, please apply now using the link below and we will be in touch.

Thales champions inclusion and we believe diversity strengthens the fabric of our culture.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer/AA/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled.

At Thales we provide CAREERS and not only jobs. With Thales employing 80,000 employees in 68 countries our mobility policy enables thousands of employees each year to develop their careers at home and abroad, in their existing areas of expertise or by branching out into new fields. Together we believe that embracing flexibility is a smarter way of working. Great journeys start here, apply now!Thales champions inclusion and we believe diversity strengthens the fabric of our culture. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer/AA/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled.
