Senior Big Data Engineer - Java, Big Data, Remote

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Andrew Nguyen
Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button and sending us your resume.
Salary: $150,000 - $200,000

A bit about us:

(Remote Opportunity)

Based in Los Angeles, CA we are a fast-growing startup that is revolutionizing the restaurants and retail marketing space! We provide CRM solutions, email and SMS marketing, insights and analytics, mobile app and loyalty program development for restaurants and retailers. Powered by transaction data, we build unique 360ยบ customer profiles to understand individualized behavior patterns, providing clients with deep data science used to create wide-reaching, effective personalized marketing campaigns that drive traffic and sales in a measurable way.

If you are an Principle Software Architect with great technical and client facing skills, then please read on.

Why join us?
150-200k Base!
Extremely Competitive Stock Package!
Flexible Work Schedules!
Accelerated Career Growth!


Job Details

Is your background a fit? Apply if you meet this criteria:
MS preferred, or Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science Plus:
5+ years Java and Spring Boot for Microservices
3+ years working in Big Data (High Scale Data-Pipeline)
Kafka or (RabbitMQ, Active MQ)
Cassandra (NoSQL such as DynamoDB, MongoDB, and Reddis)
AWS cloud experience (EC2, S3, Lambda, EMR, RDS, Redshift)
Experience in ETL and workflow management (1 billion records a day)
Experience with Streaming Technology (Flink)
Familiar with AWS Kinesis, Elasticsearch, Machine Learning, Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Presto, Athena, Glue, Spectrum, Data Pipeline

We can offer you the opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art technology and make a meaningful and important impact on today's society and the next generation! Help us revolutionize the retail marketing industry and enjoy accelerated career growth with exciting equity stake!

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button.
