As THE leader in transit technology, Clever Devices' vision is to make meaningful contributions to worldwide mobility. Our goal is to be the leading provider of exciting technology that improves the quality of mobility in communities around the world.

The Project Engineer II is responsible for leading the deployment of complete Systems that include Clever Devices products combined with complementary technologies, including deployment of hardware products and interfaces, to provide a holistic solution that meets customer requirements.

The Project Engineer II works closely with the Systems Engineer to analyze the customer requirements and required functionality early in the project cycle; support the customer design reviews, conduct the Factory Acceptance Testing with the Customer and lead the subsequent deployment at the Customer site. Participate in the System Acceptance Testing with the Systems Engineer or Principal Engineer.

Primary Responsibilities:
Maintain a good working knowledge of Clever Devices software and products.
Support Product Management and Engineering in the definition of software and hardware products and interfaces.
Support the Systems Engineer on the Internal Requirements Review with Product Management and IT Deployment.
Support the Systems Engineer with the Preliminary and the Final System Design.
Review the Factory Acceptance Test (FAT) plan developed by the Systems Engineer.
Support the FAT with the Systems Engineer.
Document parameter and other changes carried out during the test and the deployment phase.
Review the System Acceptance Test (SAT) plan developed by the Systems Engineer.
Help with the SAT or lead the SAT with Systems Engineering support.
Ensure System compatibility and interoperability of all sub-systems.
Manage and document system configurations.
Ensures the deployment of the solution is successful.
Anticipate, mitigate, identify, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware and software problems on servers, input/output fleet, and workstations. Escalate incidents as necessary while documenting the same using the ticketing system.
Analyze system, server, application, network, and input/output device performance.
Create and maintain documentation as it relates to system configuration and processes.
Collaborate with Systems Engineers and Project Managers on all projects.
Skills Required:
4+ years experience in project/ systems engineering involving hardware, software, data, networking, and communications technologies.
Experience with typical Engineering Lab equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, sodering irons, breadboards, etc.)
Ability to help implement large scale projects.
Ability to retrieve information from customers, apply this information to products and influence the change needed either in the products or in the customer requirements.
Some database experience.
Good understanding of the J1939 and J1708 protocols and experience with Multiplex systems
Some working knowledge of C and C++, SQL, VB, JavaScript, HTML, ASP, databases, report generation, and networking.
Some hardware design experience.
Ability to independently gather and document requirements and support design requirements and product definition.
Good computer skills particularly with MS Office including Word, Visio, PowerPoint and Project. Ability to learn new programs such as MS Dynamics AX.
Good time management skills and ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Good problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
Good written and oral communication skills.
Good analytical skills.
Good interpersonal skills.
Good negotiation and influence skills.
B.S. in Computer Science, Engineering or Electrical Engineering or related field.
Ability to Travel (domestic and international) at least 40% of the time if needed
Powered by JazzHR
