Req ID: 34961
Experience Level: Professional
Other Location(s): Irvine (CA); Los Angeles (CA); Seattle (WA)

Come grow with us

At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But its more than that. Its smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another.

Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and youll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. Youll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. Youll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, youll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous.

As a Data Engineer within the Investment Group Technologies organization, you will lead the design, implementation, and successful delivery of large-scale, critical and complex data architecture, storage and pipelines that improve the lives of tens of millions of people every single day. The Investment Group Technologies organization applies software and data engineering, as well as data science to long-term fundamental investing at > $1 trillion scale. In the Data Engineer role, you will work with experienced data engineers while making technical decisions around how best to serve our customers. If you are looking to join a team that offers autonomy, plenty of space to run with new ideas, working in a nurturing environment, and challenging problems to solve at a significant scale, this might be the job for you!

Capital Groups mission since 1931 has been to improve our customers lives through successful long-term investing. Looking to the future, we are in a unique position to make an even bigger difference to these investors, harnessing our distinctive investment research process, built on 8 decades of proprietary data and research insights, and coupled with our data-grounded and customer-focused approach to building software. The ideal candidate for this role will be passionate about our mission, driving for superior long-term investment results through the application of modern engineering and analytical methods.

What youll be doing:
Build large-scale distributed data processing systems, data lakes, and optimize for both computational and storage efficiency on cloud platforms like AWS.
Design, implement and automate data pipelines sourcing data from internal and external systems, transforming the data for the optimal needs of various systems.
Design data schema and operate cloud-based data warehouses and SQL/NoSQL/temporal database systems.
Write Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) jobs and Spark/Hadoop jobs.
Own the design, development and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions.
Monitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines.
Drive architectural plans and implementation for future data storage, ETL, reporting, and analytic solutions.
Influence your teams technical and business strategy by making insightful contributions to team priorities and approach.
Provide insightful code reviews, receive code reviews constructively and take ownership of outcomes (you ship it, you own it), working very efficiently and routinely deliver the right things in the front-end UI area.
Building relationships with your customers, partner teams and the engineers on your team.
Influence your teams technical decisions by making insightful contributions to team priorities and approach.
Your background and who you are:
You have a background in data and software engineering and a passion to learn.
You've made mistakes in the past and have learned a lot from them. You apply this learning regularly.
You believe there are generally multiple ways to solve a technical problem, each with different trade-offs.
You approach projects, tasks, and unknowns with curiosity, and enjoy sharing what you know and what you learn with the people around you.
You believe that a team is strongest when it is diverse and includes multiple perspectives.
You are able to put yourself into your customer's shoes. You frequently immerse yourself in the customer experience to understand how you can better serve them.
Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent in relevant work experience.
3+ years experience implementing big data processing technology: Hadoop, Apache Spark, etc.
3+ years coding proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Python, Ruby, Java, etc.).
Experience writing and optimizing advanced SQL queries in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.
Experience in cloud-first design, preferably AWS (VPC, Serverless databases and functions, dynamic autoscaling, container orchestration, etc.).
Experience in data architecture, databases (e.g., MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL), SQL and DDD/ER/ORM design.
Interest and curiosity in emerging technologies on the web like GraphQL, web assembly, Lambda functions, MLaaS etc
Knowledge of software engineering practices & best practices for the software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
Company Overview:
Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the worlds largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1.7 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers.

We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

#GD-Tech
