We're looking for a
Principal Front-End Engineer (Santa Monica, CA)


Join our team to be challenged creatively as we level-up our application UI/UX experience. Showcase your front-end development skills, responsive web design understanding, and accessibility standard knowledge to impact our millions of users. Partner with our Design, Product, and back-end engineering teams to support existing features and build new features. You will draw on your experience with modern UI libraries/frameworks (such as React, Redux, and Less) to create something new and cutting-edge. We work in a fast-paced, open environment where innovation and participation is encouraged.

In this role you will...
Work in a small, agile team, delivering SaaS software on AWS
Develop modern responsive web application across out technology stack which includes C#, .NET Core 3.1, Web API, React, Typescript, CI/CD tooling, and infrastructure
Be responsible for your own test coverage, including unit, integration, and automated functional tests
Work with other engineers and quality assurance staff to ensure our requirements for quality, security, scalability, and usability are met
Own your code all the way to production, including deployment, monitoring, and troubleshooting
Collaborate with the product management team to plan, design, and scope new features, and identify opportunities for enhancements
Work independently with minimal supervision, and provide leadership and mentorship to associate software engineers
Work with product management and designers to ensure we have consistent UI patterns and smart UX design
Consideration for privacy and security obligations
You’ve got what it takes if you have...
Effective written and verbal communication skills
7+ years of programming experience with a focus in web application development
Command of modern standards-based web development
Experience in architecting front-end tiers for high volume websites
5+ years of experience with CSS, HTML/XML, JavaScript
Thorough understanding of React.js, Redux or Apollo and their core principles
Working knowledge of Sass or Less
Experience with Ajax-based web applications
Understanding of REST or GraphQL APIs
Experience with automated testing suites, like Jest, Mocha, React testing library or Cypress
Demonstrated experience with cross-browser/platform development and debugging
GIT source control tools for team code collaboration
Strong problem-solving skills, a keen sense of ownership, and a detail-oriented mindset
Ability to effectively manage and correctly prioritize multiple streams of work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to clearly communicate technical issues and project details
Experience delivering software in a Lean or Agile environment
Extra dose of awesome if you have...
Up to date experience with C# and Typescript
A working understanding of accessibility standards (508 and WCAG 2.0)
Experience with continuous delivery
Hands-on experience with AWS
Experience in a startup environment or on a global software team
Our Culture:

Our mission is to empower people, businesses and communities. A culture created less by what we do and more by who we are. When people are asked to describe the team, the answer is always the same: Smart, Cool, Dependable, and Visionary. We are not a typical tech company (even with our unlimited vacation, paid sabbaticals, generous stock units, education reimbursement, because, well, our employees aren't your typical techies...)

We're always on the lookout for new, curious and capable people who can help us achieve our goal. So if you want to work for a friendly, global and innovative company, we'd love to meet you! What are you waiting for?

What We Do:

Cornerstone OnDemand (NASDAQ: CSOD) was founded with a passion for empowering people through learning and a conviction that people should be your organization’s greatest competitive advantage. Cornerstone is a global human capital management (HCM) leader with a core belief that companies thrive when they help their employees to realize their potential. Putting this belief into practice, Cornerstone offers solutions to help companies strategically manage and continuously develop their talent throughout the entire employee lifecycle. Cornerstone’s HCM platform is successfully used by more than 75 million people in 180+ countries and in 40+ languages.

Check us out on Linkedin, The Muse, Glassdoor, and Facebook!

Cornerstone takes special care to ensure the security and privacy of the data of its users.

Equal Employment Opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental commitment at Cornerstone OnDemand. All qualified applicants are given consideration regardless of race, religion, color, gender, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, disability, veteran status, or any other protected class as provided in applicable Federal, State, or Local fair employment laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at careers@csod.com.

#LI-EF1
