LIFE AT IMC AS DATACENTER ENGINEER

WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO

IMC is a leading global market maker, using algorithmic trading and advanced technology to buy and sell securities on multiple trading venues worldwide. We provide liquidity to the financial markets, driving efficiencies for buyers and sellers.

Founded in 1989, we are an ambitious, innovative company and identified early on the importance technology would play in the fast-paced evolution of trading. This entrepreneurial spirit still drives us today and can be found in all of our offices around the world.

OUR TEAM

We now operate globally from offices in Europe, the US and Asia Pacific. Our employees work closely together in multidisciplinary teams, making our success possible.

Technology - At IMC, technology is not a department, it is at the heart of everything we do. Our technologists push the limits of possibility, and then look beyond. In our fast-paced environment, short feedback loops mean projects worked on in the morning can enter production the next day.

Trading – Although our traders come from many backgrounds they all have one thing in common: they are at their best solving complex problems. Their insight into global events, market shifts and pricing ensure we are trading in the right place, at the right time.

Business Support - Around the world, IMC’s business support teams are essential for sustaining our success. In our dynamic environment, we have many exciting challenges and multidisciplinary opportunities to shape our operations and make a real impact.

OUR CULTURE

Our employees are our greatest asset so we give them lots of responsibility and the support they need to make a difference. Our flat structure fosters a culture of openness and collaboration, encouraging the sharing of ideas and knowledge. It makes no difference if you have been with us for three days or three years, the best idea wins.

While we work hard, we also have a lot of fun; whether solving complex challenges or in team building, leisure and sporting activities. IMC also enables its employees to contribute towards a better society through our foundation.

We are looking for an experienced Datacenter Engineer who will play a critical role in system and application administration of our technical environment. This role will be part of highly experienced team, and be provided new challenges on a daily basis. The possibility to make a large impact as part of a dedicated, dynamic team at IMC, both locally and globally, is unlike any other. Our flat culture encourages not only knowledge and best practice sharing, but also the opportunity to have your voice heard.

Key Accountabilities:
Using a ticket system to track work.
Coordinate, Install, and Troubleshoot equipment.
Racking, Cabling, and Provision equipment.
Responsible for the organization, documentation, and inventory in IMC’s Data Centers.
Responsible for the Logistics in shipping/receiving.
Proactively suggesting alternatives for improvements in the IMC Data Center processes, configuration, or procedures.
General understanding of a Data Center Environment and proper usage of Data Center best practices.
Project Management of Data Center related tasks.
Requirements:
At least three years working in a Data Center.
Experience with installation, testing, and cleaning of Fiber Optic cabling
Strong documentation skills for creating Standard Operating Procedures in the Data Center.
A Valid Driver’s License
Travel to suburbs of Chicago and New Jersey area.
Communication skills between team members and external vendors.
Lift objects 60+ pounds
Experience with Data Center Facilities Management tools for Power and Cooling.
Basic Bash and Python knowledge is preferred.
Success Factors:
Highly motivated and organized self-starter that enjoys technology.
Able to work flexible hours when required including evening and weekends
High analytical and interpersonal skills
Knowledge of Network and Server Operating Systems.
Dependable and able to work independently.
Ability to manage competing job responsibilities.
OUR HIRING PROCESS

To set you up for success, you can find our hiring process including tips on applying and interviewing with us on our website. Now it’s up to you! Apply today to start an amazing journey with IMC.
