About SPINS

SPINS is a diverse group of positive professionals with an unwavering commitment to help propel the natural and organic industry forward. Our company culture promotes individualism and encourages creative expression while innovating new industry applications, in a collaborative and highly rewarding environment.

We pride ourselves on building meaningful relationships with each member of our team and stimulating creativity by exposing our talent to various aspects and opportunities across the company. As we continue to grow our unique collective of innovators, industry experts, software engineers and business consultants, we can increase America's access to healthier product alternatives, by continuing to empower our manufacturer and retail partners.

We look forward to learning more about you and how your talents can help shape the future of SPINS.

Position Summary

Our Engineering team creates solutions that cover the entire lifecycle of information utilization, from ideation through implementation. We are investing heavily in our products and rebuilding our Business Intelligence platforms using the latest database, big data, and reporting technologies.

The Business Intelligence Engineer will create user information solutions by designing and coding medium- to high-complexity reports, leveraging the latest Qlikview and Qlik Sense reporting platform and tools. This position will be part of a team within engineering working on business intelligence.

This is a position on the Applications Development Team and will be based out of the SPINS' downtown Chicago office.

Key Responsibilities
Design and code medium- to high-complexity reports, leveraging Qlikview and Qlik Sense Server, Enterprise Edition
Collaborate with others to identify reporting requirements, design features and specifications
Convert user stories to report designs
Design and implement security and distribution architecture for reports
Import data into the Data Warehouse from source systems using ETL scripts
Debug reporting problems and issues in Qlikview, Qlik Sense and SQL code
Provide support to ensure optimal performance of reports and dashboards
Support all facets of data modeling and data management activities
Maintain the data dictionary and drive adherence
Create all types of reports and insightful data displays
Identify and escalate issues that put work at risk of delay and propose suitable alternatives
The SPINS Way
Direct – We communicate with clarity, honesty and respect in all situations and embrace opportunities to provide solution-oriented feedback.
Determined – We are committed to overcoming all obstacles to achieve results. We adapt to change, seek opportunities to learn and rapidly translate that learning into action.
Passionate – We go above and beyond to help our partners achieve their goals. We challenge assumptions and are comfortable forging new paths.
Collaborative – We leave our egos at the door, believing that working together we will produce an outcome that's greater than each individual contribution.
If we haven't convinced you to join us yet, this just might! Sure we have a great benefit program but SPINS also offers its team members:
Company subsidized commuter transit program
Gym, bike storage and showers onsite
Fresh and healthy snacks daily
Vibrancy 360 Wellness Program: Free yoga and fitness classes, onsite massage, volunteer opportunities, client product demos, outings, and more.
