ABOUT US
With nearly 30 years of experience as a digital marketing and creative agency, All Campus partners with leading, traditional institutions of higher education to expand online enrollment. We provide the up-front marketing investment, expertise, and service level required for success. Guided by our experience interacting with students from a wide variety of fields and backgrounds, we create a customized, specialized service offering to capture any audience. Our growing list of clients includes the University of Southern California, the University of Arizona, the George Washington University, the University of Florida, Purdue University, Boston University, DePaul University, and many other universities.
We offer one of the most unique working environments you’ll find in Chicago - the quirkiness of a creative agency and the analytical mindset of a consulting firm. We are looking for team players who are highly motivated to deliver exceptional results for a growing organization. The ideal candidate is someone who enjoys coming up with new ideas, is comfortable communicating them to a variety of stakeholders and other managers, and who is excited by the prospect of working constantly to improve performance. Put simply, we genuinely like working with one another, and it shows—All Campus has been listed a Chicago Crain’s “Best Places to Work,” three years in a row (2018-2020) as well as a top-20 ranking on the 2019 and 2020 Built In Chicago “Best Places to Work” list.
BENEFITS
At All Campus, the passion and talent our employees bring to work every day are at the core of our continued success as a company. We are committed to fostering your professional growth, as well as doing everything we can to keep you happy, healthy, and passionate about the work you do. That’s why we promote a casual and cordial office environment where every employee is valued, and the doors of communication are always open. Our competitive and comprehensive benefits package includes:
Health Coverage
Retirement Planning
Work-life balance benefits
In addition to plenty of extra perks like free food, lively parties, and Summer Friday hours.
SUMMARY
The Back-End Developer will focus on the development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the central database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. The Back-End Developer would be able to suggest the right tools for the job at hand, keeping in mind security, scalability and reliability. You will work with the usability of the application in mind at all times and would work in-sync with the design and front-end teams. You would be comfortable taking ownership of projects and seeing them through to completion.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Be involved and participate in the overall application lifecycle
Focus on coding and debugging
Collaborate with multidisciplinary team of designers, developers and system administrators
Define and communicate technical and design requirements
Build high-quality, scalable, and reusable code
Develop functional and sustainable web applications
Stay up to date with current best practices
Write tests and optimize performance
Manage cutting-edge technologies to improve applications
Participate in conferences and educational programs
Follow new and emerging technologies
Develop ideas for new programs, products, or features by monitoring industry developments and trends
Optimization of the application for security, reliability, performance, and scalability
Implementation of security and data protection protocols
Design and implementation of data storage solutions
EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE an equivalent combination of education, training and experience will be considered.
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Programming, or related field preferred
3+ years of experience as a back-end developer
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Critical thinker and problem-solving skills
Great time management skills
Knowledge of browser troubleshooting and debugging practices and techniques
Strong experience with Python – Flask, pytest, SQLAlchemy, Jinja, etc.
Strong experience with PostgreSQL
Experience with AWS Tools and Development
Experience with Redis, RabbitMQ
Proficiency with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery
Proficiency with Data migration, transformation, and scripting
