Role Data Engineer Location Richmond, VA Chicago, IL Duration 7+Months (will extended to 1 year) Job description Required Technologies Strong Programming experience with object-orientedobject function scripting languages Python. Experience with big data tools Hadoop, Apache Spark Experience with AWS cloud services S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift Experience with stream-processing systems Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. (Nice to have) Experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases Detailed overview of functional and technical role expectations Candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have working experience using the following softwaretools 3+ years of experience (Mid-level) Strong Programming experience with object-orientedobject function scripting languages Python 3+ years of experience (Mid-level) Experience with big data tools Hadoop, Apache Spark, Kafka, etc 1+ years of experience with AWS cloud services S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift. Experience with stream-processing systems Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. (Nice to have). 1+ Years of experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra. Responsibilities for Data Engineer Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional non-functional business requirements. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability etc. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS 'Big data' technologies. Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Required Skills Python, Hadoop, Apache Spark, AWS, SnowflakeSQL knowledge. -- Thanks Regards, G. Naga Tarun US IT Recruiter Email tarunkeylent.com Direct 407-801-8682 linkedin.cominnaga-tarun-b741b7140 Keylent Inc 1000 N West Street, Suite 1200 Wilmington,DE,19801 www.keylent.com httpwww.keylent.com
