Kin + Carta is hiring a Senior Android Engineer on a contract basis. The ideal potential employee for Kin + Carta is innovative, passionate about mobile technology with full-stack experience, looks to continually learn and enjoys sharing expertise. Strong verbal and written communication are a must. Experience working in an Agile Scrum development environment, or in a consulting capacity is a plus.

What You Will Be Doing:
Developing enterprise mobile web (HTML5, JS, CSS) and Android (Java/Kotlin) mobile applications.
Working in an Agile Scrum environment
Partnering with top-notch designers to create award-winning user experiences
Participate in design and code reviews to ensure best practices and high-quality code
Documenting and following best practices and recommending best practices around source control, deployment, and issue tracking
Providing mentorship to junior engineers while also being mentored by more experienced engineers and architects to foster your career path and growth
Must be able to work in a team environment
Gaining technical knowledge of software, hardware, and open source technology stacks
Your Profile Includes:
Bachelor's degree (Computer Science, Engineering or MIS/IT major preferred)
Previous experience (professional or personal) with developing applications in Android
Previous experience working with Java/J2EE
Strong knowledge of core Java development and Object Oriented development
Published apps a strong plus
Strong programming background and familiarity with at least one additional Object Oriented language (i.e. either C#, Objective-C or C++)
Kin + Carta exists to make the world work better by delivering transformative digital growth for our clients. As a digital transformation firm, we apply creativity, data, and technology to help clients invent, market, and operate new digital products and services that turn prospects into customers, and customers into advocates. Kin + Carta seamlessly integrates the strategic consulting, software engineering, and marketing technology needed to help businesses 'Make It Happen'.

Consultants at Kin + Carta have the opportunity to: engage with the most cutting-edge emerging technologies, solve difficult problems for some of the world's biggest companies, and work within a breadth of industries.

Kin + Carta is headquartered in Chicago and London with offices across four continents. Our culture and shared ways of working unite us globally, but it's our diverse specialisms, our connections, and our courage that makes our firm a recognized best place to work.

We welcome our Kin to show up as their full selves every day. Because this is so important to us, Kin + Carta is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. If you need accommodations at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.
