At Echo we are committed to help our Associates grow their career. Apply today and grow with Echo!

-

-

Echo Global Logistics is a leading provider of technology-enabled transportation management services. As a third-party logistics provider, we simplify transportation management for our clients and carriers, handling crucial tasks so they can focus on what they do best. From coast to coast, dock to dock, and across all major transportation modes, Echo connects businesses that need to ship their products with carriers who transport goods quickly, securely, and cost-effectively.

Position Purpose

As a Software Engineer on the Echo Global Logistics team, you will contribute to engineering of large scale web-based applications to enable Echo’s business while supporting architectural vision of quality, scalability, performance and function. Our proprietary software is created with the goal to simplify transportation for our customers and carriers, and is one of our largest competitive advantages in an ever growing market.

Our team has recently been ranked the third largest digital company by employee size in Chicago and we are continuing to see increased growth in virtually all of our technical teams. We have recently completed the technology integration with Command Transportation and look forward to continued success with you as part of our team!

Essential Position Functions

You...
See technology as a passion, not something you just do between 9-5
Possess the ability to create new solutions; we operate on a web based platform and constantly facing unchartered waters
Possess strong fundamentals within coding technologies and a willingness to wear several hats when called upon
Do not wait for something to break; find a problem before it becomes one and constantly aiming to improve
Having a willingness to vocalize these ideas and pick yourself up if you get knocked down
We…
Value passionate technologists, go-getters, and people who never stop seeking ways to improve existing technology
Have a high focus on career development and the runway to get you there
Work hard, period
Offer competitive compensation, benefits, 401k, challenging projects, company wide events, coworkers and leaders who will push you to get better, a sense of community not found anywhere else
Responsibilities:

Software Engineer’s work in conjunction with Senior Engineer’s, Business Analysts, and Business Owners
Contributes to technical design including high-level conceptual diagram, ERD, service contracts using C# and SQL based technologies (open to other languages) in an Agile environment.
Producing high quality code and addressing technical debt.
Support and accountable for timely releases
Prepares data sets to test logic, error handling and system workflows. Isolates, reproduces, and tracks defects.
Carry out root cause analysis on defects to ensure fixes are happening in the right way.
Provide mentorship to teammates
As a team member work hand in hand with product owner to break down user stories.
Develops and writes testing scripts and plans to ensure that software functions as expected.
Managing software risk, balancing priorities, going above and beyond the call of duty.
Position Requirements
2+ years developing front end applications leveraging the following frameworks:
Javascript
HTML
CSS
Proven track record in working in a fast paced environment
What's in it for you?
Help career growth by joining industry leader and continuing to advance Echo web based technologies
Working with an organization with defined market goals, products, customers, revenue, and development teams
Experienced mentors to learn and adopt new practices
Ability to introduce your own views and takes on our product offerings
Work in the full software delivery life-cycle
Ability to constantly enhance and improve applications
Have a clearly defined career growth track with enough flexibility to pave your own way
Work environment/physical demands summary:

This job operates in an office environment and uses a computer, telephone and other

office equipment as needed to perform duties. The noise level in the work environment is typical of

that of an office with an open seating floor plan. The employee may encounter frequent interruptions throughout the work day. The employee is regularly required to sit, talk, or hear.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or Vietnam era or other protected veteran.
