Trident Consulting is seeking a " Data Engineer with one of our clients inMcLean,VA "A global leader in business and technology services
Exact Job Location/Work Address Richmond, VA/Chicago, IL
Project Duration (relevant for CWR) 7+ Months
Required Technologies
Strong Programming experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python/Scala, Spark.
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Apache Spark etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. (Nice to have)
Experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases

Job Description: Detailed overview of functional and technical role expectations Candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have working experience using the following software/tools:
3+ years of experience (Mid-level) Strong Programming experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python/Scala, Spark.
3+ years of experience (Mid-level) Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Apache Spark, Kafka, etc
1+ years of experience Experience with AWS cloud services: S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. (Nice to have)
1+ Years of experience Experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Responsibilities for Data Engineer:
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS 'Big data' technologies.
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.

Preferred Skills Python/Scala, Hadoop, Apache Spark, AWS, Snowflake/SQL knowledge
Years of Experience Required 5+

Trident Consulting handles the staffing and management of part all of the recruitment process for our customers wishing to outsource their staffing requirements. From job profiling, providing new staff, technology, to onboarding a new hire we support our customers in their future business needs.

Our Client is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, the consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., a member of the NASDAQ-100 is ranked 205 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world.
