We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it.  The US Department of Justice, 198 of top 200 US law firms, and more than 70 Fortune 100 companies are among the customers who trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects.
Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
Join us in the transformation of the legal industry and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the practice of law and beyond. We don’t believe in ‘ideal’ candidates, so if you see a job that sparks your interest, go for it. Wherever you’re from, however you identify, and whatever experience you have, you can belong at Relativity.

As a Pre-Sales Engineer, you will play a key role in supporting Relativity’s sales activities. You will be responsible for providing clients and prospects with exceptional Relativity experience via workflow assistance and acting as a solution evangelist.
Role Responsibilities
Assist Relativity’s efforts to acquire and grow new accounts
Participate in sales calls and meetings with account executives and prospects
Assist with, or lead, presentations and product demonstrations
Identify customer business needs and help define solutions to address them
Manage all assigned Proof of Concept projects and address any prospect questions and issues
Capture prospect/customer requirements and work with sales to write sales proposals detailing how Relativity’s solutions will address business needs
Deliver feedback to the product management team based on prospect or customer interaction, product issues, field deployments and generally observed market trends
Create necessary documentation, presentations, and product demonstrations to teach clients about Relativity functionality and the value proposition
Maintain expert knowledge of Relativity product suite by consulting internally with teams and other resources, individual study, and attending demo days to ensure expertise of Relativity, future product enhancements, and added features
Understand sales process as it relates to Relativity's overall strategies and objectives
Preferred Qualifications
Experience supporting e-discovery solutions including Review, Analytics, Processing, Legal Hold and Collection
Relativity experience; complete technical understanding of Relativity
Effective communication skills (written, verbal, & presentation)
Ability to multitask and self-manage workload
Attention to detail
Active Relativity Certified Admin (RCA)
Strong sales orientation
Ability to travel 25-40%
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or a combination of education and experience in engineering, information systems, or business administration
Minimum of 3 years experience supporting enterprise SaaS applications in sales engineering or consulting
Ability to pass the Relativity Certified Administrator (RCA) exam within 6 weeks of employment
Ability to obtain Relativity Master certification within 18 months of employment
Proven technology skills, outstanding interpersonal abilities, and strong written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail, plus analytical and problem-solving capabilities
Positive, service-oriented personality
Ability to travel 25-40%
Ability to multitask and self-manage workload
Ability to work in our Chicago office
At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey.
Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.
So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
