Who We Are!

At Maven Wave, we are committed to hiring the industrys top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Maven Wave helps leading companies make the shift to digital and shorten the fuse to innovation. We combine the expertise of top-tier consulting with the agility of a cutting-edge technology firm. This multidisciplinary blend of skills allows us to create unique digital advantages for our clients. Maven Waves digital solutions are agile, mobile, rooted in analytics, and built in the cloud.

Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: help Maven Wave drive the technical design and execution of cloud infrastructure implementations and migrations!

Your Life As a Maven:
Work with client infrastructure teams to create Google Cloud solutions and lead end-to-end implementations from planning through migration and support.
Configure and deploy application storage, database storage, data backup, data archiving, and disaster recovery solutions.
Design and configure VPNs, CDNs, Interconnect, and DNS solutions.
Configure, deploy and migrate Linux and Windows server workloads.
Implement Docker/Kubernetes platforms in the GCP.
Your Expertise:
Hands-on experience engineering, deploying and running cloud solutions on AWS, Azure and/or Google.
Establish and manage cloud-based database storage and file and object storage such as Amazon S3 and Google Cloud Storage.
Knowledge of IP networking, VPNs, DNS, load balancing and firewalls.
Experience designing solutions on Windows and Linux with SQL, IIS, Exchange, Apache, MySQL, Tomcat, etc.
Must have a bachelors degree in Computer Science, Technology, Computer Information Systems, Computer Applications, Engineering, or a related field.
Your X-Factor:
Aptitude - You have an innate capacity to transition from project to project without skipping a beat.
Communication - You have strong communication skills for coordination across projects and teams.
Impact - You are a critical problem solver with an emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Passion - You have the drive to succeed paired with a continuous hunger to learn.
Leadership - You are trusted, empathetic, accountable, and empower others around you.
Why Were Proud To Be Mavens!
Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year 2019, 2018
#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE, 2018
Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work, 2017 & 2018
Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business
101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR)
Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch
Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine
Top IT Services Companies, Clutch
Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year
Ready to Learn More?
Life of a Maven
Check out the Infrastructure Team
See what Glassdoor has to say
Real Customer Stories
