Net2Source is a Global Workforce Solutions Company headquartered at NJ, USA with its branch offices in Asia Pacific Region. We are one of the fastest growing IT Consulting company across the USA and we are hiring "Job Title" for one of our clients. We offer a wide gamut of consulting solutions customized to our 450+ clients ranging from Fortune 5001000 to Start-ups across various verticals like Technology, Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Oil Gas, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Utilities, Technology, Manufacturing, the Internet, and Engineering. Role Data Engineer Exact Job LocationWork Address Chicago, IL Project Duration (relevant for CWR) 7+ Months Required Technologies Strong Programming experience with object-orientedobject function scripting languages Python. Experience with big data tools Hadoop, Apache Spark etc. Experience with AWS cloud services S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift Experience with stream-processing systems Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. (Nice to have) Experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases Job Description Detailed overview of functional and technical role expectations Candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have working experience using the following softwaretools 3+ years of experience (Mid-level) Strong Programming experience with object-orientedobject function scripting languages Python 3+ years of experience (Mid-level) Experience with big data tools Hadoop, Apache Spark, Kafka, etc 1+ years of experience with AWS cloud services S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift Experience with stream-processing systems Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. (Nice to have) 1+ Years of experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra. Responsibilities for Data Engineer Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional non-functional business requirements. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability etc. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS lsquoBig datarsquo technologies. Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Preferred Skills Python, Hadoop, Apache Spark, AWS, SnowflakeSQL knowledge Years of Experience Required 5+ About Net2Source, Inc. Net2Source is an employer-of-choice for over 2200+ consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 40 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S. We are one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. and this may be your opportunity to join us! Want to read more about Net2Source?, Visit us at www.net2source.com httpwww.net2source.com Equal Employment Opportunity Commission The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Net2Source Inc. is one of the fastest growing Global Workforce Solutions company with a growth of 100 YoY for last consecutive 3 years with over 2200+ employees globally and 30 locations in US and operations in 20 countries. With an experience of over a decade we offer unmatched workforce solutions to our clients by developing an in-depth understanding of their business needs. We specialize in Contingent hiring, Direct Hires, Statement of Work, Payroll Management, IC Compliance, VMS, RPO and Managed IT Services. Fast Facts about Net2Source Inception in 2007, privately held, Debt free 2200+ employees globally 375+ In- house Team of Sales, Account Management and Recruitment with coast to coast COE. 30 offices in US and 50+ Offices globally Operations in 20 countries (US, Canada, Mexico, APAC, UK, UAE, Europe, , Europe, Latin America, Japan, Australia) Awards and Accolades 2018 ndash Fastest Growing IT Staffing Firm in North America by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 ndash Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America as a 5 times consecutive honoree ndash Inc. 5000 2018 ndash Fastest 50 by NJBiz 2018 ndash Techserve Excellence Award (IT and Engineering Staffing) 2018 ndash Best of the Best Platinum Award by Agile1 2018 ndash 40 Under 40 Award Winner by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 ndash CEO World Gold Award by SVUS 2017 ndash Best of the Best Gold Award by Agile1 Thanks Regards, Ajeet Yadav Sr. Account Manager ndash Enterprise Business (201) 340-8700 Ext 598 (201) 620-3288 (Cell) Email ajeetynet2source.com mailtoajeetynet2source.com Web www.net2source.com httpwww.net2source.com Social Facebook httpswww.facebook.comnet2source Twitter httpstwitter.comnet2source LinkedIn httpswww.linkedin.comcompanynet2source-inc-
