By clicking continue you agree to Built In's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

ActiveCampaign's category-defining Customer Experience Automation Platform helps over 100,000 businesses in 170 countries meaningfully engage with their customers. The platform gives businesses of all sizes access to hundreds of pre-built automations that combine email marketing, marketing automation, CRM, and machine learning for powerful orchestration, segmentation and personalization across social, email, messaging, chat, and text. Over 70% of ActiveCampaign's customers use its 300+ integrations including Shopify, Square, Facebook, Eventbrite, and Salesforce. ActiveCampaign scores higher in customer satisfaction than any other solution in both Marketing Automation and CRM All-In-One on .

As the fastest-growing SaaS company in Chicago, we are scaling rapidly to keep up with market demand. We are growing all of our teams and looking for people who share our values, deliver innovation frequently and join us in our mission to grow our customer base from 100,000 today to millions.

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Engineer to join our Data Science team. At ActiveCampaign, Senior Data Engineers deal with terabytes of platform transactional data, such as UI interaction time series, marketing content, user e-commerce trails, etc.

Our team is passionate about delivering data-driven features to our end users. We are a closely-knit team with both data scientists and engineers, who seamlessly collaborate and support each other, and hold a high bar of quality work.

If this sounds like you and your next career move, then we would love to hear from you!

What your day could consist of:
Manage and improve existing ETLs and create ETLs to ingest new sources of data
Maintain and scale our data pipeline, enhance and expand our data infrastructure
Programmatically unify data from various sources
Promote and execute the best practices of data management, at both team-wide and company-wide
Communicate and collaborate with product and operations teams, to create more value out of our data
Besides the strong technical skills, the ideal candidate should be a continuous learner, comfortable at working with various teams, have a natural curiosity of how things work, and always committed to delivering top quality work
What is needed:
Advanced SQL knowledge
Proficiency with Python (3+ years of experience)
Hands-on Linux experience
Working experience processing 500GB to 5TB of data
Experience with both batch and streaming data processing
Experience working with structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data
Experience in interacting with and optimizing usage of cloud data warehouses (Snowflake)
Optional: AWS, Terraform
ActiveCampaign is an employee-first culture. We take care of our employees at work and outside of work. We'll share all the details later on but in summary: comprehensive health and wellness benefits including no premiums for employees on our HSA plan, open time off plan, generous 401(k) matching with no vesting, lunch and endless snacks/ beverages, reimbursed commuting, education budgets, ongoing learning and development, a proactive approach to diversity and inclusion, career pathing and lots of swag.

Read Full Job Description

& lever-source%5B%5D=BuiltInChicago

First Name

Last Name

Email Address
