Job Detail
Job Title:
Sr Information Security Engineer
Department:
IS Administration
Shift:
1st
Full/Part:
Active Regular FT (72 to 80 hours per pay period)
Specialty:
Job Number:
2020-1289

Job Description:


Sr. Information Security Engineer
Position Highlights:
As a Senior Security Engineer for Rush University Medical Center, you will have exceptional expertise in network and infrastructure security. You will focus on security monitoring, threat hunting, and incident response activities throughout the organization. This role will leverage the individual’s security expertise and a wide array of proprietary and open source tools to uncover and respond to any perceived or realized malicious activity. You will assist in Defining, Leading, managing the Incident Response Plan in a variety of scenarios to include University, Business Operations and Hospital. You will manage multiple projects with a degree of impact and complexity that must be carefully organized to support the internal business unit security requirements. You will also help lead initiatives to ensure timely delivery of security solutions that support IT Security and business objectives. You will work independently and will regularly be given high-level directives.

Position Responsibilities:

Provide log analysis, malware triage and forensics on a wide array of technologies to include host, network device, medical device, IoT and mobile devices to support incident response activities.
Utilize various open source and proprietary technologies to conduct organization wide investigations and examine endpoint and network-based sources of evidence, to also include medical devices.
Recognize and codify attacker tools, tactics, and procedures in determining indicators of compromise (IOCs) that can be applied to current and future investigations.
Build scripts, tools, or methodologies to enhance incident investigation processes.
Make recommendations to ensure detective and response capabilities are adequate and provide appropriate use-cases.
Develop comprehensive, accurate reports and presentations for both technical and non-technical audiences pertaining to investigations.
Effectively communicate investigative findings and strategy to client stakeholders including technical staff, executive leadership, and legal counsel.
Work with various teams to implement remediation plans in response to incidents.
Assist with scoping prospective engagements, participating in investigations from kickoff through remediation, and mentoring less experienced staff.
Assess the IT infrastructure and able to detect critical deficiencies, and recommend solutions for improvements or additional mitigation controls.
Provide cybersecurity design recommendations and assist in managing security implementations for various products and technologies.
Serve as a cybersecurity subject matter expert for various projects.
Position Qualifications Include:

Bachelors’ Degree in a STEM field.
5+ in a Security Engineer/Information Security/Vulnerability Management role.
5+ in an incident response role, CSIRT/DFIRCertifications
Experience conducing Digital forensic with tools such as Encase, X-Rays, FTK, SIFT, etc. Understanding of the MITRE ATT&CK framework and working knowledge of the cyber kill chain. Experienced analyzing log data and be able to correlate data to ascertain activity.
Experienced using SIEM and capable of performing threat hunting with SIEM and performing OSIT.
Experienced in conducting malware analysis.
Knowledgeable on NIST CSF, NIST 800 series and ITIL process management.
In depth understanding of common attack patterns and how systems can become compromised.
In depth understanding of CSIRT processes and general conception of levering SIEMs to perform investigative activities.
Certifications in either ISC2, SANS, ISACA, or vendor specific certifications attesting to security expertise in vulnerability management highly preferred (ISC2 CISSP, SANS GIAC GCIH, GCFE, GPEN certifications)
Company Highlights:

Rush was recently ranked first for Quality and Accountability among 102 leading academic medical centers in the US in a study conducted by the health care services company Vizient.
Ranked among the top academic medical centers in the country, Rush University Medical Center is an outstanding place to enhance your career. Everything we do centers on one goal: improving patient care.
Rush offers a competitive salary, and valuable healthy living benefits including: health, dental and vision to help you maintain and improve your health. Rush also offers several ways to invest in your future.
Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

Complete Application
