Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Boston, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Reston, VA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA

Minimum qualifications:
5 years of experience working with SQL.
Experience architecting solutions with enterprise scale relational database technologies (Oracle, SQL Server), including performance, tuning, sizing, costing, etc for cloud solutions.
Experience with data migration strategies and moving production systems either in on-premise/data center environments or migration to cloud scenarios.
Preferred qualifications:
4 years of technical sales experience or professional consulting experience in the fields of systems integration, large scale data transfer/management, and enterprise database performance.
Experience optimizing database performance with respect to transactional and/or analytic workloads.
Experience in disaster recovery and data backup strategies.
Knowledge of cloud and data center network topologies, enterprise security, cloud identity, troubleshooting techniques.
Ability to effectively present to both technical and non-technical audiences.
About the job


The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.

As an Enterprise Data Customer Engineer you will contribute experience and thought leadership to support Google Cloud Sales teams, and drive vision, mission, and strategy around enterprise data migration and transformation. You'll meet with customers to facilitate business transformation, success patterns, and establish an architectural blueprint as the foundation for migration to Google Cloud. You will need to travel to customer sites and events up to 40% of time.

In this role, you'll identify and assess enterprise customer data landscapes to uncover cloud solutions to recommend, plan for, and address core market opportunities and use cases. Finally, you will enable customers, partners and field teams on the best way to position enterprise data solutions on Google Cloud, explain technical features, and problem-solve potential roadblocks on Google Cloud.

Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems.
Responsibilities
Support local sales teams in pursuit of key business opportunities and engage customers to address aspects of the data lifecycle.
Identify business and technical requirements, conduct full technical discovery, and architect client solutions to meet gathered requirements.
Take responsibility for leading technical projects, including such activities as technology advocacy, supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources.
Work hands-on with Google Cloud Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight the Google Cloud Platform value proposition.
Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
