Data and Software Engineer

The Data and Software Engineer will join the engineering team of a rapidly growing and global start-up in the Alternative Data and FinTech space. You will be responsible for developing cutting edge data analytics, and AI applications as well as onboarding new datasets to be used by our Data Showcasing and PaaS Financial Technology Businesses. You will be responsible for working on numerous innovative technologies and projects that enable date vendors to accelerate their data sales and for global fundamental and quantitative investment managers to generate a higher ROI on their data purchases.

We have developed innovative, next-generation data exploring, and algorithmic testing and trading systems. This position will have the opportunity to participate in pushing your technology and knowledge skills to the next level. The learning curve never stops at CloudQuant.

Day to Day Responsibilities
Dataset onboarding: You will work with new datasets and internal tools to bring datasets into our data driven systems. This includes mapping data to related companies and building configurations for APIs that utilize those datasets.
Software Development: Python and C++ development projects depending upon skill set.
Compensation & Benefits:

This is a full-time salaried position with paid time-off, medical and dental benefits, and opportunities for advancement. Bonuses are paid based upon individual and company performance.

Requirements:
Python 3 (2+ years) with understanding of Pandas, Numpy, Asyncio
C++ with Templates (2+ years)
Jupyter Hub / JupyterLab / Jupyter Notebooks (1+ years)
Bachelor's Degree - Financial or Technical
Debugging
GIT
Linux
Continuous Building and Test Systems
Communication skills (verbal, written)
Would be great if you also have:
Trading industry interest and/or experience (stocks, futures, FX, crypto, etc.)
Data science/engineering experience
Exposure to Machine learning and Recommendation Systems
Kubernetes
QT experience
Javascript
Grafana
Airflow
Location:

Chicago, IL

About CloudQuant

CloudQuant provides alternative data showcasing services to alternative data providers including bespoke AI, Machine Learning, and data science services. Fundamental and quantitative investors utilize the cloud-based institutional-grade analytics technology and detailed backtests to quickly research alternative datasets in a novel "try-before-you-buy" data shopping experience.

CloudQuant demonstrates the value in alternative data to accelerate data sales for vendor partners and increase ROI for data purchasers.

We are Quantitative Investors, Proprietary Traders, Machine Learning Experts, Fundamental Investors, CPAs, CFAs, MBAs, PhDs, MFMs, CIOs, Data Scientists, AI Research Consultants

We are a global crowd research network.

We use and license PaaS technology solutions for Visualization, Data Science, Advanced Data APIs, Artificial Intelligence, High-Resolution Backtesting, High-Frequency Trading Engines, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Proprietary Alpha Signal broadcasting.
