ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

ABOUT THE ROLE

Centro's technology team is building web applications for streamlining digital media planning. Our customers live in our apps eight hours a day, negotiating complex deals at blazing speed. We’re looking for someone with experience testing complex web applications in a collaborative team environment to be the newest member of our growing team of talented engineers, product managers, and designers.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES
Responsible for design and execution of the high quality end-to-end UI and backend testing frameworks
Work with DEV teams continuously to enhance the quality and testing coverage of the product
Deliver optimized code and deal with interesting scalability challenges
Be the voice of quality in highly collaborative agile product teams.
Make sure that each deployment to production is of highest quality
QUALIFICATIONS
Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals
5 or more years of experience in Java development.
Work experience with Selenium webdriver and Cucumber frameworks
Experience with Ruby, RSpec and Capybara framework is a big advantage
OO development, SQL & NoSQL, micro-services architecture, and TD
Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Experience with build/project management tools
Understanding of Agile SDLC
OUR TEAM’S TECH STACK
Development language: Java
Additional coding/scripting languages: Scala, Python, Javascript, Ruby
Databases: MariaDB, Redis, AeroSpike, PostgreSQL
Frameworks: Jersey, Guava, Selenium Webdriver, Cucumber
Infrastructure: Dockers, AWS, VM
Big Data: HDFS, Hive, Impala, Kafka, Cassandra
Services: Tomcat, Grizzly
Additional technologies such as: Zookeeper, Maven, Artifactory, Git, IntelliJ, Mockito
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.
