About Unravel Data

UNRAVEL: MAKING DATA LIVE UP TO ITS PROMISE
Applications power your business. And data powers your applications. But making that data work consistently and reliably is a unique challenge requiring a unique solution. At Unravel, we think big data can do better, and we’re here to help it along. By radically simplifying the way you do data operations, we’re ensuring big data lives up to your expectations – both today and tomorrow.

Working at Unravel
We challenge ourselves to rethink what’s possible. We value great minds and have a passion for excellence. We’re focused and driven to deliver beyond expectations. We strive for greatness but stay humble. We love what we’re doing and have fun doing it.

Become a part of the future of data: Work with a talented team on a revolutionary product – and enjoy every minute of it.

If you are a technologist who enjoys working with customers and are driven by high-pace, high-growth environments where you can learn new skills, hone existing ones, accelerate your career to the level (and beyond) and make a tremendous impact in a space that continues to grow, then Unravel Data has a perfect role for you. Unravel Data is helping customers achieve the full value of their Big Data platforms with an intelligent APM solution and is looking to further grow its technical team in the field in pre and post sales roles. As a Big Data Solutions Engineer, you work in the crucial intersection of potential and existing customers and the rest of the company, driving customer success that leads ultimately to revenue and hence overall company success. Come join the team, make a tremendous impact, and have an exceedingly good time while doing so!
About the Role
Hands on Big Data experience - installation, operations, implementation, troubleshooting, tuning (examples of key platforms/tools: CDH/HDP/MapR/EMR/HDI/Databricks/Dataproc/etc., Hive, Spark, Kafka, HBase, HDFS, oozie, Airflow, YARN, etc.)
Primary responsibility for “technical win” in sales cycles, i.e. solution/value to requirements fit, works closely with customers, Unravel account representatives, PM, Engineering, L-team, marketing…..basically the entire company to achieve this
Focused on new customer acquisition w/ direct ownership for growth+renewal on select strategic accounts
Exceedingly strong presentation/soft skills are a must. Example of activities include customer evangelism + technical account penetration, demos, training+enablement, solution/value to requirements workshops
Heavy in-region travel, some out of region travel, primarily in-person customer facing
About You
5-10+ years in successful technical sales and/or implementation in enterprise software focused around Big Data technologies
Demonstrable overachievement against goals
Experience working in entrepreneurial/startup environments (initial field buildouts)
Comfortable interacting at all levels with customers (developers, architects, first/second line managers, VP and above, C-level)
General understanding of customer lifecycle, specifically as applied to responsibilities of the role
We have a passion for excellence. We’re driven, and we love what we’re doing and have fun doing it. We value great minds but we’re also humble enough to rally around the best solution, regardless of whose idea it was. We value talent and we are always on the lookout for the right people to join us.
