The safety and security of CSC’s current and prospective employees, customers, and the communities we serve are our first priority.

Due to coronavirus (COVID-19) concerns, we have transitioned to virtual interviews for the foreseeable future. We look forward to all upcoming video and phone interview conversations with our prospective candidates.

We are always in search of top talent to join the CSC family. If you are looking for a career change, don’t hesitate to apply or reach out to us. We’ll have virtual interactions until we are able to move forward again with in-person interactions.

If you value rewarding software development projects, access to training and career advancement, and working with great people in a positive culture—we do too! Come help us create automation software for over 50% of the Fortune 500 companies. You will receive an industry-best total compensation package and work with many of the latest Microsoft development tools available. Qualified engineers should have a strong working knowledge of the latest Microsoft tools and technologies used to develop .NET Web applications. In this role you will play an active role in the design and development of features for our cloud-based commercial Tax Software product. This integral role can be in either our Chicago or Buffalo Grove, IL, Plano, TX, or Wilmington, DE offices.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS
At least 5 years of software design and development experience
C#, .NET 4.6+, ASP.NET MVC, LINQ, JavaScript/Typescript, Angular, CSS, AJAX
Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server
Windows Server, IIS
MS SQL Server
CANDIDATE QUALITIES
Penchant and passion for software product development
Demonstrable skills in object oriented design, patterns and programming
Proficiency with unit and integration testing of code
Proven ability, willingness and motivation to learn and grow in an organization
Willingness to learn from mistakes, adapt and improve
Track record of delivering high quality work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to communicate clearly, concisely and accurately
A history of contributing ideas and opinions in a dynamic, diverse and talented team
What can we offer you?
Competitive compensation and benefit programs including 401k, medical, dental, vision and vacation plans are just a few of the many ways this company rewards its employees for their excellent performance
Continuous on-the-job training, mentoring, Visual Studio and Pluralsight subscriptions and the opportunity to learn from experienced and talented software professionals
Opportunity to work with customers directly and have an immediate and direct impact on their work
Sit or stand work stations, dual monitors available, SSD hard drives, i7 CPU, 64gb machines
A casual work environment with flexible schedules and work from home options
CSC Corptax is an Equal Opportunity Employer
CSC Corptax, is transforming the business of tax through technology and business process expertise. Offering the first and only single platform solution on the market, CSC Corptax handles an unlimited range of data with great accuracy, speed and transparency. We challenge ourselves every single day to help our clients increase automation, manage risks and make stronger decisions. We provide solutions to a multitude of Fortune 1000 firms, including more than 50% of the Fortune 500 and nine out of the top 10. CSC Corptax has been nationally recognized as one of the top companies to work for in Illinois and Texas. We are seeking highly motivated, enthusiastic individuals to join CSC Corptax in either our Chicago or Buffalo Grove,IL, Plano, TX, or Wilmington, DE offices. Visit our website at: http://www.corptax.com.
