We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it.  The US Department of Justice, 198 of top 200 US law firms, and more than 70 Fortune 100 companies are among the customers who trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects.
Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
Join us in the transformation of the legal industry and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the practice of law and beyond. We don’t believe in ‘ideal’ candidates, so if you see a job that sparks your interest, go for it. Wherever you’re from, however you identify, and whatever experience you have, you can belong at Relativity.

The Senior Network/Systems Engineer will participate in the planning, implementation, and maintenance of our expanding cloud based network. Assist in the setup and maintenance of point-to-site and site-to-site integrations between our client’s networks and ours. As well as advance automation efforts of our cloud-based network and its components.
Responsibilities:
Maintain, upgrade and/or troubleshoot a diverse range of networking arrangements to assist in integrating client’s networks with our cloud hosted solution
Deploy and maintain site-to-site VPNs for potential expansion to other regions
Assist in long term network and infrastructure direction and planning for growth to support our ever-increasing business needs
Design, deploy, and support unique solutions based on business requirements
Mentor and develop junior team members
Assist in troubleshooting network issues and creating documentation
Keep on top of industry trends and technology
Minimum Qualifications:
Experience with monitoring, reporting, management, and optimization tools regarding networks (Azure OMS, New Relic, AppDynamics, PRTG)
Experience managing next generation firewall appliance (we use Palo Alto)
Proven experience working with one or more of the following cloud providers. Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud
Experience with a scripting language required (PowerShell, Python, or Bash)
Excellent communication and inter-personal skills, including the ability to communicate difficult technical concepts in a straight-forward and simple manner
5 to 7 years supporting and maintaining enterprise level networks
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience
Preferred Qualifications:
Understands core networking concepts (routing/sub-netting)
Strong understanding of IPsec (phase1 and 2 crypto, IKEv1/IKEv2)
Security – A general knowledge of security concepts, best practices, and strategies for risk mitigation
Experience deploying and maintaining Palo Alto firewall networks
Software – Microsoft Active Directory and typical back-office software product knowledge, monitoring software and log aggregation software
Ability to work in a fast paced, team-oriented environment
Abiility to learn new tools and technologies around our changing business needs
Ability to maintain a calm demeanor when things are going wrong to troubleshoot issues effectively
A big picture mentality around solutions architecture and a Keep It Simple philosophy
Attention to detail in a complex computing environment
At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey.
Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.
So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
