Job Description
Blackstone Talent Group, an award-winning technology consulting and talent agency is seeking a Data Scientist to join our team at our client s site in San Francisco, CA.

Responsibilities:

Applies machine learning and other analytical modeling methods to develop robust and reliable analytical models, including visualizations, within software development environment.

Gathers, cleans, transforms, and/or reduces data from dissimilar sources.

Collaborates with team members and stakeholders to effectively manage the lifecycle of a model, retraining, replacing or sunsetting models when appropriate.

Shares and collaborates with other data scientists.

Delivers best-in-class software as part of a software delivery team.

Qualifications:

Minimum Education/Skills:

Bachelor s Degree in Econometrics, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Applied Sciences, Statistics or job-related discipline or equivalent experience

Job-related experience, 5 years, OR Master s Degree and job-related experience, 3 years, OR Doctorate

Desired Education / Skills:

Experience with the data science lifecycle, including data engineering, feature engineering, model building and evaluation, model deployment.

Knowledge of commonly used data science programming languages, packages, and tools, especially Python. Understanding of data science/machine learning models and algorithms, not limited to: deep learning (CNN, RNN etc), decision trees (e.g. xgboost, random forest), unsupervised techniques (e.g. clustering, anomaly detection), natural language processing and statistical methods.

Experience training models in a public cloud environment, using tools such as Jupyter, AWS Sagemaker.

Ability to synthesize complex information into clear insights and translate those insights into decisions and actions.

Ability to clearly communicate complex technical details and insights to colleagues and stakeholders.

Knowledge of the mathematical and statistical fields that underpin data science

Knowledge of systems thinking and decomposition of complex problems.

Humble is open to being coached, has high EQ and is self-aware

Hungry desires to get things done while honoring people, and seeks better ways to do the job

Collaborative has strong interpersonal skills; cares about and works well with teammates

Experience working on an agile delivery team, using methods such as Scrum, Kanban.

Blackstone Talent Group is a division of Blackstone Technology Group, a global IT services and solutions firm that implements technological solutions across commercial industry verticals and the US Federal Government. Blackstone s global talent augmentation practice was founded in 1998. Blackstone Talent Group has offices in San Francisco, Denver, Houston, Colorado Springs, and Washington, DC. We specialize in providing clients the best talent across a variety of industries and sectors.

EOE of Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabilities
