Overview


Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam, Inc. (LAN) is a full-service consulting firm offering planning, engineering and program management services. Founded in 1935, LAN has grown from its humble beginnings as a small Houston firm to a national leader in the heavy civil infrastructure engineering industry. A division of LEO A DALY, an international architecture/engineering firm, LAN has access to the expertise of nearly 800 professionals in 31 offices across the country.

"We believe everything we do is for the enrichment of the human experience."

Responsibilities
Perform entry-level professional work including developmental assignments involving the application of standard techniques, procedures, and criteria in carrying out routine engineering tasks under direct supervision.
Conduct preliminary engineering evaluations and studies to identify design improvement alternatives, compare options, and assist in making design recommendations as it relates to flood control and drainage projects.
Assist in the analysis of reports, maps, drawings, aerial photographs, perform site visits, and review survey data to plan and assemble construction documents.
Perform plan preparation of portions of routine projects under the direction of project engineer or senior CADD technician.
Assist in the preparation of quantity estimates.
Prepare construction, topographic and boundary survey layouts.
Be responsible for project quality on tasks assigned as defined in the Quality Assurance / Quality Control guidelines.
Qualifications
To understand the concepts of flood control and drainage systems
To understand surveying and basic engineering terminology
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in civil or environmental engineering from an accredited four-year college or university
Valid driver’s license
0-3 years of experience with hydrologic and hydraulic modeling, regional storm water analysis and planning, drainage analysis and design, FEMA and related flood studies, highway/roadway drainage design, bridge scour analysis, water system analysis and planning and other aspects of water resources engineering.
Experience with HEC-1/HEC-HMS, HEC-2/HEC-RAS, open channel hydraulics, and hydraulic structures desired.
A working knowledge of Arc-GIS software, GEOPAK, MicroStation and/or AutoCAD is a plus.
InfoWorks, XP-SWMM, ArcGIS experience preferred.
Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam, Inc. (LAN) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam, Inc., is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity, including providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with a disability. Applicants with a physical or mental disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact the Human Resources Department at 713-266-6900. For more information about your rights under the law, see EEO is the Law

HNH2019
