alliantgroup is currently in search of a full-time employee to execute visionary web based projects to create competitive edge solutions for expanding online presence.

alliantgroup (www.alliantgroup.com) is an independent national specialty tax services firm that delivers government sponsored tax incentives (federal and state) to the middle-market. alliantgroup’s national office is in Houston, Texas with regional offices in Orange County (CA), Chicago, New York, Miami, Seattle, San Francisco, Atlanta, Los Angeles, Denver, San Diego, Phoenix, Washington D.C., and Boston.

alliantgroup is currently in search of a full-time employee to execute strategic projects to create competitive edge solutions combining design, data, and software engineering. The ideal candidate will have experience cleaning data, reporting and dash boarding, ETL, monster SQL skills, performance tuning, database architecture and design and all the other random lessons learned in a long career working with data. Rock star Hadoop and Spark skills are preferred for this role.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with data scientists, product management, and web engineers to deliver value and project outcomes
Convert prototype models and data pipelines built by data scientists for use in production.
Evaluation and debugging of model performance to ensure parity with prototype (Spark/Java/Python).
Develop low-latency, real-time predictive models in a microservice environment (Java).
Balance long-term code health and maintainability with business needs.
Profiling and performance tuning of production code.
ML Ops: support of Dataproc, Zeppelin, Gitlab, continuous integration systems, monitoring, alerting, etc.
"
Experience and interest in Big Data technologies (Hadoop/ Spark/ NoSQL DB)
Experience working on projects within the cloud ideally Azure/AWS
Strong development background with experience in at least two scripting, object oriented, or functional programming language, etc. SQL Python, Java, Scala, R
Experience in at least one ETL tool
Ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying linkages across disparate data sets


Benefits:

alliantgroup offers excellent benefits including, but not limited to, the following: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, 401(k), FSA, Holidays, PTO, Training and Mentoring programs.

If you are seeking a remarkable opportunity within a dynamic, growing organization, please email your resume and salary requirements for immediate consideration

"
