Business Intelligence Engineer

We are a group of disruptors & transformers, applying our unique change strategies to the construction industry. We are looking for people, and were very picky, who possess a unique skill set along with a hunger to contribute, solve problems, and succeed. If you are not driven, motivated, and user-friendly, PLEASE DO NOT APPLY!

If you're intrigued and think you have what it takes to bet on yourself and contribute to a powerhouse team, then apply to join us. We are TRIO Electric, and we have been around since 2003 as one of the top electrical design and construction firms in Texas.

We are building our Business Intelligence team to apply technology and predictive analytics to help our team with smarter, timelier, and more accurate decisions. Our goal at TRIO Electric is simplewe are committed to transforming the construction industry into a prolific business model.

Still reading? Heres a glimpse of what youll do and what were looking for.

What will you do?
Build Data Collection platforms/systems that turn work done in the field into useful metrics that we can use to make decisions.
Build systems that use AI in conjunction with Machine Learning to give us predictive analytics.
Transform data from the accounting team into models that allow us not only to predict the future and adjust accordingly.
What do we need to know you can do?
Were looking for smart people who arent afraid of change or taking risks to change the normal. Your role will consist of translating data captured through our systems and processes and converting it into actionable data
Though not a dealbreaker to know everything here, these are preferred, though new skills and ways of thinking are welcome!
PowerBI, SQL, SSRS, Tableau, ERP Experience
Experience managing IT or Accounting Projects from 3 months to 2 years of duration
Bachelors degree in Mathematics, Information Systems, Finance, Accounting, or other relevant academic fields; or equivalent related education and experience.
What will we give you?
A compelling cause to join
An amazing innovating team experience!
Challenge & Opportunity
Growthprofessional and personal
Money
Benefits
The TruthHonestly, we are not an easy place to work. For us to be the best, we need to hire and retain the best, so our hiring practice to our advancement processes works accordingly. Work hard, make more money, grow faster.
Are you extraordinary and ready to change your life? Apply today.

Powered by JazzHR
