Job Title
MACHINERY ENGINEER

09-Jul-2020

Req No.
29174BR

Job Description and Qualifications
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., a Fortune 500 manufacturer of industrial gases, has an immediate opening for a Process Gases Machinery Engineer at our Corporate Headquarters in Allentown, Pennsylvania, or at our Houston Office.

This position will lead and perform machinery equipment selection, estimating and design work including:
➢ preparing rotating equipment package specifications
➢ clarifying vendor proposals
➢ developing technical bid evaluations
➢ performing order kick off meetings
➢ creating technical requisition purchase packages
➢ executing equipment design reviews

for Air Products Process Gases projects globally.

This position requires a degreed engineer with a minimum of 10 years’ experience in the design and application process gas compressors, steam and gas turbines, process pumps, fans and blowers, cooling towers, API 610 pumps, etc. The individual shall be capable of reviewing a vendor’s technical documents to ensure their accuracy and completeness. He/she is also expected to have excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as proven teamwork skills.

Principal Accountabilities:
Work with the proposal team (including third party engineering firms) to provide large machinery equipment and process equipment packages such as centrifugal/ reciprocating/screw compressors, steam/gas turbines (mechanical and generator drive), pumps, cooling towers, water treatment systems, oil removal systems, condensers, silencers etc., in project BED/FEED phases.
Prepare engineering specifications, data sheets, and inspection and testing plans for required equipment. Review suppliers’ proposals and develop technical evaluations.
Review and approve suppliers’ design calculations, fabrication drawings, and quality control documents. Witness testing and pre-ship inspection of critical equipment in the suppliers manufacturing facilities.
Participate in plant operability reviews and hazard reviews as applicable to the rotating equipment.
Support the construction team during installation of equipment. Perform site inspections as needed to ensure installation in accordance with Air Products and suppliers’ requirements.
Build good relationships and communicate with global machinery community leads to share the best practice and technology. Participating the global meetings and conferences.
Support process as product line proposal development by providing machinery equipment cost and man hour estimation.
Travel approximately 25%, including international travel is required.
Qualifications and Requirements:
BS Degree in Rotating Machinery, Mechanical Engineering or Chemical/Mechanical Engineering with a minimum 5-10 years working experience on centrifugal/ reciprocating/screw compressors, blowers, steam/gas turbines, pumps, silencers, cooling towers, air- or water-cooled. in Industrial Gases, Oil & Gas, or Petro Chemical Industry.
Must be fully conversant condensers etc. with internationally recognized codes API, ASME, TEMA, IEC, etc. Familiarity with the requirements of local China codes is a plus.
Good knowledge and experience in inspection of rotating machinery fabrication and performance testing procedures and evaluation.
Leadership skills, with good communication, teamwork and influencing skills.
Must be able to read and write fluently in English and possess an acceptable level of English speaking to be able to interact with people from US, Europe and Asia.
To learn more, visit About Air Products.

Air Products offers a comprehensive benefits package including paid holidays/vacation, affordable medical, dental, life insurance and retirement plans.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) You will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

Employment Type
North America - Exempt

Employment Status
Full Time

Type of Relocation Benefits Provided
Domestic

Location
US-PA-Allentown, US-TX-Houston

Country
United States

Region
North America

Organization
Global Engrg Mfg Technology & Equipment

Business Sector / Division
Global Engineering
