You will be responsible for designing customer success experiences for multiple proof of concept products. In this role, you will synthesize customer and stakeholder ideas and feedback to design the right mix of success offerings and services that lead to customer adoption of Ronin technology.

To be successful, you will need to have a passion for creating amazing user experiences and creating from the ground up.
What You Will Do:
Concurrently develop multiple products/projects with other innovation team members and contractors
Advocate for and document expected customer experiences
Provide project management for the design and implementation of success offerings to help drive product adoption and expansion
Enhance customer experiences by establishing and maintaining cross-functional relationships and leading ongoing alignment for portfolio offerings
Analyze stakeholder and customer feedback along with market data to inform offering development and adoption
What We're Looking For:
You understand the value of collaboration – you’re able to work with a variety of different stakeholders to create alignment and execute around common goals
You have a customer mindset – you can easily put yourself in the customer’s shoes and represent their point of view back to other team members
You crave creative challenges – you see problems as opportunities to solve.
You are naturally curious and are constantly pushing to understand the “why”You get stuff done – you know when it is time to turn from ideation to execution, and you do it flawlessly and with enthusiasm
You bring data to the debate – you are comfortable with gray but know a data-backed perspective will lead to better recommendations and decision making
Your Experience Includes:
Fluent in C# .Net Core, Python, Node, or Rails
Experience with React.
5 Years relevant work experience, especially in a Services or Offering Design function
Offering Strategy and/or Product Management experience
Entrepreneur at heart
Experience working effectively with virtual teams
Strategic thinker with demonstrated creative problem-solving skills
Project Rōnin is filling one of the greatest gaps in patient care to date. Our mission is to increase the length and quality of every persons’ life who has been affected by cancer.

This year alone there will be nearly 1.8 million new cancer diagnoses, and the tools oncologists are using haven’t been updated in 20 years. With our platform, communication between patients and their doctors is optimized through an individual care platform that is already having an immediate impact.

Want to learn more?
Our Perks and Benefits
Linkedin
Medium

Avoid the confidence gap. If some of the above describes you, we’d love to chat and see where your skills can add to our team.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.
