Company Summary

Crown Castle works around the country to build and maintain the infrastructure behind the world’s most revolutionary technologies. Crown Castle owns, operates and leases more than 40,000 cell towers and over 80,000 route miles of fiber supporting small cells and fiber solutions across every major US market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service– bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them. Crown Castle is an S&P 500 company and one of the largest Real Estate Investment Trusts in the United States with an enterprise value of more than $80 billion.

Position Title: Business Intelligence Engineer - 6E

Position Summary

The business intelligence engineer translates business questions into analytics solutions that provide actionable insights to the end user through the use of data exploration, data visualization, and real-time reporting. Collaborates with business and digital transformation teams to gather requirements to create reporting and analytical solutions that drive improvement in key business metrics, customer experience, and business results.

Essential Job Functions
Plan, direct and analyze business questions to be solved or data products/services to be developed– translate business problems into data and analytics solutions
Gather, analyze, and create work products documenting global requirementsfrom the business to drive sales analytics products in partnership with digital transformation
Interact and develop strong relationships with business users and peer technical teams in the sales and digital transformation organizations
Work with multiple work streams, implementation partners, integration teams, engineering teams, and business organizations to ensure cohesive and cross functional impacts are considered and mitigated.
Explore/analyze/interpret new and existing data sources data to communicate insights and metrics with key business partners
Explore/analyze/interpret trends and identify outliers indicating areas needing improvement
Collaborate with data engineering/data science teams to design data products to answer business questions
Evaluate data and systems changes to ensure data quality/integrity
Develop solutions when data quality/integrity is compromised/unsatisfactory
Develop quantitative metrics for monitoring data quality
Identify data anomalies, quantify their impact, conduct root cause analysis, and design strategies to mitigate/resolve
Required skills and abilities
Experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL)
Experience in CLI Scripting languages (e.g. Python, R, etc..)
Experience with Microsoft Power Platform (e.g. Power BI, PowerApps, Common Data Service, Power Automate fka Flow)
Proficient with Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI or related
Superb data story telling skills; high business acumen and ability to turn data analysis into actionable insights
Ability to influence and communicate cross-functionally to multiple levels
Comfortable with fast-paced environments and rapidly changing priorities
Ability to problem solve to determine root causes of anomalies
Strong communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to manage several enterprise projects and internal initiative deadlines simultaneously
Ability to work independently, great attention to detail.
Education/Certifications
BS in MIS, CS, Statistics, Business, Finance, or other quantitative discipline
MS or MBA preferred
#LI-KG1
