The VP Data and Analytics is responsible for the continued implementation of TEAM’s data management and analytics solutions for the organization and our clients. This leadership role works cross-functionally within senior management to leverage the use of data in pursuit of client objectives while delivering operational excellence – while remaining hands on ensuring close coordination with software development, product management, and business development functions. This is a client facing, problem solving, data modeling, while looking at next generation tools to further the function dream job. The candidate’s ability to communicate effectively between the client, offshore teams, and onshore teams will be critical for success.

Responsibilities
Manage and lead data engineering resources encompassing multiple functions (database application development, data warehousing, BI reporting, operational data management, database administration) in an Agile environment and work cross-functionally in the design and implementation of database solutions that are aligned with company and client strategies to achieve business goals.
Establish a unified data architecture in support of data science initiatives to extract insights from structured and unstructured data, build and support the data infrastructure for reports and data visualization, and implement a scalable data infrastructure for reporting.
Establish data governance practices for managing various types of data.
Establish and maintain a data warehouse roadmap in support of research, product development, and business development for the organization.
Develop strong working relationships with functions across the organization to identify and vet database engineering priorities based on key business requirements and incorporate them into database engineering plans.
Promote professional development of database engineering staff and play an active role in the talent acquisition process for staffing teams.
Promote a culture of teamwork and collaboration across the organization in support of the mission and vision of the organization.
Requirements

Education:
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field desired, MBA is a plus.
Relevant experience in Oil and Gas Big Data will outweigh education requirements.
Experience:
10+ years of experience managing data engineering teams within the context of data warehouse design and implementation, software application development, data management activities, and data administration
Recent experience using Operational and Analytical Big Data Technologies
Experience and working knowledge with various Business Intelligence reporting tools (e.g., Tableau).
Extensive experience in managing teams responsible for the development and rollout of databases for custom software applications and data warehouse deliverables.
Experience managing and driving major change in an organization.
Experience in budget planning and budget management.
Previous experience as a Data Engineer (came up through the ranks).
Experience working within the oil and gas industry
Competencies:
Working knowledge of Microsoft SQL, ETL, Snowflake, and BI technologies.
Working knowledge of building out data marts, data warehouses, and application development.
Demonstrated ability to retool yourself and your team. This role will pivot to the latest greatest technology as long as its better and faster.
Demonstrated abilities to lead and positively influence teams, develop talent, and lead by example.
Comfortable leading and being a part of a fast growing and changing organization.
Strong critical thinking and analytical abilities.
Strong organizational and problem-solving technical skills.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, teamwork skills, interpersonal skills, and demonstrated ability to communicate at all levels of the organization.
Benefits

Flexible hours, PTOs, Health Insurance.
