Arthur Lawrence is urgently looking for a Platform Engineer for contract role in Houston, TX. Kindly review the job requirements below. Your immediate application will enable us to place you successfully. Must Have Prior experience working on complex cloud-based software projects, web application deployment, and security Strong knowledge of DevOps and CICD best practices High level understanding of Cloud Technologies such as Microservices, AWS, Chef, AWS APIs, AWS CLI, Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka Strong knowledge of Big Data Technologies like Cassandra, Spark Proficient in using technologies like Python, Maven, Ant, CICD pipeline, Jenkins, GIT Hands-on experience working with Databases like SQL Server, DB2, Oracle Nice to Have Certifications in AWS or other relevant technologies Contact Information Talent Advocate Adeen Call 713-300-8544 Email resumearthurlawrence.net Applicants must have valid work authorization in the United States, as visa sponsorship is not available at this time. About Us Arthur Lawrence is a management and technology consulting firm providing enterprise-wide business transformation and business applications implementation services. Our in-depth technical knowledge and broad experience of working with world-class companies enables organizations to leverage our capabilities in developing winning strategies and cost-effective solutions. We are an UN Women Empowerment Principle Signatory and are certified from National Minority Supplier Development Council. Acknowledgements from Industry Peers Winner of Entrepreneur 360 Award (2019) IAOP Award Ranked in top 100 internationally Arthur Lawrence ranked within the Inc 5000 twice in 2016 and 2017 as one of the fastest growing companies of America. Named one of the top ten fastest growing businesses in Houston in 2016. Ranked 25th in the HBJ s Fast 100 Private Companies Award in 2017. Our Seven Pillars We rely on the seven core values that we believe enable us to deliver quality for our consultants and clients Education, Integrity, Value Creation, Collaboration, Best Client, Best People and Stewardship Through strict adherence to these core values we have achieved success beyond all documented forecasts and anticipation. For more information, visit www.arthurlawrence.net
