As an experienced DevOps Developer/Engineer professional, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your hands-on knowledge in system design, application development, testing, and operational stability will help your team deliver high-quality products. You'll be instrumental in solving more difficult technical issues, developing integration elements, managing large datasets, building data models, optimizing SQL instances, APIs, 3rd Party integrations, and open 3rd-party SDKs. You'll see your ideas come to life as part of a small, success-driven team. Your quest to embracing leading-edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Provide technical expertise throughout the software lifecycle including design, implementation and delivery
Understanding of cloud, virtualization, APIs, and modern software languages
Software development experience in one or more general-purpose programming languages: C#, SQL Server, AngularJS, Angular, Javascript, jQuery
Experience with developing frameworks that help increase developer and release velocity, improving code health and technical standards
Advanced experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, database, dockers, kubernetes, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, large-scale software development, security software development
Understanding or have experience with Agile and Lean philosophies
Strong critical-thinking and problem-solving skills with clear communication
Ability to collaborate with different roles to achieve common goals
FINBOA offers innovative process automation solutions to financial institutions nationwide. We are a new company headquartered in Houston, Texas and are experiencing steady growth.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our workforce are directly linked to our success. We value a strong work ethic and a desire to continue to learn and improve.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Paid Time Off
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Weekends
COVID-19 considerations:
This position is an in-office position due to compliance and security requirements around our data management. We are very focused on safety and will work to keep environment safe. We also expect the same from employees to adhere to safety guidelines.

Experience:
DevOps: 5 years (Required)
SQL: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Hours per week:
30-39
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
https://www.finboa.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
