You:* are an experienced Linux expert looking to learn more about emerging technologies;* thrive in a challenging and gratifying environment;* are looking for a company that shares your values of team spirit and working with fun people* have an understanding of enterprise data centers and want to be involved in rolling-out cutting-edge storage infrastructures;* want to be a part of the "bigger picture" around solutions delivery.You are one of us: join Scality's team of Customer Solutions Engineers!Follow us on Linkedin, Twitter & Glassdoor to stay up to date on jobs and company news.Duties and Responsibilities:* Help design and implement large-scale storage solutions and data management systems* Integrate high-performance software into modern data centers* Train customers and partners on our products* Provide post-sales professional services to a growing list of data-hungry industry leaders* Assist our sales teams in showcasing proof-of-concepts and qualifying prospects* Assist product management and engineering by providing information from the field and working on tooling and internal projectsMust have:* Ability to hold technical discussions in English* Scripting skills (Python, Perl, Shell)* Deep understanding of Linux operating system platforms (particularly RedHat)* BS or MS degree in a technical field, or equivalent experience* Understanding of distributed systems* Ability to create high-quality technical and business documentation* Ability to communicate complex solutions to management* Excellent time-management skills* Must be adaptable and able to work with minimum supervisionNice to have, but not required:* Spanish proficiency is a major plus* Experience with container systems (docker, containerd) and Kubernetes* Expertise with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP)* Experience with conventional storage (SAN infrastructure, NAS devices, etc)Scality CSEs are at the center of the company. This is a technically challenging and often travel-heavy role. It's also a load of fun.About Us:Scality builds the most powerful storage tools to make data easy to protect, search and manage anytime, on any cloud. We give customers the freedom and control necessary to be competitive in a data driven economy. Recognized as a leader in distributed file and object storage by Gartner and IDC, we help our customers to be ready for the challenges of the fourth industrial revolution.It isn't every company that seeks to disrupt its domain of business, but that is what we aim for at Scality. We are changing the storage industry to make unlimited, affordable storage accessible to everyone. This takes exceptional technology, along with exceptional people. And that is where you come in.We are seeking talented individuals who thrive on innovating, thinking big, focusing in, teaming up and doing all of this very, very well. If this sounds like you, then you are our kind of contributor. We will go the extra mile to find and hire you, enhance your skills and talents, and ensure that you succeed here.In addition to building exceptional technology that is used by more than 500 million people, life at Scality is exhilarating. We offer careers with an opportunity to bridge international borders, an intensely fun environment with smart people, and offices in some of the most attractive cities around the world. Scality cares for and promotes its employees through company-supported training and development, a sports and wellness program, a "social responsibility" program and a generous benefits package. We also encourage events such as an all-night hackathon to reinforce creativity and innovation. Our staff enjoys regular get-togethers for life celebrations, film club, bowling, games, lunches, and parties.
