Job Description
WE ARE SEEKING software developers and embedded engineers at all experience levels. At Sparx you will work with clients on projects involving everything from embedded microcontrollers, to media and image processing, to Bluetooth and TCP communications, to server-side database, web, and mobile app development. You will use a variety of languages from C to VHDL to Scala to C# .NET to Objective-C, often switching between them on a daily basis. As such, you should have a proven track record of being able to pick up new languages and technologies, be multi-faceted in your skillset and interests, and preferably have some history of "tinkering" in your spare time.

We operate across many fields such as oil and gas, medical, robotics, industrial automation and consumer products. You will be exposed to many types of technology and have the opportunity to hone your current expertise and learn skills both within and outside of the software engineering spectrum, such as electronics and advanced data analysis.

You will be working in small teams with other highly skilled engineers and developers to create products and software services from most every industry. Expect to be constantly challenged as part of an organization that strives to push the technological envelope in delivering innovative solutions to customer problems.

Sparx is a casual and highly collaborative work environment. Our relatively small team helps us utilize the best of each player on different projects.

QUALIFICATIONS

Unless you can prove that you are a phenomenal developer through extensive work history, a minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Engineering or similar is required.

Experience in the following areas is also preferred:
Dedication to proper source control methods
Strong problem solving and communication (verbal and written) skills
Excellent mathematics skills
Experience in testing and troubleshooting
Experience interfacing with internal/external customers and vendors
At Sparx, we move quickly and work on a wide variety of projects. Our engineers are challenged daily and must be able to adapt. Given the diversity of our projects, we are more concerned with your work ethic and your fit than your experience in any specific technology. You will be dealing directly with clients, on the front line, to help them meet their needs in an efficient and predictable manner. You are not the type to sit on the sidelines waiting for someone to tell you what to do next.

We seek problem solvers, not problem finders, and we hold our engineers to a high standard of productivity. There are no "weak links" at Sparx. You will be surrounded by high performers and every member of our team is able to trust each other to get their job done effectively.
Company Description
Sparx is an incredible group of innovative engineers, scientists, and developers. We offer very competitive benefits - strong salaries, 401k matching, medical insurance, and flexible work hours. However, none of that can compare to the awesome experience it is to work on new and challenging projects (that actually ship!) with other innovative and creative peers. For more about the Sparx story and what we do, visit our website: http://www.sparxeng.com
