Overview


Our long-term client relationship with Boeing Corporation has led to a need for a Software Engineer on the Boeing Engineering and Technical Services (BETS-SWS) contract located in Houston, TX.

BETS-SWS provides support to Boeing’s Houston-based International Space Station (ISS), CST-100, and other site programs under the suite of Boeing Engineering & Technical Services Support (BETS) contracts. The BETS-SWS team designs, develops, tests and certifies avionic and simulation software and hardware; and maintains flight-equivalent labs for development, simulation and test of flight and ground software.

Barrios Technology Ltd. is a woman-owned and operated small business headquartered in Houston, Texas. We provide a full spectrum of engineering, operations and related technology services in support of the aerospace community and have successfully supported NASA for 40 years. Barrios Technology is the prime contractor for the Mission and Program Integration (MAPI) contract and Research, Engineering, Mission Integration Services (REMIS) contracts along with subcontractor support to multiple prime contractors as listed below. Barrios employees have the opportunity to contribute to the US Space Program through work on the International Space Station (ISS), Orion, Space Launch System and Exploration programs. Our primary locations are at NASA’s Johnson Space Center (JSC) in Houston, TX and the Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC) in Huntsville, AL. We also support commercial space programs and provide systems engineering services to the oil and gas industry. Our customers include:
Boeing on the Boeing Engineering and Technical Services (BETS) contract at JSC and MSFC
Jacobs Technology on the JSC Engineering and Technical Services (JETS) contract at JSC
COLSA Corporation on the Huntsville Operations Support Center (HOSC) contract at MSFC
Rothe Development, Inc. on the Joint Operations, Integrated Systems Technology (JOIST) Contract at JSC
Sierra Nevada Corporation (SNC) Commercial Resupply Services 2 (CRS2) contract in Colorado and Houston
Leidos Innovations on the Cargo Mission Contract (CMC)3 at JSC
Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems (formerly Orbital ATK) on the CRS2 contract in Houston, TX and Virginia
British Petroleum (BP) in Houston, TX
Stinger Ghaffarian Technologies, Inc.(SGT) / KBRwyle on the Mission Systems Operations (MSOC) contract at JSC
Stinger Ghaffarian Technologies, Inc. (SGT)/ KBRwyle on the Integrated Mission Operations Contract II (IMOC II) contract at JSC
KBRwyle on the Fully Integrated Lifecycle Mission Support Services (FILMSS) contract at Ames Research Center
Responsibilities


The Software Engineer will:
Develop innovative solutions to complex problems. Design, develop, implement, and test software for the International Space Station (ISS) software group.
Assist with the development and documentation of software requirements for test support equipment and system integration lab components.
Design computer platforms and associated software architectures.
Select, analyze and test software development tools and integrated infrastructure components.
Implement individual code modules and integrate into complex software systems.
Assist in monitoring suppliers' performance to ensure compliance with requirements.
Support resolution of software and hardware integration issues and product anomalies.
Research basic technologies for potential application to company business needs.
Perform analysis and design of programming systems, problem oriented languages, management systems, scientific systems, and other related areas of computational project.
Recommend general methods or investigation to be followed in research and development.
Prepare technical and managerial reports, including feasibility and desirability of extensions or modifications to existing software and procedures.
Make decisions, initiate actions, and implements solutions regarding difficult software problems.
Build and deliver major releases.
Work with peers and other departments concerning the maintenance and performance of software systems.
Investigate new technologies.
Interface with contributing team members and several other teams, support ad-hoc troubleshooting and discrepancy resolution and develop solutions to problems including writing dedicated test procedures.
Perform all other assigned duties.
Qualifications


This position is posted at multiple levels. Depending on the candidate’s experience, position requirements and business needs, we reserve the right to consider candidates at any level for which this position has been advertised.

Required Education/Experience/Skills:
BS/BA in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university with an academic software development knowledge or equivalent experience in software development.
-OR-
BS/BA degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university and five (5) years of professional software development experience.
Experience in C#.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability and desire to work in a team environment.
Preferences:
Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, and Electrical Engineering with software focus.
Education or experience in hardware/software integration.
Programming experience/knowledge using C++, C#, Java, etc.
Prior internship experience.
Knowledge of Database Design, Operating Systems, Data Structures, Programming in Java, Programming in C/C/C++, Software Engineering I & II, .NET Implementations (C#), Systems Analysis and Design.
Knowledge of .NET, SQL, CSS/Javascript libraries like jQuery and Bootstrap, HTML, XML, and JSON are a plus.
Experience in a higher level programming language such as C, C++, XML, JavaScript, JQuery, or Java in a Windows environment.
Experience in software/hardware integration and life cycle testing.
SQL Server including Stored Procedures experience a plus.
Experience in software engineering is desired.
Knowledge of SEI CMMI.
Essential Requirements
Must be a U.S. Citizen and successfully complete a U.S. government background investigation.
Applicant selected may be subject to government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Work may involve sitting for extended periods.
May require lifting and carrying up to 25 lb.
Must have sufficient mobility to enter areas of test facilities where necessary.
Generally an office environment, but can involve inside or outside work depending on task.
Standard office equipment (PC, telephone, fax, etc.)
Regular attendance in accordance with established work schedule is critical.
Ability to work outside normal schedule and adjust schedule to meet peak periods and surge requirements when required.
Must be able to work in a team atmosphere.
Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation.
Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others.
This position may require some commuting and traveling to other installations as needed.
Don’t miss out on this great opportunity; for immediate consideration, apply now!
Must be a U.S. Citizen and successfully complete a U.S. government background investigation.
Management has the prerogative to select at any level for which this position has been advertised.
Barrios Technology is an Equal Employment Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.
