Job Description
Our client in Houston, TX is looking for a VP of Data and Analytics who will be responsible for the continued implementation of their data management and analytics solutions for the organization and their clients. This 12 + month leadership role works both within senior management to leverage the use of data in pursuit of their client objectives– while remaining hands on ensuring close coordination with software development, product management, and business development functions. This is a client facing, problem solving, data modeling, while looking at next generation tools to further the function job.

Responsibilities Include:
Manage and lead data engineering resources encompassing multiple functions (database application development, data warehousing, BI reporting, operational data management, database administration) in an Agile environment and work cross-functionally in the design and implementation of database solutions that are aligned with company and client strategies to achieve business goals.
Establish a unified data architecture in support of data science initiatives to extract insights from structured and unstructured data, build and support the data infrastructure for reports and data visualization, and implement a scalable data infrastructure for reporting.
Establish data governance practices for managing various types of data.
Establish and maintain a data warehouse roadmap in support of research, product development, and business development for the organization.
Develop strong working relationships with functions across the organization to identify and vet database engineering priorities based on key business requirements and incorporate them into database engineering plans.
Promote professional development of database engineering staff and play an active role in the talent acquisition process for staffing teams.
Required Skills:
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field desired, MBA is a plus.
Relevant experience in Oil and Gas Big Data will outweigh education requirements.
10+ years of experience managing data engineering teams within the context of data warehouse design and implementation, software application development, data management activities, and data administration
Recent (must be recent) experience using Operational and Analytical Big Data Technologies
Must have recent hands on technical experience.
Experience and working knowledge with various Business Intelligence reporting tools (e.g., Tableau).
Working knowledge of Microsoft SQL, ETL, Snowflake, and BI technologies.
Working knowledge of building out data marts, data warehouses, and application development.
Extensive experience in managing teams responsible for the development and rollout of databases for custom software applications and data warehouse deliverables.
Experience managing and driving major change in an organization.
Experience in budget planning and budget management.
Previous experience as a Data Engineer (this person needs to have come up through the ranks).
Benefits are offered for this position!

Find out why now is a great time to join the iSphere Team of Consultants!

Be Seen First With iSphere! ZIP
Company Description
Find all our positions at www.iSphere.net

iSphere is a Texas-based IT services firm that partners with clients to provide the necessary resources to meet critical IT and business goals. We started over 10 years ago on a foundation of trust and have built our client relationships directly with the hiring managers. iSphere is committed in satisfying their clients with the best possible candidates and just as important we want to satisfy our engaged consultants with the respect and care they deserve.

The reason why iSphere is successful is because we help the strongest candidates make their step to a successful career sooner.

WHAT IS THE NEXT STEP IN YOUR CAREER???

If you are looking to advance your career with a notable client, there has been no better time than now to submit your resume and connect to iSphere!

Stay up to date with iSphere at our LinkedIn group at www.isphere.net/linkedin

Do you know someone who you can recommend to do this job?
