About Hazelcast

Hazelcast provides an in-memory computing platform that empowers Global 2000 enterprises to deliver innovative, low-latency, data-centric applications. Built for ultra-fast processing at an extreme scale, the platform can be deployed on-premise or consumed as a Cloud Service. Our cloud-native in-memory data grid and event stream processing technologies are trusted by leading companies such as J.P. Morgan Chase, Charter Communications, Ellie Mae, UBS, and National Australia Bank to accelerate business-critical applications.

We're far from the typical Silicon Valley start-up story. Even though we're headquartered in San Mateo, CA, our origins trace back to Turkey, where a majority of our engineering team resides. Nowadays, we've become a highly distributed global family of 120+ employees. We are supported by a global cast of VC's across the U.S., U.K., and Europe.

Background to the Role

Hazelcast has an established global finance and sales operations function with experienced leadership based in San Mateo, CA, and support staff and professional advisors based in Turkey and the U.K. to provide local data processing and jurisdiction expertise outside of the U.S.

We are seeking a U.S.-based Sr. Business Data Analyst to complement the existing FP&A skills within the Finance & Sales Ops Function. The position will report to the COO/CFO based in San Mateo. This is a replacement hire to both fit into the existing role and responsibilities, as well as to be part of a broader team whose responsibilities are increasing as the Company is anticipating continued growth.

Overview of the Finance & Sales Ops Function

The Finance & Sales Ops function supports an international business of both direct and channel selling, with employees and channel partners spread across many countries. In addition to internationally located support staff and professional service providers, Hazelcast has deployed a range of Cloud app solutions to ensure the production of accurate and timely sales, operation, and accounting/management information.

The COVID-19 related work-from-home requirements have not impeded the teams' operation. In fact, the past investment in Cloud apps and the Company's distributed work culture is firmly supporting this 'new normal' operational mode. Both the day to day operations, and weekly/monthly reporting cycles of the business, are therefore operating smoothly. We are looking for someone to pick up the ball and help the organization move to the next level of business analysis and insight.

Location is, therefore, not an issue as all responsibilities can be performed remotely, and there will be no firm requirement to visit an office. However, when Shelter-In-Place regulations are lifted, and if office visits are viewed as desirable, the HQ office location is in San Mateo, CA.

What We're Seeking

We are seeking a strong Sr. Business Data Analyst to help us better understand our metrics through rigorous business analysis and insights. Hazelcast's business is both growing in scale as well as expanding its horizons through, for example, new strategic channel partner relationships, products, and services. This role provides a unique opportunity and timing to join a company to analyze new business-critical challenges and opportunities and present data-driven recommendations and insights to the management team. Not only will this role provide exposure to multiple business functions, such as Product Marketing, Cloud Operations, Sales Operations, Marketing, and Financial Planning, but also top executives, including the CEO.

Previous experience(s) in an early-stage software company environment will be important for the candidate, as not everything has yet been built. Data is often messy or incomplete. This role is just as much about doing the difficult work to design the core processes, as it is in getting reliable analytics results. It, therefore, is an opportunity to shape and drive a meaningful impact on the business by helping develop how we approach analytics at the Company.

Are you the type of person who feels they could solve any problem if they just had the right data? Are you someone who can spot the hidden trends in metrics and come up with compelling arguments to explain them? Then this role is for you, responsible for delivering both regular and ad-hoc analysis with actionable insights and translating stakeholders' priorities into dashboards.

Your Impact & Expected Outcomes:
Independently find and deliver analytics insights and forecasts in areas of business operations to drive high stakes business decisions
Develop an understanding for KPIs and analysis of our end-to-end funnel
Own analytics and be the go-to person for data-driven decision making
Facilitate cross-functional partnering in solving business problems and develop strong relationships with the stakeholders
Develop insight and knowledge of trends and factors influencing the business
Present synthesized data-driven analysis and insights to the senior members/ executives
Responsibilities Include:
Understand existing business and financial metrics and seek efficiencies in data gathering techniques and visualization of reporting
Analyze data, and partner with internal team members, to identify opportunities for improvement of metric relevance or expansion of metric breadth
Find improvements in the linkage of performance indicators to evaluate business performance and achievement of team Key Results (from OKRs)
Work with the Finance & Sales Ops team to collaboratively assist in periodic production of budget and forecast financial models
Perform exploratory data analysis to identify trends, patterns, correlations, and insights and provide business recommendations to the leadership team in a simple, clear, and compelling manner
Identify data quality and process improvement opportunities; in particular, finding opportunities to leverage data contained within multiple Systems while ensuring data integrity and consistency across their technological platforms
Identify opportunities for automated monitoring and work with Sales Ops team and ensuring that automated reports and metrics are accurate and delivered in a timely manner
Collaborate with key stakeholders such as Sales, Marketing, Sales Operations, Product/Engineers to build self-service reports and establish automated processes for large scale data analyses as well as ad-hoc reporting
Build, manage, and automate key business metrics into dashboards and scorecards that tell a story
Develop analytics to enable marketing-sales funnel and campaign ROI
Establish benchmarks for growth & expansion across multiple marketing channels, including paid search/social, email marketing, events, web, etc.
Required Skills and Experience:
Bachelor's degree in either Math, Accounting, Finance, Statistics, Business, or a related field. MBA or Masters in Analytics would be a plus
4+ years of experience in an analytics, sales ops, or finance, in a software company
Self-starter, fast learner with a problem-solving attitude, and strong collaborator: there is no job too big or too small if it contributes to the Mission and makes our business better
Ability to distill complex data into easy to understand analysis with actionable conclusions and recommendations
Strong data mining skills, extended Excel skills, experience with data visualization tools, and use of PPT and GSuite apps. Experience of Adaptive Insights a plus
Experience in gathering requirements and formulating business metrics for reporting
Understanding of data modeling concepts
Extremely detail-oriented and organized; highly quantitative and creative, passionate about using data to guide strategy
Ability to communicate data, at a level appropriate for the audience
Thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment!
The ideal candidate will bring a strong business mindset for approaching problems in a quantitative way and will have the technical skills for data extraction and manipulation. This is the perfect opportunity for someone with 4+ years of experience to gain rapid professional and personal development, gain executive exposure, and drive decisions at a high-growth company. High-level prioritization of effort and time will be guided by the COO/CFO. Still, within that, the individual will be expected to be a self-starter and manage their time accordingly.

Compensation & Benefits:
Friendly, team-oriented, diverse international culture
Remote/flexible working
Awesome equipment of choice!
Competitive market salary
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Stock option plan participation
