Job Description
Have you ever been online trying to pay a bill, and thought to yourself: ‘why are you making it so hard for me to give you my money?’ That’s the problem we solve for mid-market organizations across multiple verticals—primarily utilities, local government, insurance, and consumer finance organizations.

Invoice Cloud’s SaaS customer engagement, e-billing, and payment platform helps accelerate collections, improve security, reduce costs, and enhance the customer experience.

Invoice Cloud is seeking an experienced ASP.NET / VB.NET / C# / Web Developer / Web Designer to join our rapidly growing team in Brownsville, TX. This role will work remotely from home. Candidate will use Microsoft Visual Studio, ASP.NET, Visual Basic / C#, and client side technologies to work on a wide ranging set of projects, mainly focused on user-facing products and features.

What You'll Do:
Modify and maintain existing user-facing products and features, ranging from low level background processes to high level user interfaces
Develop and assist in development of new user-facing features using internal and third party tools
Develop and assist in development of new and pre-existing internal user systems using internal and third party tools
Participate in design and strategy meetings centered around user experience related products and features
Provide technical support for user-facing products and features
Other duties and tasks as prescribed by management
What We Seek:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience required.
2+ years’ experience using Microsoft technologies, including, but not limited to:
ASP.NET (WebForms, WebAPI, MVC, SignalR, ASMX Web Services)

VB.NET

C#

Visual Studio (Web, Console, and Library projects)

.NET Framework

ADO.NET

WPF

WinForms

T-SQL

Team Foundation Server / VSTS

2+ years' experience using web technologies, including, but not limited to:

HTML

CSS

Javascript

JQuery

AngularJS

AJAX

REST APIs
Excellent testing and debugging skills
Experience with Azure-related technologies is a PLUS
Experience with New Relic is a PLUS
Payment processing development experience is a PLUS
Experience in coding design patterns is a PLUS
Knowledge of OWASP coding practices
Strong understanding of the software development life cycle
Strong understanding of complex concepts related to computer architecture, data structures and programming practices
Self-starter with a demonstrated ability to achieve results as part of an effective team, and ability to effectively prioritize and multi-task under deadlines.
Invoice Cloud is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Invoice Cloud provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

About Invoice Cloud:

Our mission is to bring the Fortune 100 e-payment experience to organizations who don’t have the time/energy/resources to build it themselves. The platform has been designed in a way that consistently yields more online payments and paperless enrollments -- driving the positive business outcomes our clients want. Invoice Cloud’s 25% YoY ‘same store sales growth’ is a testament to how effective the service is.

Invoice Cloud was #902 on the 2018 Inc 5000 list, with a 3-year growth of 550% and named the 3rd fastest growing company in Boston by the Boston Business Journal.

To all recruitment agencies: Invoice Cloud does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our job’s alias, employees or any other organization location. Invoice Cloud is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Company Description
Invoice Cloud, Inc. is the 4th fastest growing company in Massachusetts according to the Boston Business Journal, and #902 on the 2018 Inc. 5000 list of high growth companies in the U.S. We provide simple and secure SaaS based customer communications, e-billing, integrated e-payments, and software systems. The Invoice Cloud service enables our clients to offer an innovative solution that will reduce costs, improve efficiency, and help the environment. By partnering with Invoice Cloud, companies will provide an industry leading solution while enhancing the customer experience, increasing adoption, and reducing costs.

Invoice Cloud is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Invoice Cloud provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
