Infrastructure Engineering - Infrastructure Engineer ndash Advanced Primary skills ndash WebSphere Application Server (not WebSphere MQ), Weblogic Application Server, Tomcat, Apache Other skills ndash Unix, Unix scripting, Java, Python programming, Ansible Activity Will help migrate applications in Weblogic Application Servers to either WebSphere Application serversTomcat. Also help migrate applications using WebSphere Application serversTomcat to new Data center. The activities are fairly well automated with Python, Ansible and should have the ability work with the automation Role Requirements Proficient in the following 247 Customer Support and Service Delivery Model Performance Metrics and Reporting Technical Problem Resolution Business Applications Knowledge Business ContinuityResiliency KnowledgeIT Risk Management Change Management Corporate IT Audit Process Customer Service Foundation Architecture Knowledge Infrastructure Product Knowledge MS Project, Visio Operations Systems and Data Sources Knowledge Vendor Management AssetInventory Management Technical Systems Operations Management Required SkillsExperience Develop, test and debug automated tasks (Apps, Systems, Infrastructure) Troubleshoot priority incidents, facilitate blameless post-mortems Work as a bridge between Middleware Feature and Operation teams throughout the software and platform life cycle ensuring sustainable software releases. Perform analytics on previous incidents and usage patterns to better predict issues and take proactive actions. Build and drive adoption for greater self-healing and resiliency patterns. Lead and participate in performance tests identify bottlenecks, opportunities for optimization, and capacity demands. Participate in the 24x7 support coverage as needed. Participate with GTI Core Web and Middleware Platform Datacenter migrations. Assist with the LOB Application migration running on GTI Core Web and Middleware Platform. Ability to work with automated paverepave platform provisioning as well as day to day operation automation. Understand the interplay of Application and Platforms to provide support with Web and Middleware components.
