This opportunity is with a leading contractor in the mission-critical data center industry. This firm provides modular data center solutions through custom-fit projects to meet the requirements of their client's mission-critical operational facilities. They provide reliable mission-critical facilities for many of the world's largest organizations.

Data Center Power Solutions Engineer- Houston
Data Center / Critical Facility Power System Design a HUGE plus!
The Engineer will be responsible for creating designs and coordination models, providing and gather specifications and executing assignments for electrical systems within a data center. Candidate will be heavily involved in the Sales / PreSales Process. Successful candidate should have experience being in the field.

Responsibilities:
Manage projects, create designs and plans, provided and gather specifications, and execute assignments in a multidisciplinary electrical engineering design role for small to medium sized data center facility design projects.
Assist in Customer Pursuits and Promotion of Data Center Solutions in Power Generation field.
Create Conceptual Designs gathered from meetings with the client for Field Engineer focus
Work with Management to respond to RFPs.
Establish project objectives, policies, procedures and performance standards within boundaries of company policies. Put these in clear concise work statement for the field.
Represent the company in project meetings as needed.
Qualifications:
Extensive AutoCAD Must.
Experience modeling electrical systems / electrical installation drawings.
Experience creating One Line Diagrams
Experience with UPS systems, Generators, Switchgears, and other power distribution units a plus.
Electrical Engineering degree a plus
Electrical Training Certificate or Associates in Electrical a minimum.
Submittal Instructions:
Please send resumes to resume@pkaza.com ( resume at pkaza dot com ) with 13597799 in the subject. After applying, if you have further questions, you may call 973-895-5200 and ask for Iggy. You can also submit via our career portal and take a look at other Critical Facility openings we are working on at, https://www.pkaza.com/jobs/

If you are in Data Center Facilities but this opportunity is not what you are looking for lets still talk. New openings are coming in weekly and others we are not allowed to post. We also not only keep leads confidential but pay for referrals as well.

Company offers competitive salaries and benefits package including medical insurance and a 401(k) plan.

EOE/AA Employer M/F/D/V

Peter Kazella & Associates Inc / Pkaza is a third party employment firm. All fees assessed by Pkaza will be paid by our employer that we represent and not by the candidate.
