I. PURPOSE/FUNCTION (JOB SUMMARY)
The purpose of this position is to provide critical systems engineering skills as NASA continues to evolve systems for exploration missions including Gateway, lunar surface, Mars transit, and Mars surface missions. This position is for leading the systems engineering process for an analytical data system supporting the health and performance of astronauts. This position will support projects as a practicing systems engineer creating development life cycle artifacts and guiding other team members in the creation of systems engineering artifacts. This position will guide and implement systems engineering principles and practices across projects and contribute experience and leadership to the development of an organizational capability for systems engineering, including mentoring, training, and process development. This position will work closely with stakeholders including customers, team leads, and team members, and therefore must possess solid human spaceflight engineering technical knowledge and experience, along with excellent communication skills. This position will participate in, and support leads in guiding, activities throughout the life cycle phases of systems, from early concept development, trade studies, design, integration, testing, verification and validation, operations and through sustainment. This position will support, and help leads to guide, implement, and manage, project team activities including defining system stakeholder needs, decomposing system functions, developing technical requirements, negotiating and capturing system interfaces, performing design analyses, supporting the planning and execution of system verification and validation activities, and supporting system testing and operations. Requires experience with NASA, DoD and/or industry systems engineering and project management processes and practices. Experience in seeking out and successfully obtaining new work is desired. Awareness of spaceflight impacts to human physiology, behavior, and medical state is desired. Other duties will be assigned as required.
II. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Responsible for compliance with Safety, Health, and Environmental plan; must be committed to a high standard of safety and be willing and able to comply with all safety laws and the Company's safety policies/rules. Must be willing to report safety violations and potential safety violations to appropriate supervisory or management personnel.
Responsible for compliance with the Quality Assurance plan, policies and procedures
Must maintain regular and acceptable attendance level as determined by the Company
Responsible for completing all assigned training
Responsible for creating and guiding other team members to create systems engineering artifacts such as Concepts of Operations, requirements, traces, allocations, system architectures and design solutions, trade studies, interface definitions, verification and validation planning and execution
Develop and train Systems Engineers in the use of systems engineering principles, practices and tools
Support systems engineering project planning, control, and estimating
Ability to work within a dynamic team environment
Ability to understand and execute processes and procedures
Ability to participate in system testing
Ability to perform system operations and sustainment activities
Excellent skills in both written and verbal communication
Requirements
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
REQUIRED:
A BS degree in Engineering or in a related field
Ten (10) years of applicable professional experience which has led to increasing levels of technical and leadership responsibilities
Technical, functional, and/or project lead experience in systems engineering or a related technical field
DESIRED:
Previous working experience with NASA or a NASA contractor
Software and data system development experience
MS Degree in engineering
Systems engineering certification and/or formal training
Previous experience with Human Systems Engineering such as human factors and designing for the product end-user
Experience in model-based systems engineering
SKILLS/TRAINING
REQUIRED:
Able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing (MS Office tools)
Able to work in a team environment
Able to develop and clearly communicate information to technical forum
Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills. Ability to lead and motivate personnel to high standards of performance and increase efficiency.
Excellent oral and written communication skills. The ability to communicate effectively with project managers, project leads, customers, and contract colleagues is essential.
Ability to attain and maintain the respect and confidence of the customer and contract personnel. A close, cooperative customer interface is essential.
Mature, professional judgment in establishing objectives, milestones and priorities.
Ability to read engineering drawings.
Previous experience with configuration and data management processes.
Reliable and dependable work habits and the dedication to get the job done.
Ability to translate concepts across multiple disciplines.
DESIRED:
Familiarity with NASA or DoD Work Instructions
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
