The selected candidate for this role will:
Design and implement software for design, development, test, and certification of flight hardware.
Gather and analyze requirements.
Design and develop data acquisition systems for test rigs.
Test and debug software issues.
Coordinate test activities and requirements with NASA test facilities.
Support test setup and execution.
Develop testing and operations documentation.
Coordinate software development with other disciplines.
Participate in multi-disciplinary technical reviews.
Perform other duties as required.

Qualifications - External
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
This position has been posted at multiple levels. Depending on the candidate's experience, requirements and business needs, we reserve the right to consider candidates at any level for which this position has been advertised.
BS degree in engineering from an accredited engineering school and five (5) years of related engineering experience, or a MS degree from an accredited engineering school and four (4) years of related engineering experience, or Ph.D. from an accredited engineering school and zero (0) years of related experience.Experience with data acquisition and
processing.
Experience with NI LabVIEW for system control, system test, data storage and analysis.
Experience with C/C++ coding in a Linux environment.
Experience with scripting languages such as Python.

Requisition Preferences:
Familiarity with NASA/JSC organizations, processes, and procedures.
Prior experience with spaceflight system development.
Experience with system interface requirements.
Experience with common communication protocols (RS232, RS422/485, 1553, USB).
Knowledge of web application frameworks such as ASP.NET.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $105,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
License:
US Citizen (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
