Country:
United States

Cities:
Dallas, Houston

Area of expertise:
Security

Job Description

Avanade Azure Security professionals design, build and protect systems, applications, data, assets and people for our organization and our clients. This involves researching, recommending and implementing solutions to improve information security, as well as educating and communicating security requirements and procedures to clients.

As Azure Security Engineer, you will direct, manage and/or supervise information security activities. You will research, formulate and present a point of view to technical and business stakeholders. Partnering with internal and client servicing teams, you will contribute information security architecture insights and guidance to client solutions. You will identify, prioritize and implement security-related requirements, enabling project teams to deliver secure IT solutions through effective risk management and threat-modeling.

Day-To- Day, You Will:
Act as a subject matter expert in Microsoft security technologies
Implement POCs (Proof of Concepts)
Lead all aspects of the implementation and maintenance of information security activities including access management, vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, infrastructure and regulatory compliance with privacy laws
Perform risk assessments, present recommendations for risk mitigation options and implement accordingly
Analyze business needs and oversee security architecture, administration and policy planning to reduce the risk of a security breach
Act as a subject matter expert, providing mentorship and direction on standard methodologies for the protection of information

About You:

You have experience identifying, providing and validating security requirements of IT solutions, preferably in a consulting environment. You have about six years of IT experience focusing on information security, with around three years leading complex teams of business and technical resources. You should also be able to effectively convey security risks to technical as well as non-technical stakeholders.


Your Technological and Business Skillset Includes:
Methods and identification tools for risks and security threats
Knowledge of information security standards
Expertise implementing security solutions in public cloud IaaS/PaaS
Proficiency implementing security configurations in Office 365
Proficiency implementing security solutions in zero-trust networks
Proficiency in several security technologies including data loss prevention, encryption, cloud access security brokers, identity and access management, micro-segmentation, multi-factor authentication, endpoint protection, SIEM and perimeter defenses
Excellent English written and oral communication skills
Effective advisory services in large-scale technology projects working effectively with clients and Avanade team members across all levels
You should have a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, a related field or equivalent experience. Security certification(s) are required.
Knowledge of information security standards
2+ years public cloud IaaS security experience
Implemented a multi-factor authentication solution
2+ years Azure Active Directory experience
Implemented Splunk or another SIEM
GSEC (or other GIAC certification) or CISSP
Microsoft Azure certification (plus)

Important Note about this Future Opportunity:

We are actively recruiting and interviewing for this ‘Future Opportunity’ position, however will not be extending offers at the present time.

The outbreak and spread of COVID-19 has created uncertainty for many, and during this period Avanade is focused on the personal safety and well-being of our employees and candidates. The good news is that Avanade is a 38,000-person organization that depends on new ways of working every day and we’ve been relying on our workplace experience to empower our employees – wherever they’re working – for 20 years now. Thanks to our workplace platforms – the likes of Office 365, Microsoft Teams, SharePoint and more – we’ve been able to continue delivering work seamlessly and connecting with talent to explore opportunities for tomorrow.

What does that mean for you? It means you can apply and interview virtually, via video, for a future career opportunity without pressure to make a decision. It means that you will have the chance to connect with leaders and hiring managers at your own pace.

We encourage you to speak candidly with your recruiter about your career aspirations and expectations throughout this recruiting process. In return, we are committed to being transparent with you about our intent and goals around this position.

Apply now
