We are always looking to add skilled sales professionals to our team!

Engineered Air is a manufacturer of custom Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning units and has challenging career opportunities for Sales Professionals. We are seeking self-motivated individuals with strong technical, analytical, organizational, interpersonal and communication skills to join our sales team. Challenging and rewarding positions are currently available in many of our Sales Offices throughout Canada. Engineered Air offers a competitive compensation package.

Engineered Air is recognized as a leader in providing extensive employee training. The training program is modified based on experience and ability, could be up to two years in length. This program allows you to rotate throughout our company in a variety of manufacturing and design modules and gives you a broad knowledge of our business. Through ongoing training at our lunch & learns presented by suppliers or our in-house classroom instruction we keep our employees current with the latest technology and developments. Part of your continuous learning and growth we offer tuition assistance for suitable postsecondary courses. The training program will prepare you for a successful career in our Sales Department and is consistent with your interests & aspirations as well as our corporate goals with Engineered Air.

Responsibilities
Will contact customers and promote our products, equipment, and capabilities by preparing detailed recommendations and cost estimates.
Responds to customer requests by staying current in their knowledge of new products and services which creates enthusiasm for our entire product range.
Communicates closely with operations regarding customer service needs.
Receives updated information regarding job performance, execution and past production data.
Provides feedback to the company on customer needs, the competition & technological advancement and other valuable information.
Develops innovative techniques, theories, precepts and engineering practices which will help us to continue to be an industry leader.
Communicate the company’s positive image and objectives externally.
Experience Required
Mechanical or electrical degree/diploma preferred or 2 years of relevant sales or trade experience.
Skills Required
Strong technically, be detail oriented and have the ability multi-task.
Excellent communication, leadership and management skills.
The ability to work in a team environment and have strong people skills.
