Job Title Senior Software Development Engineer in Testing and Lead SDET (2 positions) Start date 21st July Note Please send only strong profiles. Mention whether application is for "Lead SDET" or "Senior SDET" clearly in subject line Need strong profiles. They have to have at least 2 of the following (Netezza, Snowflake, Micro Strategy, Power BI) and strong ETLDW Datalake Need work out of Houston, Tx after covid situation Education and Experience Required Bachelor's Master's Degree in Computer Science or similar area of study. 6-8 years of experience in Test Automation Manual software Testing. Excellent interpretation and articulation, Speed and Accuracy, Attention to Detail, Excellent communication skills. Essential Duties and Responsibilities 4+ years of hands on experience with ETL, data testing, data algorithms testing, data lakes testing, and enterprise analytics and data management testing BI Reporting and Data Warehouse Tools Knowledge 4+ years of hands on experience with data warehouse testing experience using tools like Power BI, Snowflake, Netezza, MicroStrategy Database knowledge Database structures and writing SQL queries and hands on experience with ETL Hands on experience with AWS cloud testing Hands on experience with GIS Application testing Hands on experience with Agile methodology and Agile Tools like Jira and Zephyr Automation witJava Selenium h (Core Java, Selenium Webdriver, TestNG Junit, Maven Jenkins). Identify test requirements from specificationsProduct. Create clear, concise detail oriented test planscases. Assists with the execution of advanced tests per the established plans and scripts, documents problems in an issue log, and retests software corrections to ensure problems are resolved. Ability to focus on deadlines and deliverables ensures the ability to find the defects quickly. Communicate and interact effectively with appropriate stakeholders on problems, changes and enhancement. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required Strong multi-tasking skills, strong technical aptitude and interest in learning and implementing new technologies. Experience with Mobile Testing, APIWeb Service testing using SOAP or REST is a plus. Experience in defect tracking tools like HP ALM. (e-Solutions provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. We especially invite women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities to apply. EEOAAMFVetDisability)
