Data Analyst

Reports to: Chief Operating Officer

Classification: Full-time/Exempt

Start Date: Immediately

Location: Seattle, WA

OPPORTUNITY:

We are seeking a mission-aligned Data Analyst to join the growing team at Rainier Valley Leadership Academy. This role is responsible for the performance, integrity, and security of academic and school-wide data including our school information system, data reporting metrics to authorizing organizations. This person will provide coordination within the school for all users of the system, maintain system configurations and backups, and l provide documentation and training to system users to analyze problems and issues. This person will oversee the submission of accurate student data for Federal and State Reporting.

Our ideal candidate is passionate about data and how it can be used to assist in improving scholar outcomes. This person is hard-working, entrepreneurial, and possesses a strong desire to foster high levels of academic achievement and socioemotional well-being with middle and high school scholars. We are looking for an individual who is enthusiastic about scholars and excited to join a community-centered school driven to dismantle systemic oppression through the unit of the school.

RVLA employees are committed to continuing their own learning and refining their practice to stay current in the field, ensuring a quality education for all. RVLA offers weekly professional development, specialized cross-network professional development days in collaboration with others in the network, regular observations, coaching and feedback, and summer training for all staff. We believe strongly in providing training and support to all staff in order to enable strong teaching and learning in every classroom. Leadership opportunities are also available at RVLA.

To learn more about what it’s like to work at RVLA, please visit: myrvla.org

ABOUT RAINIER VALLEY LEADERSHIP ACADEMY:

Rainier Valley Leadership Academy is a public, tuition-free, charter school, providing an anti-racist collaborative community and rigorous education while providing access to civic leadership and college success for all scholars in Seattle.RVLA will serve grades 6-11 in the Seattle Community. We respect and celebrate the wealth and vitality of the ethnic and cultural traditions that thrive in our neighborhood. Our mission is to put every child on the path to success in college and career, leadership, and life.

We integrate college and career-ready and hands-on instruction to expose all scholars to a variety of authentic experiences. Our teachers use data-driven collection to meet scholar needs and differentiation. We use common planning time and collaborative team time to analyze data to inform instruction. We provide a teacher mentor for every scholar and focus on personalized learning.

RVLA boasts a highly-qualified and diverse faculty and staff that not only have excellent educational credentials but also bring to their classrooms many years of dedication to scholar success and passion for our mission. Our small school community allows adults to know each and every scholar by name, strength, and need. We pride ourselves on building and maintaining close relationships with scholars and families.

Our academic model is based around a college-going culture with high expectations and high support, including acceleration and intervention. Technology and art electives will also be included for all scholars in grades 9-11.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Student Information and Reporting
Manage the student information system to ensure complete student data and resolve errors with submissions to ESD/CEDARS
Track all state reporting deadlines and provide timely communication and guidance to staff on the information needed to meet compliance requirements
Lead monthly enrollment count process and submit apportionment reports (P-223 & P-223H); maintain document retention for audits
Manage account creation, permissions, and security of logins for SIS
Setup and manage student lottery and registration system, SchoolMint, and train staff on document collection required for complete student file
Student Attendance
Oversees daily attendance reporting by creating a system to communicate absences to teachers, parents, and administrators that complies with state law on mandatory student attendance.
Track, report, and monitor key attendance metrics including Chronic Absenteeism, Average Daily Attendance, and Truancy and report data weekly to COO and CEO/Principal.
Data Analysis
Manage, manipulate, and analyze large amounts of data in Excel and databases
Respond to ad hoc requests for data from external stakeholders
Provide reports for tracking compliance on key initiatives (ADA, FRL, etc)
System Management
Learn, master, and maintain a variety of system applications that support both academic and operations
Manage Clever connection between supported applications and SIS
Manage and support all school applications; create user logins, troubleshoot, and provide staff training for new systems
Assist with maintaining school website and social media accounts
Testing
Manage the entire back end testing process, and hold other stakeholders accountable to deadlined and execution
Communicate with testing services, and other outside vendors to obtain data
Technology Support
Act of point of contact to coordinate first-line troubleshooting for student and staff devices; liaise with IT vendor to coordinate trouble tickets
Coordinate, track and monitor hardware repairs needed at the school
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s Degree (strongly preferred)
Experience managing, interpreting and presenting data
Can articulate a clear, compelling vision for strong data management
Excellent collaborative and organizational skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Growth mindset and love of learning
A strong ethical base and self-awareness
A relentless commitment to and high standards for high-quality execution
Passionate with a strong sense of personal responsibility towards achieving ambitious goals
Strong sense of integrity, ethics, and drive to achieve and grow
Humility, sense of humor, and a rock-solid commitment to RVLA's mission and the Southeast Seattle community
Commitment to building programs from beginning to end
Ability to multi-task and function in a high-energy environment
RVLA is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strives for a balanced, productive workforce, which is diverse in terms of age, gender, and cultural identity. We do not base hiring or promotional decisions on factors other than performance and professional growth potential. Please note that we are unable to sponsor H-1B Visa applicants.

COMPENSATION:

Compensation for this role is competitive and based on education and experience. In addition, we offer a comprehensive benefits plan as well as the opportunity to impact a growing, mission-driven organization that is committed to the success of scholars in Seattle.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $45,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Management : 1 year (Preferred)
Education: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
Company's website:
myrvla.org
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/RainierValleyLeadership/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
