Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. As America’s largest independent tire retailer, specializing in tires & wheels, we have over 1,000 store locations and continue to grow every year. Our consistent growth over the last 60 years, the loyalty of our customers and passion of our people makes Discount Tire a great place to work.

We recognize that to remain the industry leader we must continue to grow and evolve our business in a rapidly changing industry. We are achieving this, not only by opening new stores, but by transforming our technological landscape and making data a central component of our strategy. The Business Analytics team, one of the fastest growing teams in the company, is leading this change. We are responsible for driving the insights, recommendations, and developing the decision support tools that influence the strategic direction of the company.

Responsible for the design, build and implementation of cloud-based analytics platform which includes an MPP Enterprise Data Warehouse and other Big Data technologies.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Designs and develops high performance distributed data warehouse, distributed analytic systems and cloud architecture
Develops, launches and maintains efficient and fault tolerant, batch and streaming, data pipelines (ETL/ELT) to populate databases and object stores from multiple disparate data sources
Performs complex data calculations through data integration tools and scripting languages
Designs and implements data quality metrics, standards, guidelines; automates data quality checks / routines as part of data processing frameworks; validates flow of information
Determines Data Warehousing and Big Data infrastructure needs, including but not limited to, automation of system builds, security requirements, performance requirements and logging/monitoring in collaboration with DevOps engineers
Troubleshoots complex data and performance related issues; implements adjustments, documents root cause and corrective measure; transfers knowledge to operations support team
Documents technical specifications and participates with peers in design and code review sessions
Develops complex cross application architectures in collaboration with cross functional teams
Stays current on the latest industry technologies, trends and strategies
Assists employees, vendors or other customers by answering questions related to Data Warehousing and Big Data processes, procedures and services
Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service
Other duties as assigned

Job Requirements


Qualifications:
This position requires a minimum of eight years of progressive database development and integration experience.
Proven understanding of logical and physical data modeling is imperative.
Ability to translate a logical data model into a relational or non-relational solution is necessary.
Understanding of multiple relational (RDMS) and non-relational (NoSQL) data platforms is needed.
Expert level SQL experience is required.
Scripting knowledge with SQL, Python, Java or R is necessary. Proven experience in SQL tuning, indexing, partitioning, data access patterns and scaling strategies is needed.
Proven experience with data integrations and data processing for business intelligence and analytics workloads is required.
Experience with AWS S3 or other distributed object stores, AWS Redshift, Elastic MapReduce a plus.
Hands-on experience in database development using views, SQL scripts and transformations is needed.
Proficient with Microsoft office, including skills with Word and Excel, is necessary.
Experience working with large complex data sets.
Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall is needed. Proven analytical problem solving and decision-making skills is critical.
Demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of the organization is necessary; must be able to clearly articulate technical ideas to a non-technical audience both verbally and in writing.
Ability to work independently and in a team is vital.
Customer service skills including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude is essential.
The ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects to meet various deadlines simultaneously is required.
The ability to work efficiently and accurately under pressure, meet deadlines and present a professional demeanor is essential.
In addition, troubleshooting and organizational skills with a can-do attitude and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential.
Educational Requirements:

This position requires a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related or equivalent experience. Data or cloud related certifications are a plus.

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to
