You’re passionate about a zero-emissions future and want to build something special. You want to own your space but work with talented, like-minded people on important projects. The pace doesn’t scare you; it excites you. Quality and integrity matter to you.

We feel exactly the same way.

Drive Forward. Introduce yourself to us and let’s start a conversation.

We are on the lookout for a Lead Exteriors Engineer to join our Cab engineering team. As the Lead Engineer for Exteriors, you will be an integral part of the Body Exteriors engineering team with responsibility to develop the Exteriors systems definition. The position requires engagement with the overall product plan, certification requirements, financial business case, and attribute targets to understand the high-level system features. The role then manages the systems level engineering to achieve the functions and ensure a system led engineering approach to the design and development is at the core of the Nikola Development Process.

You Will:
Lead systems engineering of Exteriors Systems (cladding, glazing, roof, wipers, mirrors, bumpers, fenders, FEM, lighting) features to ensure an optimized design solution is identified to realize the Exteriors feature set
Engage with all cross-functional engineering teams within the vehicle architecture/platform to design and optimize for the Exteriors systems cost, invest, tooling and mass whilst maintaining the attribute and features as specified
Create and contribute to; DFMEA, DVP&R, TARA and HARA analysis as required for each system-level design
Work with attribute teams, studio engineering, and certification to ensure all features are captured and executed
Engage with critical path timing for respective systems to ensure all activity is aligned with the Nikola Design Process and can support the department responsible for delivery to achieve the component timeline and integration
Coordinate the planning, reporting, tracking and execution of all the Exteriors Systems for the project to ensure on-time delivery of outputs
Ensure cross-functional alignment of the product plan, system part data and BoM structure to ensure accuracy always by working with engineering team
Support the engineering, quality and purchasing teams to interact throughout the program and achieve a common delivery goal
Develop processes and standards supporting the Vehicle Systems team to ensure continuous improvement using tools/standards/design guides where required
You Have:
BS in Mechanical Engineering
8+ years of experience within the trucking/automotive industry (ideally OEM or Tier 1) as a Body Exteriors Design Release Engineer or equivalent
MUST HAVE: Design of automotive component parts in CATIA V5/V6
Deep understanding of Body Exteriors both at component level and at an overall system level. Experience of having led an Exteriors team would be a plus.
Technical experience within DFMEA, DVP&R, ISO26262 and Requirements Capture (ideally using Jama)
Good interpersonal and communication skills with a high level of integrity
Proven knowledge of automotive design and development processes to successfully develop and launch a vehicle into production
Good working knowledge of all aspects of vehicle development covering electrical, mechanical and dynamic systems
Ability to report to senior management and report accurate information in a clear and concise manner
Strong knowledge of supplier processes, manufacturing, and standards
This position is not eligible for OPT or CPT.
