Requisition Number 20-0509Post Date 7/9/2020Title Software Developer Engineer, IT - Enterprise DataDepartment Information TechnologyCity PhoenixState AZPart-Time NoPart-Time Weekend NoDescription At Hawaiian Airlines, we are all about welcoming our guests with Hawaiian hospitality and aloha, and taking care of our people, our home and the communities we serve. Join our 'ohana and be a part of an exciting team of professionals dedicated to serving our kama'aina and introducing our islands to the world!*Position Overview*Software Developer Engineers write and configure code. They generally come from Computer Science or Information Systems backgrounds.The Software Developer Engineer family contains a wide array of individuals and skills so that the breadth of coding languages is encompassed (e.g. C, C#, C++, JAVA, Ruby, Python, etc.). This group creates the software and technical solutions that run the company. They are responsible to understand business requirements, comprehend the technical design for the solution, conceive and write detailed software implementations/code, as well as ensure their solutions adhere to the security, logging, error handling, and performance specifications.More senior Software Developer Engineers have acquired deep technical expertise as well as communication (oral and written), facilitation, and architecture skills. Having this, they are key partners with Business Analysts to consult with the business about technical possibilities and futures. Additionally, they may be required to supervise less experienced software engineers.*Key Responsibilities* * Write, configure and develop software and code-driven solutions for medium complexity business problems according to user specifications * Decompose business requirements and translate them into detailed design specifications and code * detailed design specifications and code * Build solutions that utilize the enterprise monitoring/logging frameworks * Participate and engage with the appropriate matrix areas for the construction and delivery of the solution * Analyze and resolve operational and production problems of medium complexity, including researching and recommending alternative actions for problem resolution and taking timely action * Demonstrate proficient understanding of business processes being supported by assigned system(s) across multiple business customers. * Evaluate and recommend emerging technologies and process or system enhancements for business customers * Assist less senior Developers when performing system and acceptance testing * Test and implement system and enhancements using techniques that preserve system integrity * Document and communicate assigned work and progress to immediate project team, and management in a timely manner. * Support the organization's project management policy, practice and methodology. * Maintain focus on internal and external customer requirements * Serve as a communications liaison between the business customer and the technology development and support groups * Interact with business customers to define, analyze, and deliver customer requirements * Develop cost analysis estimates * Other duties as assignedRequirements *Minimum Requirements* * Bachelor's Degree (in lieu of degree- 6 years of experience in IT or business environment) * 2 years of work experience in Information Technology or business environment * Proficient knowledge of software development practice, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and work experience * Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle process and and prior experience actively participating in it * Proficient knowledge of required programming languages * Proficient knowledge of technical/business environment * Ability, within a specific technology area to independently complete root-cause analysis, design solutions, write code, perform testing, provide documentation, and implement medium size development projects or major components of large projects that carry a moderate risk to the organization * Excellent partnering, communication, and negotiation skills so as to gather business customer requirements and communicate effectively with technology development and support groups * Ability to complete tasks with a moderate amount of direction * Ability to work effectively in a strong customer service/team oriented environment * Ability to review the technical work of less senior Developers*Preffered Qualifications* * B.S./B.A. in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems and/or equivalent formal training or work experience * Implementing RESTful APIs using MuleSoft * Skilled in Informatica PowerCenter * Experience with vCenter Orchestrator * Understanding of the core business processes involved in their area of expertise * Ability to build solutions that do not require programmer intervention to perform standard business maintenance / configuration * Ability to build solutions that are "self-healing" and that require minimal to zero maintenance * Ability to manage projects using the organization's project management methodology * Industry Experience*About Hawaiian Airlines*Hawaiian® has led all U.S. carriers in on-time performance for each of the past 16 years (2004-2019) as reported by the U.S. Department of Transportation. Consumer surveys by/Condé Nast Traveler/,/Travel + Leisure/and/TripAdvisor/have placed Hawaiian among the top of all domestic airlines serving Hawai'i.Now in its 91st year of continuous service, Hawaiian is Hawaii's biggest and longest-serving airline. Hawaiian offers nonstop service to Hawai'i from more U.S. gateway cities (13) than any other airline, along with service from Japan, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, American Samoa and Tahiti. Hawaiian also provides, on average, more than 160 jet flights daily between the Hawaiian Islands, and over 240 daily flights system wide.Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. is a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: HA). Additional information is available atHawaiianAirlines.com. Follow Hawaiian's Twitter updates (@HawaiianAir), become a fan on Facebook (Hawaiian Airlines), and follow us on Instagram (hawaiianairlines). For career postings and updates, follow Hawaiian'sLinkedInpage.For media inquiries, please visit Hawaiian Airlines'online newsroom. * Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. * Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP. * The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
