If you’re bright, highly motivated and want to make a difference in education, then join our trailblazing edtech team! We’re catapulting secondary education into the digital age with our award-winning online curriculum and learning platform.

Privately owned and operated since 2001, StrongMind is stable, profitable and rapidly growing. Our forward-thinking teammates and leaders foster an innovative, creative and collaborative environment where our top priority is making our clients happy.

StrongMind is seeking a dynamic individual to join our innovative team as a Data Engineer with experience in Big Data. We have a vision to transform the way we deliver actionable data insights to our customers. We’re reimagining the typical report writing delivery model and building a brand-new business intelligence and data platform… one which puts the power and flexibility into the hands of our customers to get exactly the data they need, when they need it. We’re looking for talented people to help us make this dream a reality. Working within a team setting, you will lead the effort to organize and deliver diverse amount of data to our customers in a timely manner with actionable insights into their business. A positive consequence of this will be that our product teams will be able to better serve our end-users and customers on a daily basis.

Here’s what to expect:
You will be our go-to person when it comes to Data, whether it’s data manipulation, data warehousing, or engineering
Ability to pitch the right solution when it comes to Data be it a relational databases or non-relational databases
Build magical product experiences. Make the technical& complex, simple and effortless.
Be empowered to contribute to growing StrongMind's technical excellence, culture, and customer delight.
Participate in all aspects of the software life-cycle, including ideation, development, and production support.
Mentor and be mentored, educate and learn, lead, and be led by other engineers in problem solving and solutioning.
Drive improvements to enable your team to deliver quality outcomes that lead to customer success.
Collaborate deeply with a diverse, cross functional team of Engineers, UX, Product, and Operations.
Leverage engineering best practices such as CI/CD, Pairing, and Test-Driven Development to deliver early and often.
Actively engage with the education community to understand product needs.
Apply Lean Startup/Agile approaches to software development
Work in an open space environment (no cube walls)
The Successful Candidate possesses:
BS in a related field, bootcamp, self-taught or equivalent experience
Experience working with both SQL and NoSQL databases, knowing which paradigm works best for different use cases
Demonstrated experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Hadoop, Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka
Ability to use industry standard dimensional modeling techniques to organize data from disparate systems into Data Marts and Warehouses
Experience with both OLTP and OLAP environments
Familiarity with ETL and ELT data transformation best practices
Mastery of Business Intelligence is a must
Experience to a variety of data technologies (Relational, Non-Relational, NoSQL, Data Warehouses, Big Data)
Ability to deliver iterative vertical slices of business value consisting of data visualization, transformation, and persistence.
Data security, e.g., HIPPA or FERPA compliance, experience helpful, but not required
Experience developing in AWS, Azure, or other cloud services
Preference for working within an Agile methodology (i.e. Scrum, Kanban, XP)
Prior knowledge of Snowflake is a bonus
Familiarity with software engineering best practices
Passion for self-driven, continuous learning, both in and out of the office
Leadership qualities and capabilities
Opinionated on technology, in theory, but flexible in practice
Passion for Education is a must; experience in Ed-Tech helpful, but not required
StrongMind’s culture is supportive, lively and fun. We offer great benefits including a competitive salary, health and dental, 401K, an onsite gym, generous PTO, and holidays
