The job is located in Gilbert, AZ.
As an experienced engineer with a background in SaaS sales, you thrive in consulting with customers to help them realize their business objectives leveraging technology. As a participant in all phases of the sales cycle, you work in alignment with Account Executives to demonstrate how solutions using VGS help customers address issues and achieve business goals. You thoroughly understand the capabilities of the VGS solutions and the benefits customers can realize by implementing them into their business.

What you get to do every day:
Interface directly with our customer technical teams, serving as their primary technical point of contact during onboarding
Partner with the Account Management team to understand customer requirements and communicate how VGS can address the requirements
Drive translation of requirements to high-level architecture and code implementation
Create technical content (sample code, demos, etc.) to show customers how to implement specific use cases or best practices
Act as the bridge between the Customer and VGS Engineering teams for all technical conversations
Help improve VGS's products, working with product teams to address customer feedback, or if necessary, getting your hands dirty and build solutions yourself
What you bring to the role:
Minimum of 3 years of production-level software engineering experience in a data, security or SaaS product company
Experienced in web services, APIs, full-stack development
Comfort with code-level debugging with VGS's primary deployment languages - Ruby, Python, JavaScript, or Java
Proven ability to project management work and prioritize across multiple efforts
Strong communication, collaboration, interpersonal, and negotiation skills
Tokenization, payment processing, cryptology, and security product experience highly desired
Benefits and Perks:
Competitive health benefits including medical, dental, & vision insurance
401k plan with company match and immediate vesting
Flexible time off
Pre-tax commuter benefits
11 company paid holidays
Annual employee retreat
At Very Good Security, we value great talent. Striving to provide the best experience for our candidates VGS appreciates your candidacy. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, marital status, physical or mental disability, or other protected classes under all local, state, and federal laws and ordinances.

Very Good Security (VGS) is building a modern approach to data security, compliance, and privacy. VGS completely de-scopes clients from needing to hold sensitive data themselves, while still allowing them to get the full benefit of using & operating on any kind of sensitive data (payments, PII, access credentials, etc.). Beyond simply tokenizing any data type and format, VGS facilitates the secure exchange of data with approved endpoints. Additionally, with VGS, customers can manage how third parties interact with sensitive customer data without worrying about data breaches. Customers get the full use of their data, but they are not required to maintain a secure data environment themselves. (this is analogous to how companies use AWS or Google Cloud to run their business operations without needing to maintain the actual data centers themselves). A major benefit to using VGS is that companies are able to offload liability while fast-tracking compliance certifications, including PCI, SOC2, GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA and more.
