Are you interested in working for the fastest growing beer company in the US? Do you want to be apart of an innovative team in a brand new state-of-the-art brewing facility? If so, Mark Anthony Brewing has the perfect opportunity for you!

Overview:

Provides leadership and is responsible for the programming, troubleshooting, and maintenance of all automation and controls systems in a 24/7 manufacturing facility.

Accountabilities include leading continuous improvement projects, providing engineering enhancements, support operations team and manage C& I technicians.

Core Duties& Responsibilities:
Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot
Engineering design, start-up and operate as a process owner
Lead continuous improvements projects including:
Assessing weaknesses in brewing or packaging processes
Determine various options to improve the process
Provide economic analysis/assessment of current and future process concepts and recommend improvements
Communicate frequently with key stakeholders to meet project goals and deadlines
Train I&C technicians and operations team on equipment use, data collection, and data analysis
Coordinating I&C technicians’ activities as required
Collaborate with operation partners to ensure effective technical transfer from improvement plan to production environments, including documentation of new/updated key process indicators
Foster collaborative and organizational learning
Provide process engineering support for manufacturing operations
Monthly project reviews, management and growth of project pipeline, including the ability to move projects through the development stages and ultimately to completion.
Effective business systems thinker and a good understanding of business process knowledge
Proficient with personal computers and business applications
Position Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or minimum 10-20 applicable experience in industrial process automation (brewery experience a plus), experience with high speed packaging equipment desired
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt
Practical hands-on expertise with F&B processing equipment
Experience in process development and design
Stem-to-stern project experience (i.e., process development, process scale-up, P&ID development, punch lists, commissioning, start-up, operations, etc.)
Personal Characteristics:
Works with a strong sense of urgency.
Strategic thinker with strong problem-solving skills.
Does not need all information to navigate effectively.
Able to succeed in a changing environment.
Humble yet confident, able to put the growth of the company/team/brands first.
Able to intelligently course correct as priorities change.
Listens and is open to feedback.
Demonstrates agility within a dynamic environment.
Demonstrates a hands-on attitude and an attention to detail.
Pays attention to the small details.
Demonstrates a willingness to pitch in wherever needed.
Authentic, respectful, diplomatic, and thoughtful.
Able to navigate through sometimes ambiguous, entrepreneurial, and somewhat unstructured environments.
Working Conditions:
Fast-paced and constantly changing work environment.
Weekend work may be required.
Office
Extreme Temperature Manufacturing Environment
Travel
This position has been identified as a safety sensitive position within the state of Arizona.
