At Nextiva, we don't study industry trends and build our products and services reactively; instead, we look to be the leader in defining the trends, during these unprecedented times.

We strive to be the best of the best across multiple technology channels UCaaS and SaaS to name a few. We are determined to help write the future for businesses around the globe by creating innovative products and an agnostic platform that delivers first-class communications tools in the hands of every business. We are a global team of the fastest-growing, privately held provider of cloud communications.

We are actively looking for an amazing Java Engineer, like you, to join our team!

Technical Requirements:
Object-oriented programming and component-based development
Very strong Java core experience (experience working with Java 1.8+)
Strong experience with Spring (MVC, boot, data, cloud, security), Hibernate
Strong understanding and experience working with relational databases
Strong experience designing and developing high availability REST web services
Experience working with Redis, RabbitMQ
Understanding of JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS
Strong understanding of configuration, deployment and troubleshooting of Tomcat webapps
Experience with Docker / Kubernetes a plus
Experience working with continuous integration tools e.g. Jenkins, Sonar
Strong understanding working with Maven, Git
Familiarity working with UNIX based systems
3+ years of professional software development experience
Other Requirements:
Experience with Agile methodologies
Experience working in a team-based environment
Strong communication skills
Bachelor's degree in computer science or similar
Review, document on and facilitate code reviews
Proficiency building unit tests
Essential Duties and Job Responsibilities:
Working with the architecture and team-mates to design, develop and maintain REST web services
Working with the product team and other stakeholders to develop and maintain customer facing web applications
Collaborating with analysts and QA automation engineers
Mentoring less experienced team members
Staying abreast of the latest technologies and best practices
So, why Nextiva?

Our people do amazing things to help businesses solve their toughest challenges. Really, they do. We simplify the way businesses communicate, creating innovative and affordable solutions for businesses of all sizes. We acquired our first customer in 2008 and today thousands use our tools and platform. Talented team members around the globe embrace Amazing Service this culture of Amazing Service extends to how we treat both our customers and one another. We are passionate about Nextiva's unique culture and are looking for like-minded individuals that share our values and vision.

Nextiva is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
