Location: Phoenix (AZ)
Location: Pittsburgh (PA)

Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mentioned we've been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.

The Zoom Client Application team is looking for an energetic and passionate Software Engineer who will perform client application development for Zoom Meeting, Zoom Webinar, Zoom Chat, and Zoom Phone on Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS and Android. In this role, you will utilize your knowledge of native desktop client application programming to scale these widely-used programs on MacOS.

Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain Zoom Meeting product on MacOS platform.
Design major software components and features.
Work closely with Engineering partners, Product and Project Managers, Product Designers, and DevOps to drive engineering release and deliver success.
Partner with technical support and customer success, while also communicating with customers to troubleshoot product issues and deliver happiness to our users.
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related.
5 years of software development experience.
2 years of experience in MacOS native client development.
Proficient in C++, Xcode, Objective-C and Cocoa Framework.
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Computer Science or related.
Programming experience in audio and video processing on Mac platforms.
Programming experience on iOS platforms.
Experience with specialist domains: real-time collaboration application development, real-time multimedia communication application development, instant messaging application development, SIP application development, third party libraries in C++.
Excellent foundation in computer science, with competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for minimum binary size, maximum performance and large scale.
Good communication skills.
