Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

The Enterprise Functions Technology (EFT) group provides technology solutions and support for Risk, Audit, Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Corporate Properties, and Stakeholder Relations business lines. In addition, EFT provides unique technology solutions and innovation for Wells Fargo Technology, Enterprise Shared Services, and Enterprise Data Management. This combined portfolio of applications and tools are continually engineered to meet the challenges of stability, security, scalability, and speed.

This position will be responsible for the analysis and big data development for critical Operational and Regulatory needs for all of Wells Fargo Commercial Capital supporting the Enterprise Data Lake. Will work with peer groups to transform data into the data lake from ingestion through the access layer for business use in reporting of KPI's, analytics and data models. The ideal candidate will have a passion for data, technology and be an advocate for change as we continue to push the limits on our transformation from a traditional Data Warehouse environment to a Big Data environment.

Required Qualifications
5+ years of application development and implementation experience
Desired Qualifications
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
A BS/BA degree or higher in information technology
1+ year of business intelligence experience
Experience designing and developing data warehouse or analytics applications using Apache Spark
Java experience
Knowledge and understanding of emerging data platforms and analytic tools Hadoop, Aster, and R
Ability to gather business requirements and create technical solutions
Knowledge and understanding of data analysis, modeling, and mapping
Knowledge and understanding of database management, reporting, and analysis functions
Job Expectations
Ability to travel up to 20% of the time
Street Address

AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
