Role .NET Software Engineer Location Phoenix, AZ 85032 Duration Full Time! POSITION OVERVIEW A direct client of Atrilogy Solution's Group in Phoenix, AZ has an exciting opportunity for a .NET Developer. They're looking for someone creative, passionate about web design and development, and that can work well within a team environment. Required 4+ years of .NETC development Previous experience with ASP.NET Web API development (.NET CoreASP .NET Core preferred) In-depth knowledge of RESTful APIs Proficiency with MS SQL Server Integrations experience Nice to Have Proficiency with web-based application security standards such as OAuth2 Solid understanding of web development protocols and security (e.g., HTTPS, TLS) Cloud experience (Azure preferred but AWSGoogle Cloud is fine) Azure DevOps experience and ability to create CICD Pipelines Working knowledge of OpenAPI Familiarity with messaging services (Azure Service Bus preferred) Full development lifecycle experience Some knowledge of Usability Factors in Human Computer Interaction. For immediate consideration please submit your resume in Word format, along with daytime contact information. LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY PLEASE unless you are willing to relocate yourself at your own expense. Client is unable to provide H-1B Visa sponsorship at this time. All submittals will be treated confidentially. Selected candidate may be asked to pass a comprehensive background, credit andor drug screening. Principals only, no third parties please. Atrilogy Solutions Group, Inc. (est. 2000), in partnership with Peak17 Consulting (est. 2008), provides organizations of all sizes with high-quality, cost effective information technology (IT) staffing services. Atrilogy has been recognized by Inc. magazine as one of the nation's fastest-growing, privately held companies. Headquartered in Irvine, California, Atrilogy also has offices in Denver, Phoenix, Atlanta with satellite offices in Boston, Jersey City, Las Vegas, and Delhi, India. Clients turn to Atrilogy for expertise in IT staffing and placement such as Project Managers, AgileScrum Masters, Business Analysts, DBAs, Software Engineers, Mobile Developers (iOS, Android), DevOps, Automation, QA, Systems Network Engineers, Cyber Security Information Security Specialists, ERP, CRM, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data and Creative (UIUX, Web Design) Clients turn to Peak17 for expertise in Operational staffing and placement of AccountingFinance, Human Resources, and Marketing professionals, as well as Information Technology resources. Atrilogy Solutions Group and Peak17 Consulting are Equal Opportunity Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Mike Esquivel mesquivelatrilogy.com Office (949) 382-1578 23052-H Alicia Pkwy Suite 620 Mission Viejo, CA 92692
