Sr Big Data Engineer
9322
Phoenix, AZ
10/9/2018

Application Development
Contractor - W2

Job Description
You won’t just shape the world of software.

You’ll shape the world of life, work and play.

Our Software Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers.

This position requires a mix of strategic engineering and design along with hands-on, technical work. We seek a self-starter, visionary person with strong leadership capabilities. Exceptional communication skills, for collaborating across many teams. You will lead teams and deliver best-in-class products in an exciting fast-paced environment with the focus on reliability and automation. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here.

The successful candidate will be highly self-motivated with a passion for quality and automation coupled with an ability to understand complex systems and a desire to constantly make things better. Will you join us in crafting solutions that do not yet exist?

You won’t just keep up, you’ll break new ground.


There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at our Client - leading player in Cards. Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing:
Build & run the platform that delivers services to all of our customers around the world
You will be on a team of Operational Engineering warriors whose mission it is to build and improve Operational/Support Capabilities for our most critical services
Building software and systems to manage/support applications through automation, support and monitoring
Explore and evaluate new technologies and solutions to push our capabilities forward, transform, innovate and continually improving the platform
You will troubleshoot the platform to achieve optimal support performance, stability and availability.
You will support operations and work closely with the development engineers to assist with architectural design, and implementation of complex features
Continuously Improve the platform through automation & building new operational capabilities.
.

Are you up for the challenge?

Overall 5+yrs experience in a large scale *nix environment
5+ yrs experience handling BigData Environment
Software development experience with on or more of: Python, Java or Scala
Experience with relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL
Experience with core Hadoop: HDFS, MapReduce, Yarn
Experience with Streaming Data Platform (Kafka, Storm)
Experience with distributed/NoSQL databases: HBase, MySQL
Solid understanding of *nix systems and networking fundamentals
Experience as a software developer with MapReduce or Spark
Experience with extended Hadoop ecosystem: Hive, Pig
Solid Scripting Skills in languages like Python, Shell
Oncall Experience
Excellent communication skills, written and spoken; troubleshooting skills
Evidence of self-learning and commitment to personal development
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, or equivalent experience\
Continues integration, testing and deployment using Git, Jenkins
At the core of Software Engineering

Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including:
Agile Practices
Porting/Software Configuration
Programming Languages and Frameworks
Business Analysis
Analytical Thinking
Business Product Knowledge

Job Requirements
There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at our Client - leading player in Cards. Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing:
Build & run the platform that delivers services to all of our customers around the world
You will be on a team of Operational Engineering warriors whose mission it is to build and improve Operational/Support Capabilities for our most critical services
Building software and systems to manage/support applications through automation, support and monitoring
Explore and evaluate new technologies and solutions to push our capabilities forward, transform, innovate and continually improving the platform
You will troubleshoot the platform to achieve optimal support performance, stability and availability.
You will support operations and work closely with the development engineers to assist with architectural design, and implementation of complex features
Continuously Improve the platform through automation & building new operational capabilities.
