Who We Are:

Sendoso is where you go to build something bigger than yourself. We’re a Series B company with $54M in venture capital, more than 500 customers and 15,000 active users, and multiple revenue streams. Our company is on an unprecedented growth trajectory and we’re looking for people who want to do great things.

Ranked #1 on software review sites like G2, Sendoso helps companies stand out by giving them meaningful, new ways to engage with their buyers and customers. Our award-winning Sending Platform connects online and offline experiences via cloud software, automation, and real-world logistics—a feat that few companies have achieved.

And we believe that relationships matter, so we’re on a mission to create more human connections in a digital world. If you’re ready to seize tremendous opportunity, take ownership, and do meaningful work that moves the needle, you’re in the right place.

About Your Role:

We're building massively scalable data pipelines, platform intelligence using ML/AI, robust integrations, third-party logistics and workflow automation. With customers like AWS, Google, Capital One, Nasdaq and many many more, we have clear product-market fit. And are growing rapidly. Our ambition doesn't stop there. We are building a platform to source, store, ship and track literally anything you ever need to send.
As Sendoso continues on its rocket ship growth trajectory we expanding our engineering team!

Who You Are:
This is a hands-on role
You spend significant time writing code
You are product focussed and you take pride in building beautiful products
Develop new products and features, improve existing ones
Be a technical leader - champion code quality, new tools & tech; ideate, architect, mentor others; advance our platform
You're a master communicator! You confidently break down tricky problems - both verbally and in writing
You're a leader! You will rapidly grow into a company leader and you will build company culture to help shape our future.
Projects You'll Work On:
You will make a massive impact!
You will define product strategy and translate big ideas into experiences that delight
You will create gorgeous products that surprise + delight users, and drive outcomes for our customers
You will join as a core member of a seasoned, global Eng team
You have a deep understanding of fundamentals - data structures, algorithms, OOP, SQL
You write elegant, well-tested code
You are always learning new things
You take pride in building beautiful products
Experience:
You have 4+ years of professional full stack experience
Preferably with Ruby, Python, Go, React/Javascript stacks
AWS environment
What You'll Love:
Comprehensive Medical Plans plans - we've got you covered
Take-What-You-Need Time Off
Vacation Bonuses 2X/Year
401K Plan
FSA Plan
Volunteer Time Off
Birthday Time Off
Catered Lunch & Breakfasts
Team Outings
Dog-Friendly Offices
Collaborative Office Space
ClassPass Membership Program
Fully-Stocked Kitchen


Sendoso is an equal opportunity employer: we value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
