Are you looking for an opportunity to drive state-of-the-art technology solutions?

Do you want to join a rapidly growing organisation with an industry-leading reputation?

Are you experienced in solution/sales engineering providing presales support to sales and business development teams?

What we’re looking for:
You have previous experience in demonstrating technology solutions in group settings.
You have excellent communication skills with the ability to quickly gain the attention and trust of prospects.
You have proven ability to work independently in high-volume, short-duration opportunity pursuits.
You have a minimum of 2 – 3 years’ Solution/Sales Engineering (or equivalent) experience.
You have previous experience in the construction or engineering industry (or related software sales for the construction industry).
About InEight:

InEight is a leading developer of construction project management software that enables contractors, engineers and owners to overcome their greatest project pain points. InEight’s solutions span every stage of the project life cycle from design to estimate and from field execution to turnover. The solutions give project stakeholders the real-time information and insights needed to minimise risks, improve operational efficiency, control project costs, and make educated decisions easily.

With head office based in Scottsdale, Arizona, InEight is a subsidiary of Kiewit Corporation (Kiewit). Kiewit, through its subsidiaries, is one of North America’s largest and most respected construction and engineering organisations.

This role will be located at InEight’s Australian office located on St. Kilda Road, Southbank, Melbourne.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Understand client requirements by strategising and leading RFPs and/or by leading discovery calls with the client.
Perform web-based and in-person solution walkthroughs to demonstrate how InEight solutions meet client requirements.
Work closely with key internal and external decision-makers to map client requirements to InEight solution capabilities to determine the best solution for the client.
Partner with Delivery Consultants to establish effective implementation activities such as consulting, training, specification write up, client workshops and project management as required to drive the presales process and create winning proposals.
Exectuve client pilots and proof of concepts to conduct deep dives of client requirements and generate complex solution mapping as required.
Build, maintain and enhance demo environment data in conjunction with product release schedules as required.
Serve as a company spokesperson and conduct speaking engagements at industry events in conjunction with marketing teams as required.
Experience & Qualifications:
Previous experience of working in a presales environment, identifying client business and solution outcomes and mapping them to a service, tehcnology or product-based solution.
Prover experience in conducting solution walkthroughts via presentations and/or software demonstrations.
Sound verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to convey complex information and ideas clearly and concisely to individuals and groups.
A solution-oriented mindset with the ability to understand and dissect industry processes and situations to determine appropriate solutions.
Proven business acument with the ability to conduct C-Suite level discussions.
A strong client focus with the ability to build relationships to ensure the delivery of both internal and external needs.
Innovative, driven and excellent attention to detail.
Ability to handle changing environments and help others adapt to change.
Strong problem-solving skills and a willingness to challenge existing processes when needed.
Understanding of the Azure cloud technology stack and the components of web-based applications.
Previous experience in the construction and/or engineering industry in an estimating, project controls, document control or software sales role would be advantageous.
InEight Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, (EOE) and will consider all applications without regard to race, marital status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.

No applications from Employment Agencies at this time.

Applicants must have the legal right to live and work in Australia permanently.
