Job Description
Our Database Engineer performs a wide range of job duties utilizing technical know-how and an exceptional, pro-active customer service approach, ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction. Maintains a very hands-on focus for technology matters combined with an affinity for solving complex technical issues and delivering projects on time and within budget.

REPORTS TO: Manager of Technology

Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Identify, evaluate and recommend appropriate technologies and strategies for building products and delivering services, from a database perspective.
Assist in the design and development of database systems and data flows.
Develop database functions, scripts, stored procedures, etc. to collect, process and present data.
Monitor performance and optimize queries to ensure exceptional user experience.
Provide innovative solutions to complex data problems, ensuring data integrity is maintained and providing the highest quality solutions to our end-users.
Determine the root cause of database errors or data oddities and provide solutions to resolve.
Collaborate with the team to bring ideas to the market in a short time period.
Synchronize the conceptual design with the actual database.
Create physical and logical database models according to business needs or requirements.
Create data-flow diagrams, document processes and maintain source-code.
Work with DBAs to monitor and manage the company databases effectively.
Performs other duties and responsibilities as required or assigned.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in computer engineering or related field, or equivalent knowledge, skills and abilities in software engineering.
5+ years of technical experience in a database engineering role.
Excellent oral/written communication skills and interpersonal skills, with the ability to articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Expert with MS-SQL; familiarity with C# programming concepts.
Innovative, self-motivated and self-directed with keen attention to detail, exceptional service orientation
Ability to work directly with customers, understanding and fulfilling their needs in a competent manner.
Ability to discern user requirements and develop specifications.
Experience with Microsoft system administration and web server configuration.
Knowledge of internet protocols, database management systems, revision control systems, information security vulnerabilities, and risk management.
Possessing a business understanding of the underlying data.
Ability to follow projects through to completion.
Ability to learn new technologies quickly, step outside your own comfort zone and handle unfamiliar challenges enthusiastically.
Enjoys work (overcoming obstacles is fun), loves to help people and can work well independently or in groups
Salary commensurate with experience | Foresight Intelligence is an equal opportunity employer | Applicants must have right to work in the US

Powered by JazzHR

NehtoyKMCy
