Description

The Lead, Network Engineer designs, analyzes, plans and modifies network components supporting customer communication implementation activities. The Lead, Network Engineer works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial.

Responsibilities

The Lead, Network Engineer develops and evaluates network performance criteria and measurement methods. Prepares the analysis of the short-term or long-term capacity needs for switching, routing transmission and signaling. Conducts network architecture design, feasibility and cost studies. Develops alternative routing scenarios and changes in required sequence of network activities. Conducts economic and population growth studies to determine impact on network capacity and development plan projections. Advises executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action.

Required Qualifications

+ Bachelor's degree required

+ 8 + years of technical experience

+ 2 + years of project leadership experience

Preferred Qualifications

+ 5+ years network design experience for large complex enterprises

+ Experience with network integration mergers and acquisitions

+ IGP/BGP configuration and troubleshooting

+ Equinix Cloud exchange design and configuration

+ Data Center networking design and configuration including Arista an Cisco Nexus platforms

+ Network security stack design and configuration including Palo Alto and Cisco

+ WAN design and configuration

+ SD-WAN design including Cisco Viptela and Meraki platforms

+ Cloud inter-networking design including AWS, GCP and Azure

+ Experience with O365 network design

+ Deep knowledge and understanding of DevOps Culture

+ Infrastructure automation design and deployment through Ansible and Python

+ ServiceNow integration

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40

About Us

Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms -when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and that's why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first.

Equal Opportunity Employer

It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster.

If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com for assistance.

Humana Safety and Security

Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com to validate the request.
