Sr. DDI Migration Engineer WFH
[DNS/DHCP/IPAM]
Company Overview: Efficient IP [www.efficientip.com]
Efficient IP is a network security and automation company specializing in DNS, DHCP and IP Address Management [DDI].
Our SOLIDServer SMART DDI approach offers enterprises and service providers a unique appliance-based solution to intelligently simplify and automate design, deployment and management of the critical DDI infrastructure.
We promote business continuity by making your IP infrastructure foundation reliable, agile and secure.
Since 2004, we have continued to expand our reach internationally, providing solutions, professional services and support all over the world with the help of select business partners. Our passionate teams have delivered successful projects to over 1,000 customers globally, and ensured operational efficiency through dedicated customer care.
Efficient IPs client base includes hundreds of the most demanding companies in all business sectors and higher education to include Johns Hopkins University, Netflix, EADS, Cap Gemini, HP, STMicroelectronics and T-Mobile with an established presence in the US, France, the UK, Germany & Spain.
Location: Ideally the Philadelphia region but anywhere in the US [preference is east coast]
This will be a full-time WFH with up to 30% national travel to clients [when travel is permitted]
Position Summary:
We are looking for an experienced DDI Migration Engineer to be a part of our Professional Services Americas Team. The main focus is to deploy our Efficient IP solution for our customers and replace their legacy solution. This includes:
Lead technical design meetings with customers
Configure appliances
Migrate data from existing DDI solutions to Efficient IP [i.e. from Microsoft, ISC, BlueCat, Infoblox, etc]
Scripting and data manipulation for migration
Assist with support during escalation and level 3/4.
Why this position is compelling:
Youll always be technically challenged working with customers in every business sector who are looking to consolidate their DDI infrastructure
As part of the onboarding, Efficient IP will provide hands-on training and youll become Certified in our SOLIDServer solution
Youll serve as the DDI subject matter expert and be instrumental in deploying Efficient IP
Opportunity for growth
Qualifications:
Strong technical experience with one or more of the following:
DNS, working and protocol [ISC, Microsoft]
DHCP, working and protocol.
TCP/IP, both IPv4 and IPv6.
Bonus points:
Familiar with scripting to automate tasks (Perl, Bash, PHP, etc).
Data migration experience
DDI vendor experience in a Professional Services capacity with Infoblox, BlueCat or similar
Must be inquisitive, have the technical aptitude, curiosity and passion to become an SME in the DDI industry
Must have worked in a customer-facing role
Strong communication, interpersonal and presentation skills
Strong technical problem-solving ability and troubleshooting skills
Must have strong attention to detail, be organized, self-motivated and able to handle multiple projects
Bachelors Degree preferred
Must be able to work in the US without any type of sponsorship
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
DNS, DHCP, IPAM: 5 years (Preferred)
Location:
Philadelphia, PA (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Required)
Application Question:
Do you have any experience with data migrations?
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Company's website:
www.efficientip.com
Work Remotely:
Yes
