Product Test Engineer
Location


PA, Malvern

Department


Engineering

Employment Type


Full Time

Apply Now

Crane Payment Innovations is the leader in world class automated payment solutions. We:
Partner with businesses to provide payment experiences that set new and innovative standards for consumer convenience, security and reliability
Offer a range of devices for bill and coin validation, cash recycling and dispensing systems, IoT applications for our enterprise-level connected products and services, and software applications to integrate sensory hardware to machines and networks
Are excited to explore new ways every day to improve how millions of people across the globe can make their payments in a way that fits with their lives
Our global engineering teams develop products and deliver innovative solutions in currency validation technologies, cash management systems, digital payment technologies, mobile applications, security, and digital advertising.

We are seeking a Product Test Engineer to join our New Product Development group. Our Product Test Engineers are responsible for providing effective test support throughout a product’s life cycle, from ideation to sustaining phases. You will:
Create and implement new product test methods
Work with outside test labs focused on environmental testing/simulation
Exercise your project management muscles and deliver project schedules to cross-functional teams
Strive for continuous improvement and have direct impact through establishing new processes and technical capabilities
Develop tools focused on automated data retrieval/analysis, automated data entry, automated reliability testing (motor control), or collaborative robotics programming.
Provide line management of Product Test Technician(s) and daily supervision of a variable number of Operators (2 minimum).
Quick breakdown of duties:
Product Test Execution - 50%
Tactical Lab Management - 20%
Test Plan Development & Continuous Improvement - 20%
Status Reporting - 10%
Qualifications and Required Skills:
Bachelor's in Engineering - Electrical, Mechanical, and/or Systems
3-5 years of electromechanical product testing exp; systems design within a high volume manufacturing environment is a plus
Experience with sample size calculations, hypothesis testing, uncertainty analysis, and reliability demonstration test design
Experience with the following is a plus: Six Sigma and automation testing/development
We offer:
Competitive salaries
Paid time off
Sick time off
Medical, dental, & vision insurance
Flexible spending accounts
Life insurance and disability benefits
401K with Company contribution
Discounts for childcare
Community involvement
Opportunities to travel and work at our global sites
Be a part of Crane Payment Innovations and Crane Co.

CPI is a part of Crane Co., a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products. Founded in 1855, Crane Co provides products and solutions to customers in four business segments: Aerospace & Electronics, Fluid Handling, Engineered Materials, and Payment & Merchandising Systems. Crane has approximately 12,000 employees in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Crane Co. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:CR).

Crane Co. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.
