What You’ll Do:
Model and analyze data
Interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets and translate them into product, marketing, and financial insights
Leverage various data warehouses, ETL tools and BI platforms for client projects
Maintain deliverables, projects, and timelines for your client engagements
Communicate findings clearly to a broad range of stakeholders
Refactor SQL code
Our Technologies:
AWS: SES, RDS (MySQL), EC2, Elasticsearch Service, Route 53, VPC, etc
Snowflake
Alooma
Fivetran
DBT
Airflow
Snowshu
Looker
HEALTH UNION REALLY IS THE BEST PLACE TO WORK

Health Union is a dynamic company that’s growing at a fast pace. To us, the most important part of managing fast growth is maintaining our culture. But don’t just take our word for it: Philly.com, Philadelphia Business Journal, and MM&M have all named Health Union a “best place to work”--and we take pride in living up to that hype every day. At Health Union:
We cultivate a fun, family-friendly work environment that values inclusion, community, excellence, and transparency.
We work hard, play hard and in the process, form close-knit relationships that breed an authentic, respectful culture of teaching and learning.
All team members - from executives to managers to people in entry-level positions - sit together in an open office and enjoy a fully integrated, collaborative and supportive work environment.
All team members enjoy free personal training classes, a full supply of La Colombe coffee, frequent on-site social events, Summer Fridays, and regular complimentary family-style lunches.
Full-time team members are immediately eligible for comprehensive health benefits, FSA for transit, parking, and dependent care, as well as PTO, paid parental leave, and paid holidays.
Health Union is the only digital health company that continuously works to bring people together by evolving social interactions into meaningful health conversations through a growing portfolio of online health communities. Every day, Health Union encourages engagement that helps millions of people with chronic conditions find the information, connection and validation they seek. Learn more at www.health-union.com.

EEO Statement: We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

To comply with federal law, Health Union participates in E-Verify. Successful candidates must pass the E-Verify process after hire.

Applicants must be legally eligible to work in the U.S for any employer. This job is not eligible for visa sponsorship.

This is a full-time position, located at Health Union offices in Philadelphia (Center City). Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

*Candidates only. No direct calls or emails. No recruiters/agencies, please.
