We're still hiring!

During these unique circumstances, our entire team is still working so we can continue to create remarkable experience for our customers around the world.

What impact will you make at AWeber?

As a Software Engineer, you will work with your team to innovate on features to help better serve our customers and create a remarkable email marketing experience. You'll participate in many other initiatives, furthering our commitment to collaboration and cooperation between product teams. You've put things into production and changed people's lives when they have used them. Your everyday might include:
Maintaining applications written in Python and PHP.
Building out event-oriented application or data processing architectures to increase efficiency and open data streams to multiple destinations.
Research and/or build new solutions to provide new services and functionality to the internal application platform.
Automate and expand the collection and use of metrics, leveraging new & existing tools to provide visualizations to both business and technical parts of the organization.
To be successful in this role, you need:
1-3 years of experience working on software development with a team
Experience working with a modern programming language
Experience building web applications
Willing to travel (10%-20%)
It would be AWesome if you had:
Experience building REST APIs using Python frameworks
Experience with Open Source technologies
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Experience with Gitlab CI or other CI technologies
Experience with asynchronous Python development including Tornado
Your professional DNA includes:
Ability to work independently while enjoying collaboration with your team
Passion for what you do
Having your hands in multiple buckets
Continuous learning
About AWeber:

AWeber's gone remote!

Since our beginning, AWeber has been committed to creating a safe, productive environment for all of our team members. Our commitment to deliver powerfully-simple email marketing software for small businesses will never change. We will find new ways to continue living our core values and use the latest and greatest technology to collaborate, grow, and ultimately create remarkable experiences for our customers - all from remote locations.

Even with this change, our mission has and never will waver. We remain dedicated to strengthening our culture and connecting people in remarkable ways so they can continue living their dreams, executing on their passions, and growing their businesses.

AWeber Benefits:
100% Remote - work where you feel most comfortable and productive.
Strong culture that supports flexibility, entrepreneurialism, and collaboration. Think we should be doing something different? Share your feedback! We're looking for you to add your AWesomeness to our culture.
We have some other pretty cool benefits to make your life easier:
100% Company Paid PPO medical, dental, vision insurance (spousal and domestic partner benefits available).
4-7 weeks of paid time off and holidays (based on tenure).
4 week paid sabbatical (based on tenure).
401K retirement plan with 4% company match.
Company Profit Share.
Tuition reimbursement, conferences, and learning opportunities.
Gym Memberships Reimbursement.
Company Paid Short Term Disability Insurance.
Company Paid Life Insurance.
Additional Supplemental Benefits (Long Term Disability, Critical Illness, and Additional Life Insurance)
State of the art equipment.
