In the advertising world, the one with the best platform to target customers, and analytics to understand them, wins. With a full national footprint comprised of more than 200 partners, 210 DMAs and 80 million homes, /CADENT/ has positioned itself to be the essential partner to brands navigating the ever changing TV advertising landscape. Through our forward looking solutions, we are defining the present and future (programmatic, addressable, advanced TV) of broadcast/cable audience technology, data, analytics and automation.

Right now we are looking for a passionate Front End Developer to join our Software Development team and to help shape our next-generation products and architecture. We need you to be a thought leader who wants to be a key player in shaping the way we design and execute those designs; working closely with engineering colleagues and our interaction designers, you will help lead us to the front end promised land.

Our ideal A-Player will:
Get excited about building products that not only work, but look amazing and most importantly make our customers lives easier.
Understand that enterprise software can be just as dynamic and polished as any consumer product when given the right amount of love.
Wax poetically on the fundamental of CSS, HTML, and JavaScript, all the while implementing beautiful, testable, code.
Be a thought leader in front end technologies, design patterns, and implementation best practices
Assist in front end development and practices and provide technical and design feedback on early concepts
Work with engineering and the product team to design and implement highly interactive user interfaces
Iterate and improve existing products, applications, and architecture
Recommend and provide training for new libraries / technologies as needed.
Ensure that all web pages have a consistent look and feel
Our ideal A-Player will have:
HTML Chops- Your HTML isn't just semantic, it's functional. You're not afraid to use a table when it solves the problem in the best way, particularly when it saves you from using JavaScript. You keep up with the latest from HTML5.
Certified CSS Ninja- Your stylesheets cascade like Niagara Falls and you understand the power of CSS and how important it is not to abuse that power.
JavaScript Guru- You need to be able to build engaging interactive pages and you have a utility belt full of pure JavaScript and popular frameworks (JQuery, Bootstrap, Knockout) to help you do the job; after all, static pages are boring.
An Understanding of the full stack- You have a good understanding of the MVC design pattern and experience with C# Applications. You believe to build an amazing front end you must understand the back end.
This isn't your first rodeo- We expect that you have worked on large web applications before, be it consumer or enterprise, and understand the complexities and architecture needed. We expect you have at least 5+ years of experience, but feel free to prove you're an early bloomer.
.Net/C# programming skills- Not required but a definite plus. Sometimes you may have to get dirty with some backend code when needed. Rare but a possibility.
Database Experience- SQL server skills will never hurt you
So if the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let's start the conversation!

/CADENT/ is an EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.

]]>
