Job Location
Moorestown - Mount Laurel, NJ
Duties

In-Depth Engineering is seeking mid-level I&T Engineers to support our the integration and test of the Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program (SEWIP) into the Ship Self Defense System (SSDS) combat system. SSDS is an integrated weapons system used aboard large U.S. Navy Aircraft Carriers, amphibious assault ships (LHA), (LHD) and Dock landing ships (LSD). The work is performed at our customer site in Moorestown, NJ.

Candidates for consideration must be a US citizen and have an active Department of Defense secret clearance.

In-Depth Engineering remains committed to hiring during this period of uncertainty associated with COVID-19. We have implemented extensive policies and procedures, including mandatory use of face masks, social distancing in a low-density engineering lab environment and necessary cleaning and sanitizing. As appropriate, some efforts may be conducted in a telework environment.

Write Level 3 ET&E test procedures
Execute Level 3 testing, document and track problems, and conduct re-test
Develop SRS requirement changes and interface changes
Generate use-case and behavioral models
Support software design reviews
Qualifications
BS/MS degree in EE, CE, SE or an engineering related discipline
2+ years of related experience
Knowledge of DOORs, Rhapsody, UML
Knowledge of system of systems engineering, including sensor integration
Understanding of interface design specifications/documents (IDS/IDDs)
Effective participation in design teams and interface working groups
Ability to conduct design/code reviews, and track and resolve defects
Level 3 software testing: writing and executing test procedures
Software troubleshooting and data analysis
Ability to identify and isolate software defects during integration and test
U.S. Citizen and ability to obtain a DoD Secret Security Clearance

Desired

Experience with Electronic Warfare (EW) systems and sensors
Experience using JIRA

In-Depth Engineering provides a competitive package of salary and benefits, including medical, dental, and vision coverage, a Safe Harbor 401(k) program, generous Paid Time Off (PTO), STD, LTD, life insurance, and tuition assistance for higher education. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, creed, color, sex, age, national origin, or handicap. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
