Job Location
Moorestown - Mount Laurel, NJ
Duties

In-Depth Engineering is seeking a Systems Engineers to support our AEGIS Combat Systems Engineering Agent (CSEA) program and our Ship Self Defense System (SSDS). Our team of engineers is responsible for system engineering efforts associated with AEGIS Baseline 10, AEGIS Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD), and Ship Self Defense System (SSDS). The work is performed at our customer site in Moorestown, NJ.

In-Depth Engineering remains committed to hiring during this period of uncertainty associated with COVID-19. We have implemented extensive policies and procedures, including mandatory use of face masks, social distancing in a low-density engineering lab environment and necessary cleaning and sanitizing. As appropriate, some efforts may be conducted in a telework environment.

Participate in system of systems development and modernization effort
Derive and decompose requirements; perform tracking, validation and verification
Conduct system trade studies and analyses of alternatives
Conduct system performance modelling and analysis
Develop system level specifications and ICDs
Develop software specifications
Develop, coordinate, and communicate integration plans
Perform integration testing and analysis across multiple sub-systems
Participate in Engineering Technical Reviews
Create system and software design artifacts and communicate them to other engineers and stakeholders

Qualifications
BS in Mathematics, Physics, CS, CE, or other related discipline
Understanding of requirements procedure development
Experience with DOORS
Experience with C++, software integration and test
Experience with data analysis tools such as DataShark, Mercury, etc.
Ability to perform Code Reviews
Must be a U.S Citizen and have the ability to obtain DoD secret clearance

In-Depth Engineering provides a competitive package of salary and benefits, including medical, dental, and vision coverage, a Safe Harbor 401(k) program, generous Paid Time Off (PTO), STD, LTD, life insurance, and tuition assistance for higher education. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, creed, color, sex, age, national origin, or handicap. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
