The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that, together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal Reserve System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy, supervises banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides financial services to depository institutions and the federal government. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and central Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Job Summary:

Responsible for the operations and maintenance of building management systems to ensure environmental conditions meet requirements for optimal efficiency. Understands and utilizes global control standards of system equipment. Requires knowledge in installing (commissioning), troubleshooting, repairing, and programming environmental control systems. Requires knowledge in direct digital controls, airflow, hydronics, refrigeration theory, and building control techniques. Contributes to devising new approaches or innovations to the controls and automation of system equipment in a team environment.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:

Responsible for all operations, maintenance, systems integration and enhancements across Real Estate portfolio for all Industrial Control Systems (ICS) and their associated components such as Building Management Systems (BMS), Unified User Interfaces (UUI), Fault Detection and Diagnostic (FDD), Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA), Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM), Energy Management Systems, etc.

Troubleshoot, diagnose, and repair complex building control systems.

Performs preventive maintenance, site surveys, replacements and modifications as needed.

Collaborates with Information Technology (IT) and Information Security Department (ISD) for ongoing operations and maintenance.

Responsible for Security Assurance for the Federal Reserve (SAFR) compliance.

Responsible for end to end testing and initial programming, start up, commissioning, and servicing on assigned projects. Sets up graphical interface and coordinates with IT to setup the network.

Scope Measurements:

Capital Assets - Approx. $75,000,000

Plant Size - 800,000 sq. ft.

Annual Operating Budget - $19,000,000

Outside Contract Services - $2,000,000 plus

Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer programming or network, and a minimum of 6 years’ experience in building automation control systems in large central plant operations is required. Could also include HVAC/RE or Electrician license and Certification on one or more building maintenance system (i.e. Johnson Controls, Honeywell, Siemens, Niagara 4, etc.). PLC, HMI, and VFD troubleshooting and programming a plus. Experience in working in a multi-vendor integration platform is preferred.

Must be proficient in computer networks utilized in building systems and be committed to a continuous program of professional development in building automation systems.

Must be proficient/knowledgeable in writing/understanding, a sequence of operation using both graphical and line logic-programming methods.

In-depth knowledge of both electrical and mechanical systems, as well as digital and pneumatic controls.

Advanced understanding of all major energy management Direct Digital Control (DDC) controllers as well as front-end systems.

Proficiency with test instruments and calibration tools.

Knowledge of industry standard communications protocols including BACnet/IP, BACnet, MS/TP, LON, and Modbus and the relevant end devices.

The ability to read and understand controls drawings, electronic schematics, electrical diagrams, and construction drawings.

Experience developing and modifying front end graphics. AutoCAD or Visio experience a plus.

Strong oral and written communications skills needed, including the ability to explain technical information in clear and simple terms for non-technical audiences.

Demonstrated experience in developing energy control strategies and improvements and knowledge of emerging trends in environmental controls.

Perform high level data analytics, trends and alarm reporting.

Oversee life cycle asset management program for all IT/OT equipment (both on the software and physical component end).

Functional Knowledge Preferences:

Building Management Systems, Retro-commissioning, Strong Trouble shooting skills, Effective oral and written communications, Technical licenses and/or certification related to Engineering, Electrical, HVAC, Low Voltage, Building Automation Systems, and Automated Controls.

Individual Competencies:

Problem Solving, Action Oriented, Collaborates, Communicates Effectively

Physical Requirements:

Ability to bend/kneel down, or reach up to make equipment adjustments, obtain materials, or replenish equipment with working materials; crawl over/under pipes, wires, etc to perform job; climb stairs, ladders, ramps, and steps.

Ability to transport supplies materials or finished work from the work station or work truck to the delivery truck or vehicle.

Ability to respond to building emergencies in an expeditious manner.

Ability to stand for long periods of time to repair or operate equipment, under noise and cramped conditions, at various heights (including the building roof or sub-basement), in all weather.

OTHER REQUIREMENTS:

Valid Drivers License required. Background investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank accepts the results of the background investigation.

Certain eligibility rules apply.

Our benefit plans are designed to be the best fit for you at every stage of your career!

Excellent health, prescription, dental and vision coverage

Savings Thrift Plan (401K) with a 100& match up to 6& and a pension plan

Paid vacation / sick time / paid holidays and a flexible work environment

Numerous Employee Resource Groups to help you thrive and grow at the Fed in a diverse and inclusive environment

Healthy lifestyle assistance through an on-site fitness center, subsidized cafeteria with healthy food options, and health and wellness programs

Monthly public transportation allowance

Numerous internal development programs plus annual tuition reimbursement programs

Free credit protection, financial planning, and flexible spending accounts or health savings accounts .. and much more!

The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
