Proficient in Big Data application development skills as well as multiple design
techniques
Working proficiency in Big Data development toolset to
design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve
software
Strong understanding of Agile methodologies with
ability to work in at least one of the common
frameworks
Strong understanding of techniques such as
Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Test
Driven Development, Cloud Development,
application resiliency and security
Proficiency in one or more general purpose
programming languages
Working proficiency in a portion of software
engineering disciplines and demonstrates
understanding of overall software skills including
business analysis, development, testing,
deployment, maintenance and improvement of
software
Dress Codes:
Casual

Roles and Responsibilities: Qualifications
" Bachelor's or Advanced Degree in Information Management, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields desired
" Financial Services background or experience preferred across different LOBs. Proven proficiency with data analysis and ability to troubleshoot data issues.
" Proficiency across the full range of big data technologies and/or database and business intelligence tools; publishing and presenting information in an engaging way
" Intensive, recent experience in assessing and sourcing data needs
" Detail oriented with a commitment to innovation

Knowledge/Technical Skills
" Strong experience in Big Data Hadoop stack Hive, Impala, Spark, Spark/SQL
" Experience in Python, Java, Spark development is highly desired.
" Experience with MPP databases like Teradata or Oracle is preferred.
" Experience in Big Data technologies like Pig, Kafka is preferred
" Exposure to machine learning is preferred
" Exposure to ETL tools ( ABINTIO, INFORMATICA, DataStage or Others) a plus.
" Good communication skills and ability to interact with users, make presentations and guide conversations.
" Experience with scheduling & data integration tools like Control-M and Ni-Fi is highly desired.
" Strong exposure in Data Management, Governance and Controls functions
" Experience in data analysis, validation and reporting is a plus.
" Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling mannr
Either skills or additional skills are required
Skills:
Category
Name
Required
Importance
Level
Last Used
Experience
No items to display.
Additional Skills: Role
the Data Engineer will be part of the core group responsible for the end to end data management on the Big Data platform. The Data Engineer will be responsible for data ingestion, data validation, code development on various big data technologies, data analysis troubleshooting and user interactions working in an agile team.

Responsibilities
" Effectively partner with the Data and Analytics team to understand their data requirements, work on data ingestion, analysis, validation, transformation etc.
" Partner closely with various analytics projects to provide value from a data engineering perspective.
" Provide support for development work supporting the ingestion framework, SQL and anything else needed for generating validations.
" Support & monitor various data feeds as required for the project.
" Experience in working in Agile/Scrum framework and participate in all ceremonies and deliver
" Apply quality assurance best practices to all work products

Remarks:
