About gettacar:

gettacar is a direct-to-your-door, online platform that enables users to buy, finance, and trade used cars. The old way of buying cars is outdated. We want buying a car to be as simple as buying a pair of shoes and as trustworthy as online banking. By controlling the process from beginning to end, we allow customers to shop a wide inventory of cars, choose their terms, and have the car delivered right to their door. We even give 7 days to decide if you want to keep it. This is the future of car buying.

What we are looking for:

gettacar is looking for a Data Engineer to join our growing Analytics team. The Data Engineer position will be responsible for building out and developing our analytics data warehouse.

We’ll count on you to:
Structure, manage, and ensure accuracy of data in a SQL data warehouse environment to support various levels of analytics products using the latest ETL methods and technologies.
Collaborate with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increasing data accessibility and fostering data-driven decision making across the organization.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, marketing, sales, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Perform data analysis required to troubleshoot and resolve data related issues
Skills & Requirements:
5+ years of data engineering experience
5+ years of experience using SQL
Experience working with segment.io
Experience with R or Python a plus
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field
Ability to develop/structure data to support analytical work, BI reporting, and data visualization
Ability to assess the best engineering approach and implement ETL, ELT, Transformations, Triggers, Stored Procedures, or other methods to support optimal SQL data warehouse structuring.
Experience managing Schemas, Tables, Views
Demonstrated experience ensuring accuracy and reliability of core data through sound data governance practices
Auto industry experience not required
