The FreedomPay Commerce Platform is the technology of choice for many of the largest companies across the globe in retail, hospitality, lodging, gaming, sports and entertainment, foodservice, education, healthcare and financial services. FreedomPay’s technology has been purposely built to deliver rock solid performance in the highly complex environment of global commerce. The company maintains a world-class security environment and was first to earn the coveted validation by the PCI Security Standards Council against Point-to-Point Encryption (P2PE/EMV) standard in North America. FreedomPay’s robust solutions across payments, security, identity and data analytics are available in-store, online and on-mobile and are supported by rapid API adoption. The award winning FreedomPay Commerce Platform operates on a single, unified technology stack across multiple continents allowing enterprises to deliver a consistent, repeatable experience on a global scale. FreedomPay is a fast paced, high growth company with a great culture with competitive benefits and compensation with a business casual atmosphere.

We are currently seeking a Software Engineer with specific Java and Android experience. This is a full time salaried position. You will join a team of world class engineers and developers solving complex problems, building new product lines, and expanding existing products and services. You will be rewarded for creativity and innovation. In this role, you will be joining a team responsible for developing next generation SDK’s, tools, and apps that drive millions, and potentially billions, of payment transactions. You will report to the Director of Development.
Required Skills and Experience
At least a BS/BA Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
1+ Android Experience
2+ Java Experience
Familiarity with Kotlin or desire to learn Kotlin
Strong object oriented experience
Experience with interfacing with RESTful services and consuming JSON or XML
Familiarity with Git
Strong English written and verbal communication skills
Candidate must have a commitment to industry best demonstrated practices, source code control, architecture, coding structure, and unit/system testing
Excellent multi-tasking skills, managing multiple initiatives at one time in a fast-paced environment
Desired Skills and Experience
Experience communicating with external devices through USB, Bluetooth, or TCPIP
Experience with Agile/Scrum
Unit testing with Junit, Mockito, and Roboelectric
Experience creating AARs and JARs
C# Experience
Strong interest in the tooling/development process with continuous integration
Data security, encryption handling, compliance, data privacy and laws
As the fastest growing commerce company in the industry, we offer the opportunity for tremendous upward mobility within the company as well as development and professional growth opportunities. FreedomPay provides exceptional benefits including medical, prescription, dental and vision coverage, Life Insurance, 401K with company match, commission sharing plan, and a modern working environment. All positions must be able to successfully pass a background check as well as a credit check.
