Why We Need You:
Were O3 World, an industry leader in building digital products and transformative, innovative experiences. We utilize design, strategy, marketing, and technology to deliver cohesive and remarkable experiences across the customer journey. Were looking for a Back-End Engineer to design and build web applications, customer-facing APIs and backend services. You will collaborate with our Client Services, Experience Design, and Engineering teams to create applications with an eye towards scalability, flexibility and ease of maintenance. If youre passionate about building great tools, and excited by learning new technologies, we want to speak with you!
Just so you're aware, we're posting this position in anticipation of future needs. We're not actively interviewing for this role, but since we may have needs in the next few months or so, we're looking forward to building relationships with potential future candidates interested in our agency. If you're interested in staying connected with O3 about this position, keep reading!
Right now we're leveraging technology to stay connected, and we're interviewing all of our candidates virtually. We look forward to meeting you soon.
Who You Are:
A talented engineer and tenacious problem-solver
Detail oriented, able to deliver high-quality work and technical documentation
A collaborative teammate, comfortable providing feedback and supporting fellow engineers
Courageous, willing to advocate for standards and best practices
Highly accountable, consistently following through on your commitments to client projects as well as your own professional goals
A voracious learner who seeks out opportunities to try new things
What Youll Do:
Design, build and deploy applications and features utilizing a variety of CMSs and application development frameworks
Develop CMS-based websites and create custom CMS modules
Power front end applications through design and development of custom APIs
Contribute to DevOps and automation
Collaborate with project teams to research and recommend application architectures
Build with security in mind, advocate for security and data integrity across project teams


Requirements:
To be successful in this role, we need you to have:
2+ years of relevant professional experience
Experience with CMS development (Wordpress, Drupal, Craft, Magento or similar)
Experience integrating 3rd party APIs
Experience working in a cross-functional team structure (engineers, experience designers, project managers, QA)
Knowledge of Agile and Scrum
Knowledge of PHP, JavaScript, and Node JS
Bonus points if you have:
Experience working in a digital or creative agency
Knowledge of front end development, SEO and accessibility
Experience designing REST APIs
Familiarity with process automation and continuous integration
Contributed to open source projects
Why work at O3?
Youll be a part of an always growing team. We support innovation, personal development, and mentorship.
Weve worked hard to foster an environment of mutual respect, where youll be treated like a peer regardless of title or seniority.
Youll find no drama here. We surround ourselves with good-natured, honest, hard-working people. That goes for our employees and our client partners.
We dont do egos, so no one person can be O3. We are a team.
Youll build partnerships, not just complete projects. We take the next 5% and go above and beyond for our clients, and each other.

O3 World specializes in digital product design and development, from conceptualization through implementation and support. O3 is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We look forward to meeting with you.
