STRATEGIC STAFFING SOLUTIONS HAS AN OPENING!Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) prides itself on being an international IT Staffing and Solutions Company with 28 years experience recruiting and managing exceptional IT and Business consultants for customers in the Financial, Energy, Public Sector and Retail Distribution industries. A privately held, financially strong, woman-owned company, S3 is a full service IT firm, with 24 major market locations in the U.S!

Job Title: Data Engineer

Duration: 12 Month Contract

Location: Wilmington, DE

W2 ONLY

C2C/1099 NOT ALLOWED

To apply: Please email your resume in Word Format to Bruce Wallace at: bwallace@strategicstaff.com and Reference Job Order #: 159070 or Click the Apply Button.

Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) seeks a Data Engineer for a 12 Month Contract at one of our top Fortune 500 companies. This position requires that the selected candidate be located in Wilmington, DE

Job Description:

We are looking for a savvy Data Engineer to join our growing team to build a modernized Data

Ecosystem. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline

architecture, modernizing our data ecosystem with open source technologies as well as

optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The ideal candidate is an

experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and

building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our software developers,

database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal

data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed

and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right

candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our companys data

architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.

Qualifications:

• We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has

attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems

or another quantitative field.

• Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Apache Spark, Kafka, etc.
• Experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases, including

Postgres and Cassandra.

• Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: NiFi, Kylo, Luigi,

Airflow, Azkaban etc.

• Experience with AWS cloud services: S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
• Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
• Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python,

Java, C++, PySpark, Scala, etc.

WE OFFER A REFERRAL INCENTIVE FOR ANYONE REFERRED & HIRED WITH S3!

Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3), based in Detroit, Michigan, prides itself on being an international, woman-owned, $260 million IT and Business Services Corporation. We are ranked 16th among the largest staffing firms in the US by Staffing Industry Report and are one of five companies nationally certified as a Charter Partner with Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 provides IT consulting, customized project solutions, vendor management programs and executive search services to financial institutions, insurance, energy, oil/gas, telecommunication, government, retail and health care industries worldwide. We have more than 2,700 consultants and 31 offices in the US and Europe.S3 is also proud to be nationally recognized as both a Military Friendly and Military Spouse Friendly Employer.

As an S3 employee, youre eligible for a full benefits package which may include: Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401(k) Plan, Vacation Package, Life & Disability Insurance Plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, and Tuition Reimbursement.

The global mission of S3 is to build trusting relationships and deliver solutions that positively impact our customers, our consultants, and our communities. The four pillars of our company are to: Set the bar high for what a company should do, Create jobs, Offer people an opportunity to succeed and change their station in life, and improve the communities where we live and work through volunteering and charitable giving.

Strategic Staffing Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer

D1-JK*

Job Requirements:
