Job Brief


Design, maintain, and monitor an enterprise Citrix environment

Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

Act as a Lead Engineer to design, maintain, and monitor an enterprise Citrix environment. Ensure that integrity is maintained and high availability is met. 24/7 support is rotated across the team. When on-call, position is expected to respond to all applicable Priority 1 incidents and drive resolution while communicating status to the team.

Proactively manage continuous process improvement based on new or emerging technologies, customer feedback, and process standards. Must possess strong customer service skills and be able to communicate highly technical concepts to individuals with varying levels of technical expertise. Must follow the change management and problem management processes.

Additional responsibilities include: performing system software and hardware installations and upgrades, performance monitoring and tuning, logical and physical hardware design, storage management, capacity planning, backup strategies and disaster recovery strategies and design.

Qualifications / Education:
A minimum of ten (10) years of experience supporting and maintaining an enterprise XenApp & XenDesktop 5.x/6.x/7.x/19x environment.
Experience supporting and maintaining a Citrix Provisioning Server 7.x/19x environment.
Experience supporting Citrix NetScaler, including HDX Insight & Citrix Command Center.
Experience supporting Citrix Web Interface & StoreFront.
Experience with Citrix Universal Profile Management or roaming profiles.
Experience with scripting and PowerShell.
Experience with Microsoft Office 365 and FsLogix.
Experience with Microsoft Application Virtualization (App-V).
Bachelor degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience preferred.
Citrix certifcation is a plus.
Previous data center migration experience in a large corporate environment preferred.
On call support rotation required with this position.
Must be able to work independently and as part of a team
Back
Share
Apply Now
