As The Meet Group engineers, we believe Engineering Serendipity is more than a kick-ass statement; we believe it’s our goal. From conceptualization through completion, every product and feature we build is designed to improve the friendship-making experience of our members.

The Meet Group is seeking a Senior Backend Software Engineer to help architect, build, iterate, and scale our backend application server software. As a Software Engineer you will have to be excellent in core Java to implement our application server code that scales to tens of millions of social connections per day, and be familiar with the rest of the stack up to the presentation layer including HTML, JavaScript, and Web Services.
Key responsibilities
Contribute best-in- class programming skills to develop highly innovative, horizontal & vertically scalable backend code in a clustered server environment
Continually offer thought-leadership and dependable execution ability in a high-paced environment characterized by ongoing iteration and product pushes
Play a key role in backend development, troubleshoot and help shape the architecture of new features
Requirements
Strong Java experience including design, implementation, debugging
BS or MS in Computer Science or related field preferred, top-tier schools preferred, or equivalent experience
3+ years experience building products for fast growing web or mobile products
Solid understanding of data structures and algorithms (i.e., understanding the tradeoffs of performance, complexity, etc.)
Solid understanding of multithreading
Comfortable in a small, intense and high-growth start-up environment that utilizes agile development practices such as SCRUM, unit testing, continuous integration, etc.
Experience developing backend production code to be deployed in a high load linux environment
Experience profiling memory and performance in a distributed environment
Comfortable with web services, Tomcat, SQL, Strong analytical skills, good judgment, and passion for your work
Desired Skills
Rest/JSON, SOAP web services
Experience with horizontal scaling
Experience with geospatial search
Experience with security best practices
Knowledge of design patterns
Ability to work with other programming languages (polyglot engineer), especially scripting
Helpful if experienced with Node.JS, AWS, and building distributed services
About us:
The Meet Group (NASDAQ: MEET) is a portfolio of mobile social entertainment apps designed to meet the universal need for human connection. We leverage a powerful live-streaming video platform, empowering our global community to forge meaningful connections. Our primary apps, MeetMe®, LOVOO®, Skout®, Tagged® and Growlr®, keep millions of mobile daily active users entertained and engaged and originate untold numbers of casual chats, friendships, dates, and marriages. Our apps, available on iPhone, iPad, and Android in multiple languages, use innovative products and sophisticated data science to let our users stream live video, send gifts, chat, and share photos. The Meet Group has a diversified revenue mix consisting of in-app purchases, subscription, and advertising, and we have offices in New Hope, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dresden, and Berlin. For more information, visit themeetgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.
The Meet Group is an equal opportunity employer and a participating employer of Everify. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.
#v061219 ifwe meetme skout tagged hi5
