How you will help
You will own and be responsible for the technical integration of clients and partners. You will have a strong technical understanding of the components of our system and how they interact with other platforms and work with internal resources to solve any challenges that may arrive. You will play an integral part in building the foundation of everything to come.

What you will do
Be a primary technical point of contact for clients and partners
Be the owner of technical integration of HealthVerity tools and solutions
Work closely with Project Management to set expectations and meet deadlines
Work closely with Engineering team to build solutions to meet client needs

About You
You are...
Adept with client facing communication and relationships
Experienced working on integrations with 3rd party technical teams
Someone who dives deep into the granular details of complex explanations
Capable of simplifying complex explanations
Data driven, testing and measuring as much as you can
Comfortable on the command line and consider it an essential tool
Confident in SQL, you know it, write smart queries, it’s no big deal
Confident in scripting languages (Shell, Python, etc)

Desired Skills and Experience
Knowledge of security requirements, web services, service-oriented architecture, design patterns, and automated unit testing
Experience in client facing settings
Experience building and owning technical solutions and pipelines
3+ years in Scripting languages (Shell, Python, etc)
1+ years of experience with SQL
Experience working with AWS
Added bonus: understanding of Healthcare IT standards

HealthVerity, based in Center City Philadelphia, is a venture-backed technology company that is transforming the way data-led organizations make critical decisions. Our technology platform serves as the foundation for the rapid creation, exchange and management of healthcare and consumer data in a fully-interoperable, privacy-protecting manner. Advantaged by highly sophisticated identity resolution and matching capabilities, HealthVerity is on a mission to increase transparency, forge interoperability and activate deeper insights.

Our company challenges
Empowering clients with highly rewarding data discovery and licensing tools
Ingesting and managing billions of healthcare records from a wide variety of partners
Standardizing on common data models across data types
Orchestrating an industry-leading HIPAA privacy layer
Innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms
Building a culture that supports rapid iteration and new possibilities

The infrastructure and culture we are building will provide an environment that cultivates innovation. We want to move fast knowing we can fix anything we break along the way. If a new need arises, we want to turn around a solution quickly. We want to solve our challenges in ways that create even more possibilities. We’re creating a platform that lets us discover what else we might do.

We have big plans
We are building a platform that will scale to support an ever-growing array of data providers and innovative products. You must be able to think big while still delivering on near-term requirements.

HealthVerity is an Equal Opportunity Employer
