Business Unit: Job Summary:Responsible for promoting the use of industry and Company technology standards. Monitors emerging technologies/technology practices for potential use within the Company. Designs and develops updated infrastructure in support of one or more business processes. Helps to ensure a balance between tactical and strategic technology solutions. Considers business problems "end-to-end": including people, process, and technology, both within and outside the enterprise, as part of any design solution. Mentors, reviews codes and verifies that the object oriented design best practices and that coding and architectural guidelines are adhered to. Identifies and drives issues through closure. This role brings to bear significant cloud experience in the private and public cloud space as well as streaming data, big data and software engineering. This role will be key in the delivery of a productized real-time event processing product for customer experience. This person will engage and lead software delivery teams and contribute to several strategic efforts that drive personalized customer experiences across product usage, support interactions and customer journeys. This role leads the building of real-time big data platforms, machine learning algorithms and data services that enable proactive responses for customers at every critical touch point. Core Responsibilities -Enterprise-Level architect for "Big Data" real-time event processing, analytics, data store, and cloud platforms. -Enterprise-Level architect for cloud applications and "Platform as a Service" capabilities-Detailed current-state product and requirement analysis.-Security Architecture for "Big Data" applications and infrastructure-3rd party vendor analysis and management.-Ensures programs are envisioned, designed, developed, and implemented across the enterprise to meet business needs. Interfaces with the enterprise architecture team and other functional areas to ensure that most efficient solution is designed to meet business needs. -Ensures solutions are well engineered, operable, maintainable, and delivered on schedule. Develops, documents, and ensures compliance with best practices including but not limited to the following coding standards, object oriented design, platform and framework specific design concerns and human interface guidelines. -Tracks and documents requirements for enterprise development projects and enhancements. -Monitors current and future trends, technology and information that will positively affect organizational projects; applies and integrates emerging technological trends to new and existing systems architecture. Mentors team members in relevant technologies and implementation architecture. -Contributes to the overall system implementation strategy for the enterprise and participates in appropriate forums, meetings, presentations etc. to meet goals. -Gathers and understands client needs, finding key areas where technology leverage is possible to improve business processes, defines architectural approaches and develops technology proofs. Communicates technology direction.-Monitors the project lifecycle from intake through delivery. Ensures the entire solution design is complete and consistent from the start and seeks to remove as much re-work as possible. -Works with product marketing to define requirements. Develops and communicates system/subsystem architecture. Develops clear system requirements for component subsystems. -Acts as architectural lead on project in partnership with domain/program architects.-Applies new and innovative ideas to old or new problems. Fosters environments that encourage innovation. Contributes to and supports effort to further build intellectual property via patents. -Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance. -Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary. -Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Job Specification:-Demonstrated experience with "Platform as a Service" (PaaS) architectures including strategy, architectural patterns and standards, approaches to multi-tenancy, scalability, and security.-Demonstrated experience with schema and data governance and message metadata stores-Demonstrated experience with 3rd party software vendor relationships, vendor evaluation, vendor quality audits, and contract negotiation.-Demonstrated experience with private cloud infrastructure both OpenStack and VMWare.-Demonstrated experience with public cloud resources such as AWS.-Demonstrated experience with cloud automation technologies including Ansible, Terraform, Chef, Puppet, etc...-Hands-on experience with Data Flow processing engines, such as Apache NiFi-Working knowledge / experience with Big Data platforms (Kafka, Hadoop, Storm/Spark, NoSQL, In-memory data grid)-Working knowledge / experience with Linux, Java, Python.-Product Management experience highly desired-Staff/People Management experience highly desired Job Specification:-Bachelors Degree or Equivalent in Engineering, Computer Science-15+ years in Software Engineering Experience-10+ years in Technical Leadership roles-5+ years in Cloud InfrastructureComcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employerPDN-COM219139-en-us
