Business Unit: The Comcast VIPER Linear Video Engineering team is a growing, fast-moving team of world-class experts who are innovating in end-to-end IP Linear Video Signal Processing, focused on Dynamic Ad Insertion, Virtual Stream Stitching, Content Blackout delivery to Comcast and its Syndication Partners as well as IP Linear responsibilities and relationship across these components. We are a team that thrives on big challenges, superior results, high-quality products, well-documented software and the agility to move quickly in all these areas. The Software Engineer is a technical contributor in the IP Linear organization, responsible for the timely delivery of product. He or she holds technical knowledge of linear products, demonstrating an understanding of the product life cycle. He or she is responsible for collaborating with delivery owners to understand requirements deliver high-quality linear video products. The group is accountable for the overall deployment, delivery and operational support of all signal processing and IP Linear services. What are the interesting problems you'll be working on? Comcast acquires programming content from a vast number of sources, each with their own unique video standard interpretation. One of the developed IP Linear solutions normalizes and conditions all these unique variants into a common "house" standard format for consumption by all downstream video consumers. This normalization impacts all our IP services including content blackout as required by our programming contracts and dynamic ad insertion, a growing $2 billion dollar Comcast business. Our newest project is a real-time content switching solution managing MPEG DASH manifests from multiple sources and on a fine-grained, potentially per-user basis, constructing a unique viewing experience based upon subscriber location and other information. The solution must serve millions of subscribers with response times in milliseconds. You will be working with some of Comcast's best engineers to develop this keystone of the linear pipeline for Comcast as well as its national and international partners. With whom does the IP Linear engineer work? IP Linear software engineers collaborate with industry experts from many disciplines: software architects, network engineers, data scientists, video player developers, content security specialists, and various streaming video technologists. An IP Linear engineer also engages with quality assurance engineers, technical operators, and product owners on a daily basis. Where can you make an impact? Your code will condition video streams in preparation for usage by all of Comcast's downstream video components. You'll process video content distributed to tens of millions of devices, all day, every day. The systems you design and build will enable first-to-market product features and integrate with big data systems for reporting and analytics. You'll help influence groundbreaking streaming video technology standards using cutting-edge technologies with real world lessons and see your individual contributions have multi-million dollar impact to Comcast's bottom line. Responsibilities: + Develop technical competent, well-documented, reliable code as part of a team through development and delivery of IP Linear product. + Work with the QA organization to ensure testing of new features and functionality. + Understand and lead agile development, including sprint planning, continuous integration testing, and deployment. + Support the Software Delivery Engineers and VIPER Operations team to ensure the successful deployment of products into the linear pipeline. + Support other VIPER teams interacting with IP Linear applications, such as VOD and cDVR. + Design and develop new software applications including user interfaces, support applications under development, and customize existing applications + Collaborate with project stakeholders to identify product and technical requirements. Conduct analysis to determine integration needs + Diagnose performance issues and propose and implement code improvements + Assist in the constant integration and constant deployment of software releases + Prove scalability with load generating tools + Ensure the software architecture is lean, extensible, and well documented + Ensure software modules are reliable and reusable + Integrate with metrics and auditing systems to inform on health and usage + Work with the Quality Assurance and Operations teams to ensure applications meet and/or exceed specifications and technical requirements Here are some specific technologies we use in our development: + Go + Lua + JavaScript + HTML, CSS + Docker + Kubernetes + Helm + Linux + Git + PostgreSQL + XML, JSON Education, Skills and Requirements + BS in Computer Science and/or 3+ years equivalent experience + 1+ years programming in a high-level language like Java, C/C++, or Go + 3+ months programming experience in Go + 1+ years of experience working with data stores such as PostgreSQL, MongoDB and Redis desirable + Knowledge of object design, design patterns, and algorithms + Experience developing multi-threaded applications for networking, web services, HTTP, and TCP/IP + Experience with SCTE-35, SCTE-130, SCTE-224, CableLabs ESAM and ESNI, HLS, HDS, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, and H.264 compression a plus + Good communicator; able to analyze and clearly articulate complex issues and technologies understandably and engagingly + Strong writing skills + Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership. Systematic investigation and eliminating variability of issues + Customer-focused delivery under an agile methodology + Strong analytical skills and the ability to pay careful attention to detail + Able to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment About Comcast VIPER (Video IP Engineering & Research) VIPER (Video IP Engineering & Research), is a division within Comcast's Technology and Product Division based in downtown Denver, CO. We are a cloud-based, IP video infrastructure that's been built to deliver a broad mix of on-demand video, live TV streams and an assortment of other digital media to an array of connected devices in the home. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
