SIG is seeking a systems engineer to develop and productionize tools for
scaling up and out the processing of petabytes of data on a cluster with
thousands of cores. You will be part of a team that is building a cutting edge
proprietary software library for Python and Numpy that allows for highly
parallelized data analysis, advanced statistics, and machine learning on
extremely large datasets. This is an essential component to SIG s strategy
development and signal discovery.

You ll join a highly visible team that works with traders and quantitative
research strategists to provide key information used in trading. This is a
great opportunity to work in a non-siloed, collaborative meritocracy on
challenging problems with other scientists and engineers who have an impressive
record both academically and in the workplace.

Who We Are:
SIG is one of the world s leading proprietary trading firms. Continually
growing since inception, our engineers are a vital part of our success. They
enjoy a mix of development, research, model training, and simulation/back
testing. We encourage novel ideas and solutions to problems. Our environment
fosters the open exchange of ideas and innovative thinking that top engineers
covet.

Required Qualifications:
MS or PHD in the Applied Sciences or related discipline or its foreign
equivalent plus experience in numerical analysis and programming
5+ years of professional experience in C++ and Python
Experience writing Python and/or Numpy C extensions is a plus,
particularly so if using libraries such as pybind11 or boost::python.
Deep experience with NumPy and SciPy scientific computing packages
required
Enthusiasm for working with data, especially large sets of data. Strong
aesthetics for cleanliness and correctness in data
Exerience with developing database engines a plus
Want to contact the team directly?

Chris Gomes

We don t post salary ranges externally so any salary estimate you see liste
here was not provided by SIG and may not be accurate. We think it s importa
to take your skills and experience into account when determining compensation.

SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes
submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or
directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole
property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by
SIG.
Show moreShow less
