Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

Under the general supervision of the Manager of Ops Automation, responsibilities will include identification, analysis, and development related to the automation of operational processes. The Ops Automation Engineer works closely with the Manager of Ops Automation understanding the operations processing and execution across all lines of business.
Analyze, transform, and stage data to drive internally automated processes.
Leverage general programming best practices and creative coding approaches, activities will include conceptual design, script development and execution, and the validation of production outcomes.
Oversight of multiple scripts executing in parallel while prioritizing and performing other tasks is a daily requirement.
Works closely with internal team members, cross-functional stakeholders, functional subject matter experts, and management.
Knowledge of and understands all enterprise operational procedures and guidelines to deliver accurate and salient automation solutions.
Identifies performance improvement opportunities and supports implementation
Education/Experience:
1 to 3 years working knowledge of healthcare domain: Claims & Provider systems.
Experience automating manual tasks; Robotic Process Automation (RPA) experience a plus.
Bachelors Degree required in Healthcare Informatics, Computer Science, or a related field preferred.
FACETS experience strongly preferred.
Strong demonstrated experience working with MS Office (Access, Excel, Outlook etc.)
Experience coding in VBA, Basic, or Visual Basic
Experience running and constructing queries (SQL, MS Access, etc.) and some knowledge of relational databases
Experience with script development to automate repetitive or minimally value adding tasks.
Knowledge of automated testing software and methodologies: QTP/UFT experience preferred and descriptive programming experience very desirable
Ability to multitask: Monitor multiple parallel running scripts and troubleshoot as needed
Ability to reverse engineer undocumented processes, code, and query logic for the purposes of break/fix scenarios, maintenance, and upgrades
Ability to independently analyze data & results to draw business conclusions and make decisions
Back
Share
Apply Now
