Director Business Intelligence Data Engineering & Automation
Location


Philadelphia, PA

Telecommuter?


Yes

ID**

19067

Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Under the direction of the VP, Chief Analytics Officer this position will oversee the Business Analysis, Data Engineering and Automation and Business Intelligence functions within Enterprise Analytics. This role will be responsible for oversight of building, deploying and testing of Business Intelligence (BI) systems that integrate with databases, data warehouses, data marts and data lake. This position will be responsible for dashboards and/or reports according to the identified technical requirements in addition to being responsible for performance tuning, version controls and documentation of those dashboards/reports. Position will collaborate closely with internal and external stakeholders across the organization to develop sustainable solutions that support data-driven decision making while acting as a champion for data and analytics services. Will lead a team of Tableau developers, Business Analysts to support a common data and analytics platform integrating new and existing data sources to eliminate silos.

Responsibilities:
Oversee solutions/framework for provisioning data for self-service consumption by business users who create BI applications, as well as supporting any type of adhoc reporting/analytic requests.
Define, build and execute the Data Services and technology roadmap ensuring that it is in alignment with the Application, Infrastructure and Business roadmaps.
Drive build and automation of tableau reports; ensure requirements are successfully executed and issues are resolved timely.
Very strong tableau and data warehousing expertise required
Proactively identify opportunities and technologies regarding the access, processing, visual display and analysis of data; maintain a pulse on data visualization and engineering trends.
Collaborates with internal departments to understanding their evolving data needs and develop and execute on analytics to meet those needs while driving towards improved outcomes and overall performance metrics. Independently complete analysis, development and enhancement of BI solutions to fulfill business needs.
Maintain in-depth knowledge of project planning methodologies and tools as well as IT standards and guidelines.
Serve as a thought leader for technical business processes, developing forward-thinking prototypes that promote increased efficiency and productivity on multiple levels.
Education/ Expereince:
Master’s Degree.
Bachelor’s Degree (Computer Science or related field preferred).
Associate degree courses in Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Information Design or Mathematics a plus.
8-10 year’ experience in analytics, preferably in the health care industry.
Other Skills:
Analytical mindset focused on process and data analysis; problem solving aptitude.
Some experience of relevant data visualization, including but not limited to experience with visualizations and web-based interactives, geospatial, and/or visual story telling preferred.
Superior organizational, close attention to detail and written/oral communication skills.
Superior technical writing skills in business requirements, queries, reports, and presentations.
Superior technical skills in Excel, PowerPoint, Tableau, Visio, Microsoft Project with the ability to learn other analytic tools.
Advanced analytical and quantitative skills with experience collecting, organizing, mining, analyzing, visualizing and disseminating abundant information with the utmost accuracy and presentation.
Experience in conducting and documenting QA testing using problem solving techniques for analytic and reporting solutions.
Efficiently manages time-based on the continual evaluation of priorities, meets deadlines with high-quality deliverable reflecting complete understanding of expectations, able to multi-task.
