PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITY: Responsible for the day- to- day operations of the Storage infrastructure, including customer onboarding support, decommissions, pre-sales support, performance auditing and reporting, troubleshooting, and maintenance.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITY: Strong attention to detail. Strong technical knowledge with NAS Filer technology troubleshooting methodologies, design, and implementation. Able to resolve problems in a timely manner, and able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously. Knowledge of NAS Filers, Unified Storage or CTERA platforms. Intermediate server operating systems and server hardware knowledge required (Windows or Linux). ESX knowledge is desirable. Strong knowledge of storage concepts and networking; Site to Site Storage Replication, deduplication; storage networking, data at rest and volume encryption and SMB/NFS protocols. Knowledge of Private and Public cloud technologies.
Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills. Strong time management skills. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Due to the 24X7 operations of the business, must be able to work a flexible work schedule, may include nights, weekends, and holidays. Ability to provide FANATICAL support.
JOB COMPLEXITY: Works on tickets as required. Builds new configurations via software installation, storage provisioning for new/re-configurations, quality control, and ticket consolidation. Decommissions storage infrastructure by performing various host tasks, storage cleanup, CORE updates, and removal or deletion of storage. Troubleshoots end to end connectivity and host-side storage specific software issues. Troubleshoots and replaces storage component failures. Engages vendor for critical issues. Handles general configuration questions. Provides reporting on performance statistics, software, and storage provisioning. Audits storage and CORE logs, performance, utilization, and data accuracy. Also audits reference tools such as, Wiki, SharePoint, RSS feed, etc. Assists with scheduling and working host-side maintenances including, quality control, Re-kicks, storage expansions, storage migrations, cab migrations, and migration cutovers. Upgrades software, firmware, and drivers, and performs regular system health checks. Works with all support teams. Makes recommendations for process and procedure improvements.
