Aptive is seeking a Data Scientist to compile data analyses in support of a variety of health care innovation projects for the Department of Veterans Affairs.

The Data Scientist will support individual projects in their data and analytics needs, use existing data to develop business cases, and support portfolio-wide analyses of effectiveness and impact. Awareness of the Veterans Health Administration data storage platforms, such as the Corporate Data Warehouse (CDW), or the appropriate SQL knowledge to run data queries is a plus.

A strong candidate must demonstrate the ability to clean, manipulate, and analyze data using modern programming languages (Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL) or business intelligence platforms; this ability will support the team as they run Machine Learning Challenges. The ideal candidate would understand research methodologies commonly utilized in the health care innovation space and be able to design a research methodology with limited client input. Finally, the person would also help the program office assess effectiveness of their projects, which requires some unique problem solving.

This mid-level, full-time position is in Washington, DC with regular telework options available. (Please note: Due to COVID-19, this worksite requirement will not go into effect until social distancing restrictions are lifted by the appropriate health officials.)

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS.
At least 8 years' relevant experience within government consulting and organizing analytic results for further analysis.
Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science or related discipline.
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform (Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL).
Must be proficient in Tableau or equivalent.
Ability to work onsite in Washington, DC
Ability to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.
Legal authorization to work in the U.S.
JOB DUTIES.
Find patterns in data and clearly articulate the entire analysis (e.g., methodology, results, assumptions, constraints) using various suites of tools.
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik.
Prepare comprehensive written reports, presentations, and charts based on research, collection, and analysis of data.
Review Business requirements, their analytical and operational reporting needs.
DESIRED SKILLS.
Experience working with Veteran Affairs data (i.e. Corporate Data Warehouse).
Flexible mindset focused on delivering quality deliverables on tight deadlines.
Excellent problem-solving capability.
Ability to get up to speed quickly on complex issues; desire to work in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment.
Capable self-starter with a drive to get all types of work done and high attention to detail.
Excellent ability to communicate across most mediums and settings.
ABOUT APTIVE.

Aptive is a modern federal consulting firm focused on human experience, digital services and business transformation. Our employees receive competitive compensation, along with company-paid health care and short-term disability plans. We also offer a 401K plan with company match, paid time off, flexible savings accounts, commuter benefits and company-sponsored professional education opportunities.

Our work inspires people, fuels change and makes an impact. Join our team to be part of positive change in your community and our nation.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.

Aptive is an equal opportunity employer. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, parental status, veteran status, age, disability or any other protected class.

Veterans, members of the Reserve and National Guard, and transitioning active-duty service members are highly encouraged to apply.

]]> Apply Now
