Job Description
NewTek recently joined the Vizrt family!

Working at NewTek isn’t like every other company on the block. For us, work isn’t just going through the motions, or moving something off your plate just so you can get to the next task. Our customers are some of the most creative and passionate people in the world—and by helping them to unleash their creativity, we’re having a tremendous impact on both their professional careers and personal lives. To us, “work” is more about making our mark in the industries we serve—and changing the lives of the people who use our technology.

If you’re looking to join an exciting, rapidly expanding, global company that is transforming the way people create and share network-style television and 3D visual effects content, we want to hear from you. It’s always a plus if you’ve worked in the television or media and entertainment industry, but it really comes down to the experience you bring to the table, as well as what makes you who you are.

We look for smart, driven, creative, flexible, results-oriented, accountable and honest people. Then, we hire the rock stars. The best of the best.

Job Description

As a software engineer on the video engineering team you will work on the next generation of NewTek video products.

Required Experience
3+ year’s professional experience in software development or equivalent.
Experience in the product life-cycle from product specification to shipping.
Strong problem solving and communication skills, with a particular emphasis on working both with customer, marketing and sales teams to evaluate requirements for product development.
Expert knowledge of C++ or C programming. If experience is with C, additional object oriented experience is required.
Microsoft Windows development.
Visual C++ development environment.
Desirable Experience
Experience in one or more of the following areas :
Video compression and an understanding of standard file types.
Implementation of hardware/software product design.
Windows kernel mode device drivers
x86/x64 assembly
Algorithm optimization, including use of compiler intrinsics.
Graphics and algorithms.
Linear algebra.
Knowledge of video editing and live production.
What We Offer:
We offer an exciting opportunity in an expanding international company with the potential for personal growth
A caring environment with regular feedback and personal development
Excellent time off programs
A friendly and welcoming work environment with highly skilled colleagues
We utilize innovative software development technologies and methodologies
We create software and services that push creative boundaries and develop new ways of telling stories.
Benefits include health, dental, and 401K.
NewTek has a development environment in which engineers are encouraged to take ownership on their areas. This position has career advancement opportunities as well as the immediate opportunity to work in a fast paced, high profile industry. This position is available in the NewTek world-wide headquarters located in San Antonio, Texas, USA.

Click here to read about our online privacy and personal data policies.

Powered by JazzHR

8OeFiQxc7N
