Description The Senior Product Management Professional / Release Train Engineer must be able to lead, plan and track all phases of the product life cycle, from inception to introduction into the marketplace and ongoing management. The ability to create value streams and understand how to work in an environment transitioning to SAFe Agile is critical. This individuals work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Additionally they will independently lead several complex workstreams within a varied portfolio, owning the milestones and deliverables required to bring concepts through the complete product life cycle. Responsibilities The Senior Product Management Professional / Release Train Engineer monitors delivery and recommends schedule changes, cost adjustments or resource additions. Investigates facts and develops solutions to problems during the design and planning phases. Provides timely and accurate information and status updates to functional leaders. May be responsible for identifying product gaps, defining product requirements and engaging with customers to understand market needs and trends. Begins to influence departments strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments. Key responsibilities: + Develops and drives value stream changes in a Medicaid environment + Guides the end to end strategy, design and execution of work for new products or enhancements of existing value streams + Chief Scrum master for a domain / value stream + Leads and guides the scrum masters to ensure coordination of work and delivery + Facilitate PI Planning event including readiness through Pre- & Post-PI planning meetings + Summarize Team PI Objectives into Program PI Objectives and publish + Tracks the execution of epics and features against plan + Manage and optimize the value through the ART + Assist with facilitating feature & epics estimation during its identification/prioritization + Coaches Leaders & Scrum Masters in Lean-Agile practices & mindsets + Provides transparency to the domain sprint plan and the backlog + Maintains Release Plan ensuring teams have enough prioritized backlog groomed and shovel ready to keep the pipeline flowing + Influences product strategy and roadmap rooted in consumer insights and analysis of market findings + Makes executive level recommendations in regards to investments, development lifecycle and prioritization + Accountable for managing investment and partner relationships in development phase + Obtain and synthesize complex data to tell product value story + Organizes results, derive actionable insights and communicate with stakeholders and executive level leadership + Leads cross-functional team (operations, technology, clinical partners, data analytics), IT Scrum teams, and multiple work streams, meeting all key deliverables and maintaining aggressive timelines + Builds excellent working relationships with key partners to enable successful collaboration and measurable results Required Qualifications + Bachelors degree + 3+ years of Medicaid experience + 3+ years of product management experience (driving end to end product strategy) + 6+ years of Healthcare industry experience + Highly skilled in Agile methodology + Ability to understand and simplify technology direction + Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint + Excellent organizational, time management and communication skills + Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired. + Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, including ability to synthesize data and deliver a clear overview of strategy, opportunity and risks to diverse audiences + Passion for building inclusive experiences where people of all backgrounds see themselves represented in your work Preferred Qualifications + Masters Degree + 5+ years product management experience + Familiarity with Jira Align Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 About Us Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and thats why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity Employer It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact for assistance. Humana Safety and Security Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact to validate the request. Categories
Financial Services
Posted:

2020-07-13
Expires:

2020-08-12

Humana
