JOB DESCRIPTION:

A Product Operations Engineer for Rackspace Solutions and Services is responsible for operational business integration of all new products and features prioritized by the Product Management team.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

Key Accountabilities

This role is responsible for the end to end life cycle of a product and is required to develop how the product is sold, implemented and built, supported and decommissioned. This includes identifying updates for all sales and support processes as well as defining, documenting, and testing all appropriate system change requirements. Throughout the life of the product, Operations Engineers are also responsible for process improvement and increased revenue recognition. The team interacts with all parts of the business (such as Sales, Support, Data Centers, Supply Chain, Finance, IT, and Legal) to ensure needs are met and the product is supported correctly.

Key Performance Indicators:

KPIs Include (not limited to):
Architect processes for sales, provisioning, billing, and support and complete relevant documentation.
Develop operational systems requirements for new products and features.
Implementation and testing of operational system changes and processes
Training plan, content and delivery for Provisioning (CVP, Implementation, etc) and support teams.
Root cause analysis of operational product issues and implementation of process and system improvements.
Escalation support as needed by other Rackspace teams.
Project complexity is low to medium.
Project scope is limited to improvements or feature additions to existing products or low complexity new product development.
Works under medium level of supervision of manager or senior Product Operations Engineers
MAIN CONTACTS (external/internal):
Contact

Frequency

Purpose
Partner with Product Managers

Daily during launch activities, weekly otherwise

Determine process and system designs to best meet product requirements.
Partner with Product Architects, Engineers, and development teams

Daily during launch activities, weekly/monthly otherwise

Ensure process and system designs are in synch with product specifications
Sales and Support teams

Daily

Enable sales

To provide support for new products or features
Product Configuration

Daily

Deal with approvals to enable sales & implementation

Ensure Quoting items align with new features or changes

Ensure devices in the Customer Database reflect new features or changes as necessary
Contract Verification Processing (CVP)

Weekly during launch activities, as needed otherwise

Documenting verification rules, process billing setup.

Dealing with miss-configuration incidents
Implementation Coordinators, Technical Build Teams & DCOPs

Daily during launch activities, as needed otherwise

Documenting product setup in multiple systems.

Documenting hardware configuration for Data Center setup

Documenting technical configuration for Technical Build Teams

Documenting Customer Handover procedures and templates
Supply Chain

Daily during launch activities, as needed otherwise

Ensuring that supply chain understands product demand and has necessary inventory on hand to meet demand. Determine lead times for implementation
Legal

Weekly during launch activities, as needed otherwise

Ensure that product terms & conditions still apply or are appropriately updated to reflect new features or changes to existing product
Marketing

Weekly during launch activities, as needed otherwise

Ensure that Marketing Information is still applicable or are appropriately updated to reflect new features or changes to existing product
IT (TES)

Weekly during launch activities, as needed otherwise

Ensure updates to business automation, ticket routing or ticket queue are appropriate for the new features or changes.
Contact

Frequency

Purpose
Partner with Product Managers

As needed

Determine process and system designs to best meet product requirements.
Partner with Product Architects, Engineers, and development teams

As needed

Ensure process and system designs are in synch with product specifications
Partner with Program and Project Managers

As needed

Set Ops deliverables to keep projects on track.
Sales and Support teams

As needed

To provide support for new products or features

PERSON SPECIFICATION:
Master collaborator, ability to work with different opinions and drive to help get things done
Intermediate knowledge of the theory and application of technology principles in the Hosting industry.
Strong technical knowledge of data centers and the IT industry.
Solid understanding of product design, testing and business challenges.
Working knowledge of the product development life cycle.
Creative ability to participate in problem solving and troubleshooting.
Ability to communicate technical info and ideas to non-technical audiences. Ability to successfully work and promote inclusiveness in small groups.
Strong knowledge of Rackspace internal operations and systems.
Ability to lead problem solving and troubleshooting activities and drive consensus in group meetings
Solid experience with process engineering and implementing process efficiencies
Solid experience with operational integration and process engineering
Experience working with Agile development teams highly preferred.
Tenacious problem solver, will own issues until full resolution
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal with great attention to detail
Strong rapport and relationship building skills with both internal departments and external customers
Able to take ownership of assigned projects and work to completion autonomously or with little supervision
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering related field or equivalent work experience
