RESPONSIBILITIES

Utilizes advanced skills to perform complex preventive maintenance and corrective repair of buildings, industrial systems, vehicles, equipment and grounds. Working under limited supervision, monitors building system operations and performance. Utilizes several trade skills such as carpentry, plumbing, electrical, painting, roofing, heating and cooling.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Complies with all applicable codes, regulations, governmental agency and Company directives related to building operations and work safety.

Inspects building systems including fire alarms, HVAC, and plumbing to ensure operation of equipment is within design capabilities and achieves environmental conditions prescribed by client.

Oversees and inspects the work performed by outside contractors. Contracted work includes landscaping, snow removal, remodeling, HVAC, plumbers, and cleaning.

Performs assigned repairs, emergency and preventive maintenance. Completes maintenance and repair records as required.

Reviews assigned work orders. Estimates time and materials needed to complete repair. Orders necessary materials and supplies to complete all tasks.

Maintains an energy management program to ensure measures are taken to operate all systems in the most efficient manner to keep operating costs at a minimum.

Maintains the building lighting system, including element and ballast repairs or replacements.

Performs welding, carpentry, furniture assembly and locksmith tasks as needed.

Responds quickly to emergency situations, summoning additional assistance as needed.

Performs other duties as assigned.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as technical guidance and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate work and assign tasks.
QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE

High school diploma or general education degree (GED) and a minimum of four years of related experience and/or trade school training.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES

Universal CFC certification preferred. Additional certification in one or more of the following: electrical, mechanical, HVAC and refrigeration systems, process controls, mechanical power transmissions, painting, plumbing, carpentry or engine repair. Certifications/licenses as may be required by local or state jurisdictions.

COMMUNICATION SKILLS

Ability to comprehend and interpret instructions, short correspondence, and memos and ask clarifying questions to ensure understanding. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, and/or supervisor. Ability to effectively present information to an internal department and/or large groups of employees.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE

Requires basic knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate simple figures such as percentages.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situation where only limited standardization exists. Requires intermediate analytical skills.

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES

Uses personal computer and / or PDA for work order system, email, ESS and training. Basic skills with Microsoft Office Outlook. Physical requirements include stooping, standing, walking, climbing stairs / ladders and ability to lift / carry heavy loads of 50 lbs. or more.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Decisions made with general understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor.

SAFETY

Responsible for personal safety and the safety of those who are affected by your work. This includes but is not limited to:
Complete all required and assigned HSE training at a satisfactory level
Follow all activity policies and procedures, including all HSE-related requirements at all times
Participate in all HSE-related programs & activities as required, including incident investigations, interviews, auditing and assessment, etc.
Report any conditions which you feel could result in an accident or injury and / or stop work if required
