BUILD your career with a company dedicated to growth through multi-level advancement opportunities within various disciplines. Empowered by leadership, our team of IT professionals works in an environment of agile development, focused on creating the tools necessary to aid effective enterprise management and data analysis.

LIVE your passion in an organization that supports work-life flexibility and gives you the opportunity for learning and career development. Our teams are built on camaraderie establishing a community of free thinkers who treat each other like family.

CREATE our future of innovation by developing the newest solutions. We pride ourselves on ahead-of-the-curve thought leadership to ensure we operate in a fast-paced environment that drives change.

We are the strategic enablers helping our businesses succeedwe are Harland Clarke IT professionals.

Harland Clarke is a leading provider of customer engagement solutions that help connect businesses and people how, when, and where it matters. The company offers payment tools such as checks and cards; and marketing services such as deposit and loan acquisition programs, digital marketing, performance analytics and promotional products for businesses. It deploys these solutions holistically, across print, phone, and digital channels, ensuring that the customers of its world-class client base enjoy a consistently superior experience. Harland Clarke is a wholly owned subsidiary of Vericast (http://www.vericast.com). For more information, visit www.harlandclarke.com or follow Harland Clarke on LinkedIn and on Twitter @HarlandClarke.

Rewards

· Take charge of your future with our generous 401K savings plan with company match, which is vested from day one.

· Participate in our company wide well-being program that also serves to lower your annual health insurance premiums.

· Explore new education opportunities with our tuition reimbursement plans.

· We offer work-life flexibility, meeting personal obligations along with professional success

JOB SUMMARY
An Engineer is a problem solver who analyzes models/designs creates modifies and supports a set of complex systems processes or operations that enable business capabilities.
KEY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES
Design, build and test software using Agile Development Methodologies.
Ability to create elegant solutions to complex distributed computing challenges.
Take ownership of features and drive them to completion.
Ability to take high level requirements, review them with stakeholders; design, develop, and test solutions.
Develop across multiple projects and applications in short cycles.
Communicate status of work initiatives to teammates and managers.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree (Required)
In lieu of the above education requirements, a combination of experience and education will be considered.
Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience.
EXPERIENCE
3+ Years with Bachelors degree or 9+ years work experience
Average ability to use a computer
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES
5+ years ASP.NET e-commerce Web Development experience using WebForms and MVC.
Experience coding in C# and VB.Net using .Net Frameworks 4.0-4.5.
Hands-on experience with JavaScript, jQuery, and HTML5.
Some experience with responsive JS/CSS frameworks such as Twitter Bootstrap, Vue.js, or Angular.
Solid understanding of OOP/OOD principles and scalable architectures.
Experience working with Visual Studio 2010 or higher and Team Foundation Server.
MS SQL Server 2012 or higher experience, including the ability to write complex queries, procedures, and functions.
Some experience with Oracle PLSQL Packages is preferred.
Experience building SOAP and RESTful Web services.
Experience configuring Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS).
Ability to resolve cross browser compatibility issues.
Ability to handle all phases of the development process including analysis, component design, coding, testing, documenting, and deploying.
Understanding of the Agile development model.
COMMUNICATION AND CONTACTS

Communicates directly with internal and external customers.

OTHER

· Security Sensitive Position.

Supervisory Responsibilities:None

Harland Clarke considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other classifications protected by law. In addition, Harland Clarke will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities by contacting our recruiting coordinator,, Julia Mattox at .

EEO is the law. To review your rights under Equal Employment Opportunity please visit: www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf.
