Click on"Learn more about this agency" button below for IMPORTANT additional information.

The primary purpose of this position is to serve as a professional computer engineer, performing design duties in support of an organization.

IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: You MUST provide transcripts to support your educational claims. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.BASIC REQUIREMENT:
The individual occupational requirement (IOR) typically provide at least two methods for applicants to meet the basic requirements of the occupations covered by this standard:
Applicants who meet the basic requirements described in the individual occupational requirements are fully qualified for the specified entry grade (generally grade GS-5). Applicants who wish to qualify for positions at higher grade levels (generally grade GS-7 and above) must meet the basic requirement as well as additional requirements reflected.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:
GS-07: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-05. Examples of specialized experience include providing analysis of system capabilities and limitations and providing consultation for technical groups requiring scientific computer.

GS-09: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-07. Examples of specialized experience include developing, designing and furnishing engineering assistance on projects relating to test equipment software, Operation Flight Program, software simulation systems and other systems applicable to software development and support.

GS-11: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-9. Examples of specialized experience include developing and managing computer science and/or computer engineering projects, such as network design, network communications theory, systems security, security architecture, network intrusions and/or security management techniques.

GS-12: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11. Examples of specialized experience include management and directing of assigned IT systems and programs for complex programs and/or projects.

GS-13: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12. Examples of specialized experience include identifying, preparing and presenting detailed technical reports and briefings on new concepts and technical directions impacting programs/projects, and defining future technology requirements.

GS-14: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13. Examples of specialized experience include planning, organizing, and managing branch level activities and developing goals and objectives that integrate organization and objectives for computer engineering programs.

GS-15: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-14. Examples of specialized experience include providing technical leadership, advice, and assistance on complex, controversial or precedent setting matters and dealing tactfully and effectively with high level officials, engineers and scientists.

OR

To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF
?
AND

Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/all-professionalengineering-positions-0800/

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/ or competencies in the following areas:
Knowledge of professional computer engineering concepts, principles, and practices familiarity with other engineering disciplines (electrical, mechanical, and aerospace) and Information Technology (IT) architecture.
Knowledge in systems engineering concepts, principles, and practices applicable to software/hardware development functions Knowledge of standard acquisition regulations, practices, and procedures.
Ability to analyze data and communicate results in oral and written presentations.
Ability to apply systems and software engineering principles and emerging software and hardware technologies to complex processes and plan/organize work.
Ability to research, analyze and interpret guidance and determine applicability and impact to the organization and its operations.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
