WHO WE ARE:
----------
Dizzion brings the power of cloud computing to the desktop by
enabling end users to securely access applications and data from
any device, anytime, anywhere.

The Virtualization Support Engineer I (VSE) is critical to the
success of our customers. The selected candidate will primarily
be responsible for handling operations, provisioning and support
of customers on our Cloud Delivered Desktop platform. This
unique technical position will support every aspect of the
customer from sales thru support. This individual will be
responsible for establishing a relationship with our customers
and will be the face and voice of Dizzion.

WHO YOU ARE:
-----------
You are passionate about technology
A self-starter who can move projects forward by filling the
gaps on agile teams
An expert troubleshooter and loves solving technical problems
A humble heart for serving team members and customers
Able to Maintain critical infrastructure systems and
applications including, Active Directory, VMware vSphere, VMware
vCloud Director, VMware vShield, PowerShell, PERL, VB scripting,
Monitoring, DHCP, Lite-touch automated deployment and DNS
services
Have experience providing VMWare, networking, Windows
server/desktop Support in a 24x7 NOC setting
Have achieved Microsoft certifications MCITP, MCTS and or MCSE
preferred
Have VMware Certified Professional (VCP preferred)
Have a Bachelors degree in IT technology- related discipline
preferred
Have a growing passion learning about network communications
and system security standards

WHAT YOULL DO ON THE DIZZION OPERATIONS TEAM:
---------------------------------------------
Maintain critical infrastructure systems and applications
Innovate, find new and better ways of supporting and delivering
services to our customers
Own the customer relationship! You will be handling operations
and making sure our customers installations go smoothly and that
they love the product
Work with a fast paced team of Dizzion employees
WHAT YOU WILL ACHIEVE FROM YOUR ROLE:
------------------------------------
Gain startup working experience
Experience working with cutting edge technology
Satisfaction from delighting customers daily
3 REASONS YOU SHOULD APPLY:
--------------------------
Dizzion made Inc.5000 top companies to watch list in 2017 and
we plan to make many more list in 2018!
Virtual desktops are the future of end user computing get in
on the ground floor of technology.
Have a chance to make an impact on a fast growing startup
company and leave your mark on the business.

This role will be based at our San Antonio Dizzion office.

Please contact us at careers@dizzion.com (
careers@dizzion.com?subject=Virtualization%20Support%20Engineer
) and reference Virtualization Support Engineer in the subject
line. Please include your resume and cover letter.
