Abacus Technology is seeking a Software Engineer to support full life cycle software solutions for the Command, Control, Communication, Intelligence and Networks (C3I&N) Directorate at Lackland AFB. This is a full-time position.

Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming. Improve operations by conducting systems analysis; recommend changes in policies and procedures. Obtain and license software by obtaining required information from vendors; recommend purchases; test and approve products. Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed. Develop software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development life cycle.

10+ years experience in software engineering including at least 5 years in a DoD environment. Bachelor’s degree in a related field. Additional years of experience may be substituted for degree requirements. In-depth experience with all phases of the software development life cycle and knowledge of a wide array of software languages. Experience with software design and working closely with the end user to verify product will meet business requirements. Capable of working with the network or systems team to ensure proper integration of software applications into the existing infrastructure. Must be detail oriented and have excellent problem-solving and analytical abilities. Requires good communications skills and the ability to work professionally with all levels of an organization. Must be a US citizen and hold a current Secret clearance.
Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
