Job Title: Virtualization Engineer/Architect
Location: San Antonio, TX, 78236
Duration: Permanent

Clearance Required: Active Top Secret clearance
Certification Required: Security+ CE or equivalent certification. (IAT Level II/III)

Job Description:
Support the development, engineering and maintenance of policies and procedures, including instructions, for the installation, operation, back up, data recovery, configuration, administration, hardening, system maintenance, and troubleshooting of "big data" analysis capabilities.
This includes several Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) packages such as ArcSight, Splunk, Nessus, Torch Point, or Free-and-Open-Source- Software (FOSS) such as Elk and other Security information and event management (SIEM) analytical engines.
All of these services operate in virtual machines using VMware and ESXi as the host environment.
Working knowledge of *nix, Windows operating systems, xaml, C#, PowerShell and VBscript.
Thorough understanding of Windows Server Management.
Have extensive experience with virtual applications such as but not limited to VMware vSphere, vCenter, ESXi, Windows Server Management, and other similar products and environments.
Required Experience:
Extensive systems & infrastructure engineering; including large complex programs
Microsoft Windows Server and Workstation Engineering
Microsoft Windows Active Directory Administration
VMWare Engineering
LINUX Administration (RedHat Experience Preferred but not required)
Enterprise Storage Administration
Basic Network Administration.
About our Company: -

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
