Job Summary:
Join the Space Science and Engineering Division to perform analog and mixed-signal design and engineering. Design and deliver analog and mixed-signal systems for science instruments on space flight missions and collaborate with scientists and engineers across technical boundaries to develop instrument concepts and prototype detectors and electronics in laboratory vacuum systems. Write requirement and specification documents. Design flight electronics to meet high-reliability requirements that are necessary for spacecraft missions. Troubleshoot engineering hardware in cooperation with software engineers. Write procedures and conduct comprehensive hardware verification tests. Deliver presentations to peers and NASA representatives in formal design reviews. Provide support for instrument qualification tests and calibration, including field tests at customer facilities (e.g. NASA centers and Government Laboratories). Participate in commissioning and operation of science instruments after they have been launched into space. Limited travel may be required to the facilities of other instrument team members to participate in design meetings or systems integration and testing.

Education/Experience:
Requires a BS or a MS degree in Electrical Engineering or closely related engineering degree. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in Analog Design, Mixed Signal Design, Altium or OrCAD for schematic capture and circuit simulation. Must have 1-4 years of experience. Must possess good analog design and simulation skills; Must have good analysis and troubleshooting skills; Must have some experience using one or more schematic capture and PCB layout tools such as, but not limited to, OrCAD and Altium. Must have good basic mathematical and data analysis skills. Must possess basic digital design skills and be proficient with laboratory electronics test equipment. Must have basic programming skills using Python. You should understand how relevant digital and analog circuit elements work at more than a basic level and be capable of independently researching and procuring parts, generating schematics, simulating those schematics to verify operation and seeing your designs through prototyping, fabrication, test, implementation and deployment. PCB layout experience is a plus. PCB population and rework skills using manual techniques or a reflow oven would also be a plus. Strong communication skills, including both verbal and written are required. Field support may require limited travel to customer facilities. A valid/clear driver's license is required.

Special Considerations:
Must be a U.S. citizen or Permanent Resident due to ITAR work in section.
