Applied Research Solutions is looking for a full-time System Interoperability and Integration Engineer SME at San Antonio, TX and Colorado Springs, CO. Responsibilities:
Provides program oversight and management of the task order and implement knowledge in technical requirements development, planning, cybersecurity, and Information Assurance (IA).
Implement Knowledge of Electromagnetic Environmental Effects (E3) analysis, spectrum management, standards implementations, IT analysis, engineering analysis, and test and control functions
Ensure integrated system elements satisfy compatibility and performance requirements (i.e., operational, technical, derived, horizontal, and inherited) established over the life cycle of weapon systems.
Exercise Command, Control, Communications (C3), IT, and ISR System of Systems Interoperability Analysis; machine to machine data flows and exchanges technology analysis and testing.
Spearhead mission planning processes, architecture development and analysis; COMSEC, management process; Communications Engineering; Interoperability Testing; Standards Conformance; and encryption technology analysis.
Analyze protection technologies for Critical Protected Information (CPI) and technologies; technical adequacy and compatibility of system interfaces; and unmanned and manned aircraft integration.
Develop and analyze weapon system interfaces, technologies, and solutions that allow the standards-based and secure interaction between the weapon system, C3, and ISR system of systems.
Provide engineering capability in support of embedded (within weapon physical, power, and environmental constraints) communications and other information technology systems and subsystems that facilitate weapon employment in secure, networked environments. Qualifications/ Technical Experience Requirements: Minimum Qualifications
Active Secret Clearance required;
Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field
Minimum 3 years of experience with Secure User Interaction with Networked C3, IT, and ISR System of Systems or Multi-Service Strategic, Theater, and Tactical Logistics IT Systems
7 years of interoperability and integration engineering experience
Ability to develop a highly effective working relationship with the customer Preferred Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI preferred;
Masters Degree in Electricral Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience
3 years of experience using the Sparx and or Magic Draw applications for development of DoDAF 2/SysML architecture products
Experience working with DevOps and agile methodologies are preferred
Excellent customer service, leadership, communication and interface skills All positions at Applied Research Solutions are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check. This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.
This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
