Overview Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse. Responsibilities The Data Engineer will need to demonstrate experience and knowledge of Activity Management, Requirement Identification, and Project Programming Programs or cross-Directorate programs which are still under development and need support to meet the end-state. Develop life-cycle sustainment and risk mitigation strategy recommendations for two FYDP's for each portfolio. Analyze built infrastructure data, aggregate requirements, assesses asset performance predictions from SMS, analyze statistics and trend across portfolios, validate data, perform data management, compile other summarizing reports for each AMP portfolio, and recommend enhancements to processes. Support AMP Enterprise Managers with the development of portfolio-specific SEED's to support Installation Development Plans (IDPs) and the Enterprise Planning Process. Maturation of Requirement Identification by analyzing built infrastructure data, aggregating requirements, assessing asset performance predictions from SMS, analyzing statistics and trends across portfolios, validating data, performing data management, compiling other summarizing reports for each AMP portfolio, and recommending enhancements to process. Assisting in the AFCAMP process, establishment of document templates/tools, logistic support, training, and process refinement recommendations associated with the maturation of the AFCAMP process. Qualifications * BA/BS or MA/MS degree in the field(s) of Data Engineering and Information Technology * 3 to 10 years of related experience in Web Based Application Design, Data Management, Document Management/Repository * Active Public Trust clearance Qualifications - Desired * Air Force Activity Management Experience Additional Requirements The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described. Disclaimer Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation. Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco. If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation. Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. Rewards and Benefits Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Benefits include: Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance 401(k) Retirement Plan Basic Life & Supplemental Life Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities Skills Development & Certifications Employee Referral Program Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
