Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is currently supporting an innovative research and development project, implementing needs for an operational USAF customer that provides a dynamic / on demand infrastructure.

Responsibilities include:
Support local development infrastructure to include extensive virtualized and physical components
Provide innovative and creative development operations (devops) to agile development team, including administration of support applications (jira, confluence, etc) and writing / applying system scripts.
Create procedures and documentation of system design to support new requirements and tasks
Conduct research and development tasks related to future enhancements, as well as diagnose and resolve bugs
Provide tier 3 support to an operational system
Basic Qualifications:
One or more of the following areas of demonstrated expertise:
Software Development in Python
DevSecOps (docker, kubernetes, ansible)
Networking (Cisco, SDN, NSX, TCP/IP stack)
Systems (Windows, Linux)
Virtualization (VMware, ESXi, vSphere)
Must be able to work independently
Desired Skills:
Prior experience supporting the United States Air Force (USAF) or other Department of Defense (DoD) organization
VMware Certified Professional 6 Network Virtualization (VCP6-NV)
Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing & Switching (CCNA)
CompTIA Security+ certified
Experience supporting technical development projects using an Agile / Scrum methodology
Experience with software defined networking (SDN / NSX).
Active DoD TS/SCI security clearance
Clearance:
Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
