Responsibilities/Qualification

With more than 80 years of experience engineering science and technology solutions to support national security, Alion supports clients with big ideas and real solutions

Job Description

Alion Science and Technologies Advanced Cyber Operations division is looking for highly qualified analyst candidates to work within a cohesive team of intelligence professionals providing 24/7 intelligence operations in support of Component Commanders producing relevant products to the war fighter. The Senior Analyst will research and produce intelligence products that provide accurate, time sensitive data to consumers. Knowledge of intelligence operations in the joint or Air Force environment is a must.

Summary of Duties and Responsibilities

The Senior Analyst/Engineer Level 2 will work closely with the customer ensuring all deliverables are accurate and provided on time.
Conduct all-source analysis and research on various database and IC community tools.
Produce accurate, timely, and relevant intelligence products for Component Commanders
Demonstrate superior writing and presentation skills to develop briefings, documents, papers, conceptual, and analytical reports for clients.
Ensure goals of customer satisfaction and member performance are tracked and met.
Maintain and comply with security procedures in the performance of duties.
Education & Requirements
M.S in a related technical field
B.S. in a related technical field
In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted for applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience
Certifications:
Successful completion of DoD sponsored Analysis and Production training preferred
Experience (required and/or preferred)
Minimum 3 years’ experience in Analysis and Production management within an ISR environment
KSAs
Must hold a current TS/SCI clearance.
*CJ

*NF

Security Clearance

Top Secret/Sensitive Comp Info

Diversity Statement

We are an EOE that values our employee’s talent – regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, religion or other protected characteristics – Your Talent Is Our Strength.

Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information.

U.S. Citizenship Required for the majority of our positions.

]]>
