Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented ETL Engineer Senior Level for our San Antonio, TX facility. Provides support to the Enterprise and has an opportunity to significantly impact organizational growth and effectiveness through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include; gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting and implementing software, responding to outages. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.
Job Requirements


ABOUT USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

ABOUT USAA IT

Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 12 million members who rely on us every day.

We are over 4,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on Agile principles. We've been in Computerworlds 100 Best Places to Work in IT and named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine.

See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:
USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test significant technical solutions collaborating with senior and lead engineers.
Lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level.
Organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions.
Independently resolves complex production issues and leads troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions that span multiple applications and systems.
Mentor and coach junior engineers.
May begin working with architecture to help influence directions for key technologies within a specific domain.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree in related field of study, OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required
6 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s).
Demonstrated ability to independently research technical issues and generate creative/innovative solutions.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS
6 years of experience with DataStage or informatica
Expert experience with SQL
Experience with Unix scripting
Experience with Control-M or other scheduling software
Experience with 1 or more reporting tools (Business Objects, Tableau)
Experience with Financial Services Data
Knowledge of Agile SDLC processes like Scrum, Kanban or SAFe
DESIRED CHARACTERISTICS

USAA ETL Engineers create innovative solutions that impact our members. Collectively, we are:
Curious and excited by new ideas
Energized by a fast-paced environment
Able to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology
Comfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivated
Community-focused, dependable and committee
Exceptionally detail-oriented
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 5/06/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
