Job Description
Job Description

The Solution Engineer will work alongside our passionate sales team as a technical advisor and product advocate. As a Solutions Engineer, you will be required to conduct discovery calls with our trained Account Executives, draft and deliver presentations, drive the value of WellAware Platform, and architect customized hardware and software solutions for the client.

To ensure success as a Solutions Engineer, you should have in-depth knowledge of Cloud, SaaS and hardware systems, a passion for sales, and high-level communications skills. Ultimately, a top-notch Solutions Engineer drives sales by creating specialized business software solutions, tailor-made to the customer's needs.

Core Roles and Responsibilities
Provide technical analysis and development on client discovery calls with Account Managers for a variety of sales vertical markets.
Assist Account Executives to identify and qualify business opportunities.
Strategizing with the sales team to create customized solutions.
Drafting and delivering presentations on targeted products.
Designing and installing customized software and hardware solutions for the customer.
Testing the performance of the installed system and fixing bugs.
Providing post-installation follow-ups.
Developing relationships and maintaining customer relations.
Supporting the sales team with all technical related queries.
Work with Account Managers to develop strategies and solution-based value selling to all levels of customers, across all product and vertical markets.
Demonstrate business value/ROI of implementing WellAware’s solution based on customers data.
Work directly with customers to understand customer use cases and applications and devise strategies to help customers succeed in their initiatives.
Build a long-lasting partnership with customers by providing functional product and solutions expertise, putting the customer first while meeting or exceeding customer expectations.
Coordinate closely with Platform & Solutions team on inbound opportunities to determine technical feasibility and implementation details based on business and technical requirements.
Complete other duties as assigned by Director or Solutions Engineering
Solution Engineer Minimum Requirements
7+ years of Enterprise SE experience in industrial markets such as oil & Gas, electric power, water system, utilities or other relevant industry.
Familiarity with industrial hardware and software systems.
Understanding of cloud architectures (AWS, Azure, etc.)
Understanding of Data Security and General Idea of Security Model
Ability to work with all internal teams to map out requirements
General understanding of IIOT
General understanding of SCADA systems a plus
High-level communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to create big-picture software solutions.
Attention to detail and ability to effectively present solution details in a clean, simple, user friendly way.
Sales or technical sales experience a plus.
Ability to work, adapt and change in a fast paced start up environment.
Willingness to travel 20-50% to customer locations for demo’s, site surveys and installation support.

Company Description
WellAware, an industrial IoT (Internet of Things) partner, offers a flexible, cloud-based platform to improve existing business models with the latest technology and high quality data. Our end-to-end solution provides reliable data collection, exception-based monitoring, and actionable analytics, which lead to improved business outcomes and optimized workflow. Based in San Antonio, Texas, the company has built a world-class team of management and advisors from the industry. To learn more about WellAware, please visit wellaware.us
