Job Description


Job #: 1063917

If interested, please email your updated resume to Julia Hogan at jhogan@apexsystems.com

Employment Type: Full Time

Job Title: Senior Systems Engineer

Location: USA-TX-San Antonio- Lackland AFB

Overview:

Systems Engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience. Agile experience preferred.

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:
Department of Defense TS/SCI security clearance is required at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Qualifications:

We are seeking a motivated engineer, able to develop strong Customer relationships in San Antonio, TX on Lackland Air Force Base (AFB). We have an upcoming opening on the team for a motivated Senior Systems Engineer to help advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation's core defense/intelligence services and systems. The successful candidate will work with the existing Internal Audit (IA) Team to ensure overall team performance and accountability is consistent with the Sponsor’s expectations and regulations. This is a challenging yet rewarding position that provides an opportunity to leverage cutting edge technologies in pursuit of a vital mission that protects people, sensitive information/technologies, and the national security posture of the USAF. Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do.

What you bring to the table:
A Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred
Strong knowledge of systems engineering concepts, principles and theories
Strong proficiency with requirements management & system modeling tools
Conducts systems analysis and development to keep systems current with changing technologies
Ability to identify and implement a data solution strategy
Demonstrates intellectual curiosity in exploring new technologies and finding creative ways to solve data management problems
Proficient understanding of cyber security specifications such as NIST SP 800-53 Risk Management Framework (RMF), other NIST Standards, DoDI 8500.2 , and other government security specifications and guidelines
Knowledge of TCP/IP, Internet Routing Protocols, private and public networks, VLANs, Firewalls, Load Balancers, addressing schemes, subnet creation and subnet masking
Knowledge of security systems such as firewalls, intrusion detection, two factor authentication, etc.
Proficient knowledge of current cyber security technology and trends
Ability to participate in security work groups
Knowledge of Linux Operating Systems (ie, RHEL, Debian, Ubuntu)
Knowledge of Windows Server, Windows Workstations.
Works under direction and in fast-paced environments
Excellent technical document preparation and verbal communication skills
Experience in SQL/NoSQL-based technologies
Duties may include installing new software, troubleshooting, granting permissions to applications and training users
Responsible for the configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of physical and virtual hardware using industry standard technologies
Configures, maintains and troubleshoots network related interfaces on servers
Performs OS and vendor software patching
Monitors Physical and Virtual Servers performance using monitoring tools such as Nagios and Ganglia
Installation, configuration, and management of Linux systems (Red Hat experience preferred)
Storage Area Networks
Clustered File Systems
System maintenance such as reviewing logs to resolve software and hardware problems
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
