Test Engineer/Coordinator- (346TS) TS/SCI level clearance Required!!!! Located at Lackland AFB., San Antonio, TX

Job Summary:


Member of a test team that plans, executes, and reports on operational test and evaluations of a cyber-weapon system. Applies knowledge of the operational test lifecycle. Incorporates broad technical knowledge in one or more areas on specific systems or applications. Requires knowledge of customary approaches, techniques, and requirements appropriate to the assigned legacy systems, current operational systems, and latest trends in related technologies for future weapon systems.

IPSecure, Inc.

In this portion of IPSecure Inc., youll shape the future of DoD Cyberspace Weapon Systems by addressing the cyber warfighter operational requirements with rigorous testing on enhancements to current systems or employment of future systems in live or operational representative environments. Team IPSecure builds and test the technology to tackle the toughest challenges and stay ahead of the latest threats. If you want to join an agile and growing company that makes a direct impact in the cyber fight against cyber criminals and threats, IPSecure is the place for you. Driven by passionate people who are dedicated to making the world safer, with room to grow and learn, its no wonder weve been named a Top Place to Work in San Antonio.

While you will be given lots of room to learn and grow, here are the starting requirements:
Active DoD TS/SCI government clearance in JPAS
Requires a DoD 8570 IAT level II certification or higher
Knowledge of operations test and evaluation types and applications for evaluating, analyzing, maintaining, managing, or improving cyberspace system performance.
Knowledge of operational test initiation, risk management, planning, execution, data collection, analyzing, evaluating, and reporting activities.
Knowledge of Headquarters Air Force and Air Combat Command Test and Evaluation directives.
The initiative to work the advancement of activity in a defined test process lifecycle.
Adept at problem solving, identifying risk, and clearly communicate results and recommendations to decision makers at all levels.
Intermediate level of experience in use Microsoft Office programs plus Project, Visio, SharePoint applications. Applies with minimal assistance.
MA/MS Degree. Preferred in Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering Management, or similar (4 years min experience)
Or, BA/BS Degree. Preferred in Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering Management, or similar (6 years min experience)
Or Cyber Weapon System operations, maintenance, or management (4 Years minimum)
Or High School Diploma (10 years min experience)
Travel of approximately five trips at two weeks or less duration.
Responsibilities:

Plan, execute test, and reports findings on the operational telecommunications or cyberspace system in operational realistic environments.
Utilizes specialized experience in evaluating, analyzing, maintaining, managing, or improving cyberspace and telecommunications system performance.
Analyzes and recommends solutions to problems associated with operating systems.
Applies manufacturer and government manuals and instructions or similar documents.
Detects, diagnoses, and reports severity and impact of related problems.
Makes recommendations to the test requestor regarding effectiveness, suitability, and security of proposed software/hardware, documentation, and training applications.
Provides documentation/project tracking and program management reporting.
Coordinates upgrade specifications and schedules with internal or external users to ensure proper integration on an event based timeline.
Ensures uninterrupted access to all telecommunication features in support of T&E efforts.
Must be familiar with a variety of the IT field's concepts, practices, and procedures.
Follows specific layout and diagrams to construct, implement, and operate devices and subunits of equipment.
Apply knowledge of the Department of Defense Acquisition process, Government types of funding, duration, and sources.
Apply knowledge of Department of Defense Operational Test & Evaluation (OT&E) process
Incorporate experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Task management to accomplish a variety of complicated tasks in a constrained time period.
Develop, present, and oversee documents, briefings, and meetings.
Incorporating a certain degree of creativity and latitude is expected.
Works effectively and efficiently under general supervision.
Reports to a project leader, supervisor, or manager.
Our Benefits!
We offer competitive benefit plans for medical, dental and vision.
Paid Time Off Accrued.
Educational Assistant Program.
Supplemental Insurance.
Short Term / Long Term Disability Insurance.
Paid Vacation, Holiday and Sick Leave.
Retirement Plan with Employer Contribution match.
**IPSecure is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status.***
