Abacus Technology is seeking a Systems Engineer to provide technical support for the Command, Control, Communication, Intelligence and Networks (C3I&N) Directorate at Lackland AFB. This is a full-time position.

Perform work that applies a broad theoretical and practical knowledge of system engineering to the acquisition process. Conduct reviews on program portfolio to evaluate and/or recommend alternative plans, improve systems engineering programs/processes, manage/sustain program technical baseline, and design/perform system level tests to assure that subsystems and system performance is achieved in accordance with approved specifications. Perform program reviews to evaluate alternative proposed plans, systems engineering programs, design and test results to assure that subsystem and system performance is achieved in accordance with program specifications. Prepare technical documents which define, specify, and recommend system/subsystem characteristics. Prepare management reports and conduct technical presentations for planning, implementation and corrective action using application of engineering economy principles. Perform validation of systems, including development of criteria and procedures. Analyze and/or evaluate results of major engineering systems. Provide system/program engineering, technical support and technical training to support programs/initiatives, including but not limited to: acquisition, development, integration, sustainment, continued evolution, deployment/fielding and installation, and operations oversight. Provide engineering support services and inputs to program and project risk management activities in compliance with Air Force SEAM processes.

10+ years experience in a systems engineering role including at least 5 years experience in a DoD environment. Bachelor’s degree in a related field. Additional years of experience may be substituted for degree requirements. Thorough understanding of application software, operating systems, networks, storage platforms, and how they relate to system architecture. Experience working on each stage of the system development life cycle from initiation through deployment/sustainment. Demonstrated proficiency with process modeling and developing workflow diagrams. Able to elicit and interpret requirements and translate to technical specifications/system design following best practices and design patterns. Capable of performing: problem/gap definition, trade space analysis, science and technology roadmap analysis, “Set based design” for concept development, Multi-Objective Decision Analysis (MODA) and cost versus capability trade off analysis. Able to communicate with management, technical staff, and end users in a clear and professional manner. Experience with engineering practices, techniques, and standards. Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to develop and present technical presentations. Able to represent complex data in diagrams or through other techniques that communicate precise information to both business and technical staff. Proven ability to understand the strategic and tactical approach to projects and handle multiple projects concurrently. Must be a US citizen and hold a current Top Secret clearance.
Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
