We are SO glad you are reading this! Are you a motivated, sharp GUI developer who can prototype and build in newer Javascript libraries like Angular and React? Great! But, before we go any further in this conversation, we have deal breakers. You must meet all the following criteria before applying.
You must be willing to work in the Annapolis Junction area.
You must have a current or active security clearance with poly.
Eight (8) years demonstrated experience in application design and development, to include experience with back-end database architectures, rational or cloud-based, and full lifecycle software development.
A Bachelor of Science degree in computer science, computer engineering, or information systems or related discipline may be substituted for four (4) years experience, or a Master of Science degree in computer science, computer engineering, or information systems or related discipline may be substituted for six (6) years of experience.
Four (4) years demonstrated experience in software development in object-oriented and scripted languages (e.g. Java Script, C++, Perl, Python, Ruby).
Two (2) years demonstrated experience leading teams on small to mid-size software development activities.
We're glad you're still reading. However, there's more!

These are also required skills:
5 years' development expertise
UX / UI / HCI Designer with JavaScript development experience
Data Visualization design
Experience with Angular, D3.js
Usability engineering experience
Now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about everyday life at ELEVI Associates as a Mid-level Software Engineer Subject Matter Expert at this level of your career. First, you willbe able to enjoy a work-life balance through our flexible PTO program along with other stellar benefits valued by our team members. As with the other contracts in our neck of the woods, the work you provide our customer is mission-critical, and you join many others in helping to optimize and keep safe the systems that accomplish the goals of protecting data, people and places.

Some of the day to day activities: participate in all phases of the software lifecycle from requirements definition through design, development, integration and test in various object-oriented and scripted languages (e.g. Java Script, C++, Perl, Python, Ruby). Apply industry best practices to all development efforts and review, analyze and modify software systems including coding, testing, debugging, installing and documenting. Support system administrators with the installation of software applications, develop training materials and mentor junior team members. Guide users in formulating requirements, advise on alternative approaches and conduct feasibility studies as required, and estimate resource requirements for software tasks for inclusion into project budget and schedule.

Yeah, that was a mouthful, but you get the picture!

If you're still reading and interested insecuringthe customer's workinto 2020and beyond,let's have a conversation over virtual coffee. We'll discuss the day-to-day highs and lows of this role and answer any of your questions in your first interview. Let's do this!

Every day we make great things happen to meet our customers' expectations. We look to YOU, the talent that makes it all happen.Come join the ELEVI Team!Do you need accommodations to apply? Let us know atiwanttowork@ELEVI.net.

We're an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicantswithout regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.
