Garver seeks a Traffic Engineer with experience in traffic design projects. Our Transportation Planning and Traffic Team is a growing, collaborative group offering our regional clients full-service transportation planning and traffic design capabilities. This position will have the opportunity to make a daily impact on Garvers projects by being involved in a variety of project-types with diverse clients and working collaboratively with internal project teams, to expand our transportation planning and traffic services through high-quality work.

Applicants must have excellent communication skills with a commitment to becoming a key member of this highly productive design team. This position will be supervised by a Senior Project Manager and offers outstanding growth opportunity and career advancement to the right individual.

The ideal candidate will be responsible for the following:
Prepare traffic signal designs
Prepare signing plans
Prepare ITS plans
Develop intersection improvement plans
Develop signal timing plans
Coordinate with multi-disciplinary teams and communicate concepts to clients
Assist with project management to identify project scopes, fees, and monitoring project progress.
Maintain a client-focused, service attitude by tracking budgets, and keeping projects on schedule.
Prepare project proposals and giving interviews for project pursuits
Perform direct client marketing and develop relationships with existing clients within our service area
Mentor less experienced staff
Grow With Us

Garver offers its employees programs such as company-paid professional memberships, company support for industry licenses and continuing education opportunities that foster a progressive atmosphere. Garver provides the tools, resources, and environment to develop leaders, stimulate ideas, and accomplish projects. By offering highly competitive salary packages, attractive benefits, a comprehensive wellness program and Corporate Wellness Coordinator Garver walks the talk when it comes to work-life balance.

Requirements
Bachelors degree in an ABET accredited engineering program.
Licensed Professional Engineer (PE).
Working knowledge of the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) and FHWA Sign Book
Working knowledge in capacity analysis
Working knowledge of Microstation and Synchro is required
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Preferred Skills
Preferred minimum of 5-20 years of experience in transportation planning and/or traffic engineering.
Masters degree in civil/transportation engineering
Experience using ArcGIS for data analysis
Experience with SignCAD and AutoTurn
Experience in marketing and managing local government projects
Founded in 1919, Garver is an employee-owned multi-disciplined engineering, planning, architectural, and environmental services firm with nearly 800 employees across the United States. Offering a wide range of services focused on aviation, construction, facilities design, federal, survey, transportation, and water, Garver sits in the top 125 of the Engineering News-Record's prestigious Top 500 Design Firms list and is consistently recognized as a best firm to work for. Learn more at GarverUSA.com.

Garver is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees. Our employment practices are based upon an individual's capabilities and qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other category protected by law.

#LI-CP1
