Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: San Antonio, TX

We are:

Accenture?Federal Services,?bringing together commercial innovation with the latest technology to unleash the potential for our federal clients. Operating in the nation's Capital, we stay ahead of what's coming next. Drawing from the power of Accenture, we deliver integrated, mobile and interactive experiences that exceed our people's expectations. Join us where ideas are freely exchanged, and concepts evolve into practical solutions.

You are:

An advanced senior Applied Intelligence professional looking to do meaningful work. The Senior Machine Learning Engineer develops machine learning solutions to meet business use cases and to support experimentation and innovation to advance mission outcomes. The engineer collaborates with business SMEs, architects, data engineers, developers and data scientists to identify innovative machine learning solutions that leverage data to meet business goals. The machine learning engineer ensures infrastructure and data pipelines are structured to deploy machine learning solutions.
Understands and translates business and functional needs into machine learning problem statements.
Translates complex machine learning problem statements into specific deliverables and requirements.
Designs and develops scalable solutions that leverage machine learning and deep learning models to meet enterprise requirements.
Works closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop machine learning algorithms
Works on Optimization of Neural Net and Deep Learning models for inference learning algorithms into production-level code.
Collaborates with development teams to test and deploy machine learning models
Creates metrics to continuously evaluate the performance of machine learning solutions.
Maintains and improves the performance of existing machine learning solutions.
Ensures adherence to performance standards and compliance to data security requirements.
Keeps abreast with new tools, algorithms and techniques in machine learning and works to implement them in the organization
Keeps abreast with new tools, algorithms and techniques in machine learning and works to implement them in the organization
