DescriptionThe Senior Software Engineer codes software applications based on business requirements. The Senior Software Engineer work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.ResponsibilitiesJoin us and be a part of the unique opportunity to transform Humana into a consumer focused healthcare leader backed by digital platforms. We're looking for someone who craves new challenges and solves hard customer problems using the latest in software technology that improve people's lives. In this role, you will directly work with key client stakeholders to define the business problem and determine solution requirements. You will be responsible for ensuring business value and communicating outcomes. You'll be part of a dynamic agile team to architect, implement, test and continuously deliver new features and products to our customers.The Senior Software Engineer standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software. Oversees testing and debugging and develops fixes. Researches complaints and makes necessary adjustments and/or recommendations to resolve complex software related issues. Begins to influence department's strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments.Required Qualifications+ Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field+ 5 or more years of experience designing, developing, and testing of software applications and/or infrastructure+ Proficiency in J2EE, Spring framework, Angular JS, REST APIs, JSON, XML, Maven, databases such as Oracle, PL/SQL, ETL etc.+ Effective communication and facilitation skills+ Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences+ Associates working in the state of Arizona must comply with the Tobacco Free Hiring Policy (see details below under Additional Information) and upon offer will be subjected to nicotine testing as part of a 10 panel drug testPreferred Qualifications+ Master's Degree+ Experience in No SQL DBs, Node.JS, Workflow applicationsOracle/Java Certification+ Familiarity with DevOps, CI/CD pipelines, automated testing, Cloud technology+ Current or prior Health Insurance or Healthcare IT project experienceAdditional InformationThe following policy applies ONLY to associates working in the state of Arizona:Humana is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment and to promoting the health and well-being of its associates. Effective July 1, 2011, Humana adopted a tobacco-free hiring policy that will promote a healthier workplace and will not hire users of tobacco and nicotine products. If you have any questions, please consult with your recruiter. Scheduled Weekly Hours40About UsMission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms -when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and that's why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity EmployerIt is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster.If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com for assistance.Humana Safety and SecurityHumana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com to validate the request.
