Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, youll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.

Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, mission oriented CNO Reverse Engineer in the San Antonio, TX area, with strong Customer relationships.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Reverse engineer system components as necessary.
Leverage debuggers such as GDB and WinDbg.
Leverage binary analysis tools such as IDA Pro.
Write software in C, Python, and assembly language.
Work and collaborate within an agile team.
Engage with the customer or representatives to fully understand the desired functionality and strive to develop the best technical solution.
Research and maintain proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, and trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, and network security and encryption.
Basic Qualification:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
Bachelors degree in one of the following disciplines: Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Software Engineering or a related field preferred
A passion for low-level / embedded software development and engineering
Strong grasp of operating system fundamentals, including interrupts, threading, virtual memory, device drivers and memory management techniques
Knowledge and understanding of operating system internals and the integration of code with the operating system kernel
Experience with reverse engineering
Experience in all phases of the software development life-cycle
Experience with test driven development and test automation
Experience with continuous integration
Security Clearance Requirement:
Active/current TS/SCI.
Applicants will be subject to a government security background investigation.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary work that primarily involves sitting/standing/walking/Talking and must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%.
Moving about to accomplish tasks or moving from one work site to another.
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
Requires frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations.
Communicating with others to exchange information.
Working with computers.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
