Job Description BAE Systems has an opportunity for a Test Engineer/Coordinator at Lackland AFB, TX.

This individual will be a member of a test team that plans, executes, and reports on operational test and evaluations of a cyber-weapon system. Applies knowledge of the operational test lifecycle. Incorporates broad technical knowledge in one or more areas on specific systems or applications. Requires knowledge of customary approaches, techniques, and requirements appropriate to the assigned legacy systems, current operational systems, and latest trends in related technologies for future weapon systems.

Responsibilities will include:
Plan, execute test, and reports findings on the operational telecommunications or cyberspace system in operational realistic environments.
Utilizes specialized experience in evaluating, analyzing, maintaining, managing, or improving cyberspace and telecommunications system performance.
Analyzes and recommends solutions to problems associated with operating systems.
Applies manufacturer and government manuals and instructions or similar documents.
Detects, diagnoses, and reports severity and impact of related problems.
Makes recommendations to the test requestor regarding effectiveness, suitability, and security of proposed software/hardware, documentation, and training applications.
Provides documentation/project tracking and program management reporting.
Coordinates upgrade specifications and schedules with internal or external users to ensure proper integration on an event based timeline.
Ensures uninterrupted access to all telecommunication features in support of T&E efforts.
Must be familiar with a variety of the IT field's concepts, practices, and procedures.
Follows specific layout and diagrams to construct, implement, and operate devices and subunits of equipment.
Apply knowledge of the Department of Defense Acquisition process, Government types of funding, duration, and sources.
Apply knowledge of Department of Defense Operational Test & Evaluation (OT&E) process
Incorporate experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Task management to accomplish a variety of complicated tasks in a constrained time period.
Develop, present, and oversee documents, briefings, and meetings.
Incorporating a certain degree of creativity and latitude is expected.
Works effectively and efficiently under general supervision.
Reports to a project leader, supervisor, or manager.
Required Skills and Education
Active DoD TS/SCI government clearance in JPAS
Requires a DoD 8570 IAT level II certification or higher
Knowledge of operations test and evaluation types and applications for evaluating, analyzing, maintaining, managing, or improving cyberspace system performance.
Knowledge of operational test initiation, risk management, planning, execution, data collection, analyzing, evaluating, and reporting activities.
Knowledge of Headquarters Air Force and Air Combat Command Test and Evaluation directives.
The initiative to work the advancement of activity in a defined test process lifecycle.
Adept at problem solving, identifying risk, and clearly communicate results and recommendations to decision makers at all levels.
Intermediate level of experience in use Microsoft Office programs plus Project, Visio, SharePoint applications. Applies with minimal assistance.
MA/MS Degree. Preferred in Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering Management, or similar (4 years min experience)
Or, BA/BS Degree. Preferred in Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering Management, or similar (6 years min experience)
Or Cyber Weapon System operations, maintenance, or management (4 Years minimum)
Or High School Diploma (10 years min experience)
Travel of approximately five trips at two weeks or less duration.
Preferred Skills and Education
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.
