Location: San Diego,California,United States


About Quartus


Quartus is made up of engineers from diverse backgrounds qualified to tackle the most rigorous technical challenges. We are solving complex engineering challenges in mechanical, optical, aerospace, and electrical systems.

What will you do?


As a Software Engineer you will develop software that meets the project and customer’s requirements as part of a cross-disciplinary team together with mechanical, hardware, and electrical engineers. You will gain exposure to new challenges that you have not seen before.

What is an example project?


Recently, our team had the opportunity to develop a full stack solution comprised of:
Machine automation driven by complex visual data analysis
Gathering and persisting data for use with machine learning
Intuitive and interactive system status displays powered by web-based communication
Back end logic responsible for coordinating multiple hardware systems and software services
Who is right for the job?


Projects will vary, but your fascination with and appetite to conquer new challenges will be a constant. We hire resourceful individuals with a passion for learning and an ability to apply engineering principles and techniques to solve a variety of problems.

What are we looking for?
BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related discipline
3-15 years of software development experience
Experience with .NET C#, C/C++ required
Experience with Microsoft cross platform initiatives including .NET Core, UWP and Xamarin
Experienced with user interface design (WPF, WinUI, etc.)
Knowledge and experience with communication protocols (UART, EtherCAT, UDP, TCP/IP, MODBUS, etc.)
Strong understanding of design principles, methodologies and patterns MVVM, Producer/Consumer, etc.
Experience working with asynchronous programming (Async/Await, Futures, etc.)
Demonstrated experience with designing and architecting mid to large size software applications
Demonstrate ability to compellingly present technical information to groups
US Person (US Citizen or US Permanent Resident)
Quartus is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans. Quartus provides comprehensive benefits including competitive salary, discretionary performance-based bonus, employee stock ownership plan, medical, dental, vision, and 401k plan with company match.

Apply to this job
