We are SO glad you are reading this! But, before we go any further in this conversation, we have deal breakers. You must meet all the following criteria before applying.
You must be willing to work in the San Antonio, TX area.
A CURRENT OR ACTIVE SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH POLY IS REQUIRED
Sixteen (16)+ years of demonstrated experience in database development for relational and/or cloud-based databases.
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Information Systems or related discipline may be substituted for four (4) years of experience, or a Master of Science degree in computer science, computer engineering, or information systems or related discipline may be substituted for six (6) years experience.
Oracle Database: Relational database design, some database administration, Oracle Label Security and data security concepts and Strong SQL skills (tuning/query): PL/SQL, Linux knowledge and scripting
Four (4)+ years combined experience in each of the following for relational and cloud-based databases:

-Database development and software engineering/development;

-Database Design and DataModeling;

-Requirements analysis/generation;

-Development systems and softwarearchitectures
Two (2)+ years of demonstrated experience in developing and maintaining automated installation scripts.
Six (6)+ years of demonstrated experience leading teams on small to mid-size development efforts and all phases of the development life cycle.
Demonstrated experience developing database solutions in a multi-tiered environment, and demonstrated knowledge of Public Key technologies (e.g. Public Key based authentication mechanisms) for applications, enabling, row and column security, Virtual Private Databases, and dynamically loading data to a database from XML.
We're glad you're still reading!

Now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about everyday life at ELEVI Associates as a Senior Database Engineer (DBE). First, you willbe able to enjoy a work-life balance through our flexible PTO program along with other stellar benefits valued by our team members. As with the other contracts in our neck of the woods, the work you provide our customer is mission-critical, and you join many others in helping to optimize and keep safe the systems that accomplish the goals of protecting data, people and places.

This is no small job. Some of the day-to-day activities: participate in the customer requirement definition phase, provide design recommendations, and conduct database application development. Evaluate design and implementation of existing database and application systems to ensure optimal efficiency and performance of deployed systems and participate in project test activities. Work with the Project Manager and other team members to gather requirements and design and implement applications in alignment with project schedule. Identify data sources, construct data decomposition diagrams, provide data flow diagrams and document the process. Additionally, write code for database access, modifications and constructions including stored procedures and incorporate best practices, standards and processes as well as draw on team expertise and other customer resources to provide timely, technically sound recommendations that meet customer requirements.

Yeah, that was a mouthful, but you get the picture!

If you're still reading and interested insecuringthe customer's workinto 2020and beyond,let's have a conversation over virtual coffee. We'll accommodate your schedule. We'll discuss the day-to-day highs and lows of this role and answer any of your questions in your first interview. Let's do this!

Every day we make great things happen to meet our customers' expectations. We look to YOU, the talent that makes it all happen.Come join the ELEVI Team!Do you need accommodations to apply? Let us know atiwanttowork@ELEVI.net.
