Senior Engineer

19-Jun-2020

Service Line
Facilities

Office Name
San Antonio

Job Description
Terracon's San Antonio, TX office is looking for a Senior Facilities Engineer to join our consulting team. You'll be joining a team that works directly with our Civil, Structural, Mechanical, and Electrical engineers as well as a team of Registered Professional Engineers, Building Enclosure Professionals, and Architects. We work with our Senior professionals and project teams to continually integrate and develop new and exciting technology for best-in-class project delivery and processes. For us, quality and doing what's right for our people and our clients is key. If you are up for an exciting and challenging opportunity and career, we look forward to visiting with you!

General Responsibilities:
In this role you will be responsible for growing Terracon’s Facility Condition Assessments (FCA) and building diagnostics services offerings primarily in the Texas market, and beyond. You will also be responsible for leading larger FCA projects. Diagnose and develop repair/restoration solutions for the built environment. This includes all major components and systems of buildings and other infrastructure. Projects range from property condition assessments and damage assessments to detailed evaluations of structural systems, foundations, building enclosure system , MEP systems, pavements, industrial floors, and construction materials. Assessment techniques include, visual examination, non-destructive testing, instrumentation and load testing, laboratory testing, and destructive examinations. Client deliverables range from reports of findings and recommendations to development of repair/restoration design documents and construction oversight/administration.

In the area of project management, you will prepare proposals and cost estimates, track and evaluate project progress, budgets, and recommend changes. Research and resolve design and construction problems. Assign, review, and evaluate laboratory or field data for inclusion in reports. Apply sound engineering principles and be able to communicate complex issues and concepts to technical and non-technical clients and project teams. Services may be provided for existing or proposed projects in the commercial, retail, multi-family, hotel, senior living, industrial and or governmental sectors.

Essential Roles and Responsibilities:
Drive business with new and existing clients and actively participate in the implementation of marketing strategies.
Play a leadership role in Terracon’s market for facility assessments and asset management
Manage or consult on complex facility assessment and asset management projects providing leadership and expertise to internal and external project teams.
Participate on and lead teams in the performance of building diagnostics projects that include, but are not limited to, damage assessments, distress studies, building enclosure assessments, roofing, façade, waterproofing, litigation support, field testing.
Peer review construction documents, protocols, Scopes of Work, and other similar documents associated with building design and repair/restoration.
Perform and/or direct field investigations, including damage and distress studies, , non-destructive testing and building enclosure fenestration/façade testing.
Prepare and write reports that are professional in language with a logical presentation of technical ideas and recommendations.
Prepare proposals, develop scope of services, establish fees, manage projects from personnel, financial and schedule standpoint.
Supervise and mentor younger, junior and/or less experienced Facilities division professionals to cross train on building enclosure services.
Participate in one or more technical/professional associations and assume leadership positions.
Work with existing clients to obtain additional work and develop new clients.
Lead technical training of project staff.
Play a leadership role in Terracon’s market for Facilities services.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or related building field and minimum of 10+ years’ experience in facility assessment. Due to nature of position, ideal candidate will have 20 years of experience.
Master’s degree preferred.
Valid driver’s license with acceptable violation history.
Professional Engineer licensure

Exemption
Exempt

Requisition ID
14368BR

Posting Title
Facilities Senior Engineer

Employment Type
Regular, Full Time

City, State (Office Location)
San Antonio, TX

About Terracon
Terracon is a 100 percent employee-owned consulting engineering firm providing quality services to clients. Since 1965, Terracon has evolved into a successful multi-discipline firm specializing in environmental, facilities, geotechnical, and materials services. Terracon currently has more than 5,000 employees in more than 150 offices with services available in all 50 states. Terracon’s growth is due to valued employees exceeding expectations in client service and growing their careers with new and exciting opportunities in the marketplace.

Terracon offers an excellent compensation and benefits package including: medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid holidays.

EEO Statement
Terracon is an EEO employer. We encourage qualified minority, female, veteran and disabled candidates to apply and be considered for open positions. We do not discriminate against any applicant for employment, or any employee because of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender, disability, age, or military status.

Job Category
Engineering

Terracon's COVID-19 Safety Response
Committed to Our Employee Safety!

Terracon is passionate about your safety before, during, and after the COVID-19 pandemic. As Terracon continues to move forward and grow through this time, we are continuing to take every precaution to ensure the safety of our employee-owners. If you are as committed to your success as we are committed to your safety, then Terracon is the company for you!

Our goal has not changed. For Terracon, our guiding principle has been and will continue to be the safety of our employee-owners. It’s that simple. We want our employees to be able to work safely in every situation and go home safely each night. As we continue our vision of being “Best at People,” here are some of the things Terracon is doing to safeguard every employee-owner:
On-going communication with ALL employee-owners on a dedicated COVID Response page, and a portal for their families to have access to resources as well
Requiring specific COVID-19 Pre-Task Safety Planning Protocols for all tasks and projects
Empowering employees to speak up and say “no” to working in unsafe conditions
Providing an additional 40 hours of sick leave to anyone impacted by COVID-19, including those impacted by daycare and school closures
Offering voluntary reduced work schedule for anyone needing extra time to care for others
Load leveling work assignments across regions to maintain high productivity and chargeability
Ensuring proper PPE and sanitation on all project sites by providing field employee-owners with mobile hand washing stations and supplies, masks, and sanitizing kits
Utilizing technology for more remote work opportunities and innovation using everything from video conferencing to drones
Following all CDC guidelines including social distancing on job sites, in offices, and in our labs
Implementing a stand-by leave program to ensure our employees continue service and health insurance benefits during regional work shortages
If your passion lies in working with a company that truly cares for your safety, and if you’re interested in belonging to a 100% employee-owned organization that will help you grow and quickly progress in your career, consider Terracon and apply today!
