Job Description Summary
Job Description


Staff Reliability Engineer is responsible for providing Reliability Engineering support to new product development programs, sustaining engineering programs, failure investigations, and the analysis of field reliability data through the application of Reliability engineering and other engineering skills for medical devices. This person may handle projects and tasks, from product inception through product launch and maintenance and play an active role in the processes to ensure products meet quality standards consistent with both Corporate and unit policies, while meeting all design control and other regulatory requirements.

Primary Responsibilities and Duties
Develop and execute Reliability Plans for new product development projects. This includes establishing the reliability plan deliverables and overseeing execution of plan deliverables. Reliability plan deliverables may include establishing reliability metrics/targets, performing FMEAs and/or Fault Trees, and creating reliability test plan strategies including reliability demonstration tests and reliability growth tests.
Provide reliability analysis for fielded products. This includes Weibull analysis and non-parametric methods to understand time to failure
Provide technical expertise to failure investigations.
Develop and manage the execution of reliability test plans to assess system or subsystem reliability
Provide critical review of reliability deliverables
Scope of Responsibility:
Will complete tasks as assigned by management
Will work as an individual contributor as part of project team in the areas of new product development, failure investigation of field issues, CAPA remediation activities, etc.
Strategic Orientation:
Contributes to the completion of specific programs and projects.
Helps to ensure quality conduct of projects, including design, metrics, data summary and interpretation and report generation
Sphere of Influence:
Works under specific direction.
Applies engineering skills to failure investigation and problem solving activities.
Qualifications
Requires a minimum of a Bachelors Degree in Engineering. Mechanical, Electrical or Reliability preferred.
At least 8 years of relevant experience or a combination of equivalent education and relevant experience.
Strong attention to detail, problem solving skills
Expertise with FMEAs, Fault Trees, Analysis of Reliability Test data, Reliability Test Planning
Mathematic and statistical proficiency
Technical writing
Computer skills (MS Excel, MS Word)
#LI-OPS

Primary Work Location
USA CA - San Diego TC Bldg C&D
Additional Locations
Work Shift
