Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Systems Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Over the last few decades the Modem systems group at Qualcomm has been instrumental in driving the mobile communication revolution which has touched every aspects of our modern life. From the early days of CDMA to 3G UMTS to 4G LTE , LTE Advanced and now onto 5G NR, Qualcomm modem systems group has been a key player in moving these technologies from concept to lab to actual mass scale real life deployments. You now have an opportunity of joining this team which drove the 4G LTE based smartphone revolution and is now best positioned to expand into new areas such as 5G NR, IoT, Vehicular communication(V2X). You can work in areas as diverse as 3GPP standardization efforts (in RAN2 and RAN4), high level architecture studies, modem algorithm design and development, Machine Learning and its application to WWAN Radio design, power efficient design, verification and commercialization. Get in on the ground floor of these new emerging technologies and help shape the future.

Minimum Requirements:
Masters degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD in Electrical & Computer Engineering.
Academic project experience or 1+ year industry experience in at least one or more of the following areas:
Communication theory, applied mathematics, RF interfaces and digital mitigation of RF distortion, low power design, signal processing, information theory, channel coding, probability and random processes, machine learning or Bayesian inference, or upper layer protocol design experience including 3GPP IMS, NAS, MAC/RLC/PDCP and RRC, IP, UDP, TCP, HTTP, routing etc.
Ability to program effectively in C/C++, Python and/or Matlab.
Experience with key machine learning tools/libraries (TensorFLow, PyTorch, Keras etc), neural networks architectures and building models
Experience with wireless standards (i.e. LTE/WiFi/5G/UMTS).
Modem architecture, software engineering and simulation design, microprocessor architecture, embedded software, data network protocols knowledge.
up to 4 year's Systems Engineering or related work experience.
up to 2 years' experience working in a large matrixed organization.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Passion for learning and intellectual curiosity.
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
