About Us


Life360 brings families closer with smart tools designed to protect and connect the people who matter most.

Known for first-to-market solutions for modern family challenges, Life360 recently reached #1 in Apple's US App Store's list of free social networking apps. Nearly 1 in 10 US families with kids use Life360 an average of 12 times a day, and global membership is growing exponentially, with over 28 million active users in over 140 countries as of March 31, 2020 making Life360 the largest mobile service for families in the world.

This reach gives us the opportunity to do unprecedented good for families through our valued core offerings: advanced location sharing, private messaging, driver monitoring, help alerts, 24/7 roadside assistance, and Crash Detection with emergency response. On average we respond to 1,000 roadside assists and dispatch 200+ ambulances each month to those in need.

Offering both free and paid memberships. In addition, the company has raised over $200 million in equity financing, and recently completed an IPO on the ASX exchange giving our employees the liquidity of a public company with the upside of a private growth stage business.

Life360's rapidly growing team of 150+ employees is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in San Diego, and Las Vegas.

About the Role

At Life360, we collect a lot of data: 60 billion unique location points, 12 billion user actions, 8 billion miles driven every single month, and so much more. As a Senior Data Engineer, you will contribute to enhancing and maintaining our data processing and storage pipelines/workflows for external and internal data consumers. You should have a strong engineering background and even more importantly a desire to take ownership of our data systems to make them world class.


Responsibilities:

Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design and develop resilient pipelines using a variety of different technologies.
Manage our data from ingestion through ETL to storage and batch processing.
Automate, test and harden all data workflows.
Architect logical and physical data models to ensure the needs of the business are met.
Participate in rotational on-call support and provide ongoing maintenance of all data infrastructure.
Be part of a fast growing data team handling massive scale with tons of automation.
Provide innovative solutions to challenging data projects and proof of concepts.
Education / Experience Requirements:
Minimum 4+ years of experience working with high volume data infrastructure.
Experience with AWS data related services.
Extensive experience programming in one of the following languages: Python / Java.
Experience in data modeling, optimizing SQL queries, and system performance tuning.
Knowledge and proficiency in the latest open source and data frameworks.
Experience evaluating industry trends and technologies.
Always be learning and staying up to speed with the fast moving data world.
Prefer candidates with AWS certifications.
Perks:


Fridays are Work From Home days at Life360
Competitive pay and benefits
Free snacks, drinks, and food in the office
Catered lunches throughout the week
Health, dental and vision insurance plans
401k plan
$200/month Quality of Life perk
An amazing office location within walking distance to the beach
Whatever makes you stronger makes us stronger. We buy you the things you need to improve yourself and get your job done.
This position is located in Encinitas, CA. It is not a remote role.
