Description

SAIC
is seeking a Sr. Network Data Center Engineer in San Diego, CA to support SCC-PAC.

Note: This role
requires up to 25% of CONUS/OCONUS travel where site-visits could last 30days
at a time.

Overview:

Provide
system development, system administration/configuration, installations, and
system testing of a mission-critical application utilizing
technologies/products for Program Executive Officer, Command, Control,
Communications, Computers, and Intelligence (PEO C4I) Program Manager Warfare
(PMW) 790 Shore Tactical Assured Command and Control (STACC) program

Job
Duties:
Conduct
installation of developed systems at locations designated by the project
lead.
Perform
engineering and functional analysis and integration of new components, systems
and/or networks within Engineering Change Request (ECR) process.
Support,
analyze, and troubleshoot hardware and software related problems; evaluate
associated programs and systems against requirements, and research methods and
procedures to verify compliance. System administration/configuration.
Provide
system engineering and network subject matter expertise to support the
installation, configuration and integration of systems and subsystems per
approved installation/configuration plans.
Provide technical input to all briefs, documents, drawings and other
deliverables/artifacts required in the Fleet Readiness Certification Board
(FRCB) process.
Conduct
integration and interoperability testing in support of new or updated
capabilities/components/applications/configurations.
Support
System Operational and Verification Testing (SOVT) in support of system
acceptance by government representatives.
Develop
test plans, test cases and associated test reports.
Produce
and maintain testing documentation and artifacts necessary to meet and maintain
government systems Configuration Management and Information Assurance
requirements.
Qualifications

Required Education and Experience
HS/GED and 13 years of experience OR Bachelors and nine (9) years or more experience; Masters and seven (7) years or more experience ; PhD or JD and four (4) years or more experience.
Active Secret Clearance with the ability to obtain a Top Secret/ SCI
CCNP Certification
10 years of IT experience
Network experience in designing, planning and implementing LAN-MAN-WANs using the industry-standard technologies
Core routing and switching experience
Experience installing and operating Brocade switches or similar switches.
Working knowledge of Fortigate Firewall security protection systems or other network security tools
Experience with Nutanix or other Hyper-converged solutions
Experience with data centers hosting of applications
Some RedHat and Windows Server Administrator experience
