Apply

Description

Position Summary

Poseida is seeking a highly capable and independent Scientist/Engineer to join our PD team to develop novel cell therapy processing platforms to support development of Poseida’s allogeneic cell therapy programs. She/he will work to improve the current process and develop a number of cutting-edge technologies in constant pursuit of the best possible way to deliver our proprietary technology (i.e. electroporation, microfluidics, etc.). She/he will also be responsible for cell processing, process engineering scale-up/scale-down and assessment of novel technologies. She/he will be expected to plan and execute process development, characterization, and qualification studies. Prepares study protocols, reports, technology transfer documentation, and regulatory documents for clinical trials. Presents study results at team or department meetings, to external partners, and at conferences. Position requires excellent communication and presentation skills, a proven ability to plan and carry out experiments independently, troubleshoot technical issues, and to work with automation instrumentation and software. The position will be based out of the newly created PD group and given an opportunity to contribute to the development of overall CMC project strategies.

Responsibilities

These may include but are not limited to:
Develop a robust, scaled platform to deliver transposon/transposase constructs into T cells by electroporation and other non-viral gene delivery systems
Evaluate alternative technologies to create robust, reproducible, and scalable next generation manufacturing processes
Work with R&D teams to gain deeper understanding of the process challenges and of the process-to-process product quality attributes variability
Independently design and execute process development studies using Design of Experiment (DOE)
Analyze data, communicate results, and author technical reports
Assist in the development of standard operating procedures and technology transfer to internal or external manufacturers
Proactively analyses manufacturing issues and coordinates potential resolution with the CMC team
Present ideas and data in team meeting and cross-functional meetings. Be an active participant and intellectual leader
Provide leadership to junior team members

Requirements

Requirements, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Ph.D. in Immunology, biology, biomedical engineering or related pharmaceutical science with a minimum of 1 plus years of related industry experience (an equivalent of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with process characterization, scale-up and/or technology transfer is preferred
Familiarity with development and /or commercialization of cell-based therapeutics
Basic understanding of cGMP requirements
Experience using DOE
Ability to multitask, independently organize time, and plan specifics of work
Excellent communication and facilitation skills demonstrated in a team environment
Willingness to think outside the box, be creative and comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction and able to adjust workload based upon changing priorities
Travel may be required up to 10-20% of the time
Must be physically capable to lift 50 pounds
