Growth with a Purpose
OppLoans is a rapidly growing Fintech company that helps credit-challenged consumers build a better financial path through accessible products and five-star customer service. As one of Chicago’s fastest-growing startups, we’ve made the Crain’s Business Chicago Fast 50 (#4 in 2019) and the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 (twice), and we’ve ranked in the top 10% of the Inc. 500 four years in a row!
OppLoans is a team of caring and inventive “Opptimists” with diverse perspectives and backgrounds. OppLoans employees approach every new challenge with an unparalleled ability to see what could be rather than settle for what is. We want people to be excited to come to work every morning and know they are a part of something great. That’s why we prize collaboration, collegiality, and letting the best ideas win the day.

Job Title:
Data Science Analyst

Location:
Chicago, IL

Responsibilities:
Work directly on several aspects of the lending business: marketing analysis, determining credit-underwriting criteria at originations and later in the customer’s lifecycle, developing pricing strategies and optimizing verification strategies to minimize risk and improve issuance volume. Build and manage predictive and machine learning models and rules to improve credit default, fraud and marketing performance using the latest techniques in analytics, statistics, data science and machine learning. Develop and implement models and rules using analytical methods like segmentation, predictive models, and hypothesis testing. Build processes to monitor rules and models in use and measure post-implementation impact. Use data to understand new ways of finding impactful insights from data and develop recommendations. Design and execute tests to validate hypotheses on risk, response, and conversion during the origination process. Work on understanding new data sources in combination with existing data sources. Collaborate with cross-functional business partners on new initiatives, project requests, prioritization, and delivery. Communicate strategies, proposals, and solutions to key stakeholders.

Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Financial Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research, or related quantitative field, or foreign equivalent and 2 years of related experience. In the alternative, we will accept a Master’s degree in Computer Science, Financial Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research, or related quantitative field, or foreign equivalent.
Must have academic or work experience with: statistical analysis; programming language, including R or Python; relational databases, including PostgreSQL; statistics and machine learning modeling techniques; machine learning theories and practices, including regression models, GLM, SVM and tree based models (e.g. Boosting, Random Forest); and coding and scripting.


Define your career at OppLoans

OppLoans is committed to providing an exceptional employee experience that allows you to define your career and purpose with us. New hire “Opptimists” go through orientation, shadow programs, a new hire lunch with our CEO, Jared Kaplan, and you can participate in different company culture events focused on diversity, equity, and inclusion. Our onboarding team has designed programs to make you feel welcome and part of our team during your first year and beyond.

Define the Mission (days 1-30): You will understand our company mission, values, and vision, and how your role at OppLoans plays a part in that.
Define your Goals (months 1-3): You will be able to understand your role expectations and identify goals with your manager and mentor(s) to fulfill those expectations.
Define your Belonging (months 3-6): You will understand OppLoans’ culture and have opportunities to engage with and impact that culture. Employee-led communities and programs, like our wellness program Project Opptimism, are offered to help with community connection both virtually and in-person.
Define your Journey (6 months - 1 year): You will feel confident in your abilities to execute in your role and know the next step you will take to develop your career.
Compensation and Benefits

OppLoans offers a 401(k) matching program and paid vacation. Other benefits include medical benefits, including a free PPO medical option with BCBS for Employee-Only Plans, dental and vision coverage, and tuition reimbursement. To support your wellness, you receive a free gym membership at One Two Pru and a corporate discount on ClassPass packages. To get you to and from work, you can participate in our pre-tax commuter benefits program with CTA and Metra, park your bike in the One Two Pru bike storage room, and take advantage of discounted Divvy memberships. Dresscode is casual. Lunch is subsidized through Fooda and Sweetgreen, and healthy snacks and drinks are available all day at the office.
Our office is conveniently located in downtown Chicago with panoramic views of Millennium Park and Lake Michigan with rooftop access.
EEOC Statement: OppLoans is an equal opportunity employer. OppLoans does not discriminate against any applicant for employment due to age, color, sex, disability, national origin, race, religion, veteran status, or any other protected class.
