Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Artificial Intelligence is changing the world for the benefits of human beings and societies. QUALCOMM, as the world's leading mobile computing platform provider, is committed to deliver power-efficient cognitive computing technologies for enabling the wide deployment of intelligent solutions on all possible devices. Be a part of the R&D and Software team, you will be involved and participate in various development phases of the state-of-the-art technologies for next generation machine learning system. In this role you will design, develop & test software for machine learning frameworks that optimize models to run efficiently on edge devices. The candidate is expected to have strong interest and deep passion on making leading-edge \"deep learning\" framework and algorithms working on mobile/embedded platforms for the benefit of end users.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's, Computer Engineering and/or Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering
Programming experience using C/C++ & Python.
Preferred Qualifications
Strong object oriented design and development skills.
Experience at both the firmware (RTOS) and system level (Linux) in SOC
Knowledge of neural networks, with hands-on experience using ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Experience with enhancements to Training Frameworks and/or backends.
Experience developing CUDA kernels.
Knowledge of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNN/LSTMs
Familiarity with any of the deep learning compiler frameworks TVM, Glow or XLA
Experience leading teams in developing software from inception to delivery
Experience with TDD development solutions like GoogleTest etc.
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools, such as Git
Strong debugging and analysis skills, for root causing complex issues
Experience of profiling software and optimization techniques
Good understanding of multi-dimensional data movements and processing
Experience developing embedded software, preferably on-device ML
Previous experience working in an Agile environment, and collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
