Software Engineer, Systems â Develop new algorithms and software, analyze, review, and re-architect current designs in order to create new capabilities. Participate in the creation of a large product suite that enables content protection and security for video delivered via satellite, cable, or the internet. Implement designs, write code, write and perform unit tests, integrate into our distributed video security system and follow deliverables through the product design/development lifecycle.

Work with architectures, specifications, requirements, testing and design reviews. Support the creation, deployment and operations for on-premise and SaaS offerings of Verimatrix solutions in various environments. Support the integration of various DRM technologies and encoders using APIs.

Build and maintain software with a focus on performance, efficiency, information security and sustainability under the direction of more senior software engineers. Collaborate with team to build, test, deliver and monitor high performing, high availability, scalable products using CI/CD processes and tools. Estimate and plan development tasks, improve development processes and tools.

Required education: Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent in Computer Engineering, or Computer Science.

Required experience: 1 year in the job offered or 1 year as Senior System Analyst.

Additional minimum requirements: work experience to include at least 1 year of the following:

(1) C/ C++, Java, object-oriented design and coding;

(2) Service oriented architecture with Java development APIs for SOAP and REST;

(3) Cloud infrastructure, including OpenStack and AWS;

(4) Security protocols, cryptography, PKI, SSL/TLS;

(5) Client/server distributed architectures and development.

About Verimatrix:

Verimatrix helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content, applications, and devices with intuitive, people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports, to sensitive financial and healthcare data, to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners to get to market faster, scale easily, protect valuable revenue streams, and win new business.

Powered by JazzHR
