Our Client, is a counter drone technology company specializing in development and deployment of drone protection solutions for military, government, and commercial applications.

Our Client is looking for an experienced Senior Full Stack Software Engineer who is passionate about developing product user interfaces for end users in mission critical situations. In this role, you will be developing products that will help protect our nation’s most elite Special Operations teams, critical infrastructure, and most valuable organizations from increasing drone threats. To do this, we’ve assembled a group of world-class business/strategy, product design, technology, engineering, and data science professionals with deep knowledge and experience in counter drone solutions to work alongside you in tackling one of the country’s greatest emerging threats.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:
A major role in designing and building of our responsive web products – this means you’ll be essential in laying down the groundwork, infrastructure and product discussion from start to finish.
Implement new features in a highly collaborative environment with Product, Design, API developers, and hardware engineers.
Contribute to a future-ready, high quality, and performing code base that operates without latency in mission critical environments
Share your technical solutions and product ideas with the Citadel team through design and code reviews and live demonstrations
Prepare and maintain all applications utilizing standard development tools.
Contribute in all phases of development life cycle.
Requirements

YOU SHOULD HAVE:
Expert with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, Python, jQuery, Bootstrap
Expert with web frameworks such Laravel or other MVC frameworks
Expert in responsive front end development and single-page application (SPA) design
Expert in RESTful API design and asynchronous operations
Experience in SQL schema design with MySQL, Oracle, NoSQL or other DBMS.
Proficient in UI design libraries such as Vue.js, AngularJS, ReactJS, etc.
Proficiency in design patterns.
Workflow flexibility, strong teamwork skills, and proficiency with Git
BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject
IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE:
5+ years of relevant experience
Experience as lead front end software developer on market-released products
Experience with the full web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques
Experience with Node.js, MQTT, HTTP protocol, and at least one server-side framework, preferably Laravel, Express, Django or Flask
Finding fulfillment in building great products
Experience with Agile software and test-driven development
Good written and verbal communication skills
