Senior Data Engineer (multiple locations)

SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to come join our team!

SBG, a service disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology, cyber-security, and training, is looking for results-oriented Senior Data Engineers. We are seeking highly motivated individuals looking to join our rapidly growing company. The ideal candidates for these position would be experienced individuals who are hard-working, have the ability to excel in a fast-paced government contractor environment, and have a positive, energetic attitude. These positions are located in San Diego, CA; Norfolk/Virginia Beach, VA; Washington D.C. Metro; and Hawaii.

SBG Technology Solutions seeks Senior Data Engineers to work on an exciting Department of Defense contract to provide Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) Support Services. This position will support the Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) in their work to transform, modernize, improve, and sustain current and future operational maritime tactical Command and Control needs into effective and affordable C2 capabilities for Navy, Marine Corps, Joint, and Coalition warfighters. The overarching goal is to integrate programs into single C2 capabilities, provide configuration and scalable solutions to various platforms, and align to the FORCEnet roadmap.

Key Responsibilities:
Provides engineering and technical support services to assist in the development, upgrade, review, sustainment, production and delivery of program documentation and data.
Assists with the development of the C4ISR Data Strategy which includes Information Operations (IO), Combat Systems, Tactical Communications, C2 and Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) domains.
Assists in the preparation of point papers and support documentation to facilitate the integration of procured technologies with current and future Maritime C2, Support C2, Tactical C2, and, Defensive C2 programs as they relate Navy Tactical Cloud Reference Implementation (NTC RI) utilizing computing component (Cloudera), a Big Data analytic component (Hadoop Distributed Files System, Accumulo, MapReduce, and Storm), and a Data Storage component (Content Zone).
Assists in the establishment of program/project databases/spreadsheets to support system engineering requirements. This includes: problem resolution, use of data/statistical analysis tools, support for meetings such as Program Office Configuration Change Board (CCB), Platform Technical Review Board (PTRB) and other required Program Office specific meetings.
Supports implementation and use of M&S best practices including cost-benefit tools, standards information, data exchange techniques, authoritative data, and architectures.
Requirements:
Master's degree in technical area.
Active DoD Secret clearance with ability to obtain Top Secret Clearance with Sensitive-Compartmented Information (SCI) access. Active TS preferred.
Experience designing and developing models using large amounts of structured and unstructured data.
Desire ten (10) years of experience and knowledge in data engineering and design to include:
US Navy and/or US Air Force C2 and data systems including operational and technical architectures
Intelligence Community Information Technology
Enterprise Government and industry standards (e.g., National Information Exchange Model)
Object-Based Production
Activity-Based Intelligence
Military Force Track Data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, and information retrieval
Extending existing pedigree and provenance data items to a complete logical ontology for use across C2, IO, ISR and data domains
Practical application of Naval Tactical Cloud technologies such as Hadoop, emerging Hadoop-based standards such as Apache Spark, and data modeling architectures such as Resource Description Format
Must be U.S. citizen to obtain and maintain a DoD Security Clearance

We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
