Description

SAIC is seeking a Network Data Center Engineer in San
Diego, CA to support SSC-PAC.

Note: This role
requires up to 25% of CONUS/OCONUS travel where site-visits could last 30 days
at a time.

Overview:

Provide system development, system
administration/configuration, installations, and system testing of a
mission-critical application utilizing technologies/products for Program
Executive Officer, Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Intelligence
(PEO C4I) Program Manager Warfare (PMW) 790 Shore Tactical Assured Command and
Control (STACC) program

Job Duties:
Conduct installation of developed systems at locations
designated by the project lead.
Perform engineering and functional analysis and integration
of new components, systems and/or networks within Engineering Change Request
(ECR) process.
Support, analyze, and troubleshoot hardware and software
related problems; evaluate associated programs and systems against
requirements, and research methods and procedures to verify compliance. System
administration/configuration.
Provide system engineering and network subject matter
expertise to support the installation, configuration and integration of systems
and subsystems per approved installation/configuration plans.
Provide technical input to all briefs,
documents, drawings and other deliverables/artifacts required in the Fleet
Readiness Certification Board (FRCB) process.
Conduct integration and interoperability testing in
support of new or updated
capabilities/components/applications/configurations. Support System Operational and Verification
Testing (SOVT) in support of system acceptance by government
representatives.
Develop test plans,
test cases and associated test reports.
Produce and maintain testing documentation and artifacts necessary to
meet and maintain government systems Configuration Management and Information
Assurance requirements.
Qualifications

Required Education and Experience
HS/GED and 6 years of related experience OR Bachelors and two (2) years or more experience; Masters and 0 years related experience
Active Secret Clearance with the ability to obtain a Top Secret/ SCI
CCNA Certification
5+ years of IT/Network experience
Network experience in designing, planning and implementing LAN-MAN-WANs using the industry-standard technologies
Core routing and switching experience
Experience installing and operating Brocade switches or similar switches.
Working knowledge of Fortigate Firewall security protection systems or other network security tools
Experience with Nutanix or other Hyper-converged solutions
Experience with data centers hosting of applications
Some RedHat and Windows Server Administrator experience
