Do you get bored or antsy if you aren't challenged on a daily basis? Do you enjoy solving problems and taking ownership while making a difference? Do you love finding groundbreaking solutions that no one has ever thought of before?

TrellisWare Technologies is looking for a full-time Real-time Embedded Software Engineer in San Diego.

We have technologies that stretch limits and employees that push boundaries. We provide communication solutions and innovations when nothing else works. Our top talents enjoy a 'work hard, play hard' environment and are solvers.

Spend your days developing novel Data Link Layers for TrellisWare's next generation self-networking hand-held radios used by Special Forces or help create new modem and networking technologies for the toughest communication problems in areas such as HF, Free Space Optics, and interference mitigation. A typical day might start with you working in your personal office designing and implementing your own custom Layer 2 primitives. It could move into one of our many state-of-the-art labs with your team-mates to bring up your design on physical hardware and test it on bed-of-nails Network Emulators. Reward yourself every day by enjoying our three fully-stocked breakrooms with endless goodies, company-paid gym memberships and more For a full list of benefits, please visit us at TrellisWare.com/about/careers/benefits/

This job might be for you if:
You can think on your feet. You are analytical, pay attention to detail and are able to communicate your thought process both written and verbally
You are able to and ENJOY working independently as well as in a team environment
You have a minimum of five years proven experience with preemptive, multitasking real-time operating systems, and at least two years developing networking protocols within the media access control (MAC) sub-layer
You are knowledgeable of:
Data Link Layer (OSI Layer 2) primitives
Effective C++ programming
Distributed version control systems
Common embedded development tools (i.e. compilers, linkers and debuggers)
It would be extra awesome if you had:
An understanding of C, Python or other scripting languages
Experience with Yocto Project, Apache Ant, Boost Build or other large scale build systems
Working knowledge of Continuous Integration
Working knowledge of common lab test equipment (i.e. oscilloscope, logic analyzer, signal generator)
Your essential duties and responsibilities will be:
Design, implement, and integrate embedded real-time software for wireless ad-hoc multi-hop mesh networks
Perform feasibility studies, and performance analysis of real-time components
Document and present design alternatives using Engineering Department processes
Physical Demands:
Able to frequently sit, stand, walk, use hands to fingers, handle or feel, reach within hands and arms length, stoop, kneel, and crouch, talk and hear
Regularly required to sit for extended periods of time; frequently required to use office equipment such as PC, printer, telephone, etc.
Able to regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with qualified disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Education and Additional Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residency Required
Bachelor's degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering or Computer Science
Not the job for you? If you have a friend who would be a perfect fit please send them this link or have them email us at careers@trellisware.com. Thanks!

TrellisWare Technologies, Inc. is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets Employer.

DISCLAIMER: The above statements are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Nothing in the job description restricts the company's right to change, assign, or reassign duties and responsibilities at any time for any reason.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
