pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

In this central engineering AMS role you will work closely with different product teams and must be capable of independently executing the development of CMOS & SOI analog, mixed-signal and PMIC circuit blocks, as well as assisting with PA controller product development. You will participate in all stages of the design cycle including system solution definition, circuit design & simulation, layout supervision, silicon evaluation at block and product level.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Analog/Mixed-Signal IP Block Design: Work with the Product Design teams and Marketing to define needed IP block functionality and performance specifications. Design, develop and characterize IP blocks for maximum reusability across multiple products and help define roadmaps for future development. Assist with IP library maintenance and releases.
IP Block Characterization: Work with Characterization and Test Engineers to define, conduct and analyze data from circuit block and product-level characterization.
Product Design: Work with Product Design teams on development of PA controller products and IP blocks needed to support such products. Including working with Test Engineers to define Characterization & Production Test solutions.
Product Support: Work with Product Design teams, Marketing, Product Engineering, Production Test and Failure Analysis to help answer customer questions, assess field failures, and support yield improvements.
Documentation: Document all relevant design information to educate others on IP block usage and novel design techniques.
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking: Adept at using computers and other forms of technology related to his/her job; keeps up to date on technological changes; adapts work approach to keep pace with innovations in technology
Working with Ambiguity: Adept at using computers and other forms of technology related to his/her job; keeps up to date on technological changes; adapts work approach to keep pace with innovations in technology
Displaying Technical Expertise: Adept at using computers and other forms of technology related to his/her job; keeps up to date on technological changes; adapts work approach to keep pace with innovations in technology
Driving for Results: Aggressively pursues challenging goals and objectives; will to put in considerable time and effort to accomplish objectives; takes a highly focused, goal driven approach toward work
Making Accurate Judgments and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
8+ years of experience developing Analog/Mixed-Signal/PMIC circuit blocks and products
Strong skills in analog/mixed-signal IC circuit design: op-amps, bandgap and PTAT references, LDO regulators, data converters, switched capacitor circuits, charge pumps, digital interfaces
Experience in high volume, commercial CMOS ICs (bulk or SOI)
Able to do analog/mixed-signal IC layout where needed and effectively supervise layout designers
Strong sense of urgency to meet product requirements on schedule
Team player, able to work effectively within the Technology Platforms department and cross functionally with other teams
Hands on use of measurement equipment to validate IC performance
Preferred Qualifications
Familiarity with RFIC products and applications
Knowledge of IC fabrication and how this impacts circuit performance
Software tools: Cadence, SOS, Excel, JMP, Matlab, ADS
Education Requirements
BS in Electrical Engineering
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office and laboratory environment. This role routinely uses standard office and semiconductor laboratory equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
