Please, no third parties. No sponsorship opportunities available now or in the future. Although a Southern California candidate is preferred, this position can be fully remote. Main Duties and Responsibilities - Lead a technical team that architects, builds, maintains, scales, monitors, administrates and secures the organization's analytics infrastructure. - Create a solid, flexible, stable system that enables company to deliver best-in-class analytics products to customers in the face of massive growth. - Act as the functional lead, manage staff and do the hands-on work. - Enable data access, data processing and data products by architecting, maintaining, scaling, monitoring and securing company machine learning production system (AWS, Python), Data Warehouse (Snowflakes), ETL system and data pipelines (Informatica, Stitch Data), and BI system (Tableau Online, PlecoTech). Skills and Requirements - 10+ years of total experience with relational database development and 4+ years working in a Data Architect capacity. - Experience planning, building, and managing data infrastructures in a public cloud. - Strong experience leveraging tools and platforms within the AWS ecosystem (EC2, S3, Aurora, Lambda, API Gateway, etc.). - In-depth experience with MySQL databases and Snowflakersquos data warehouse. - Experience managing a business intelligence system. - Strong proficiency with ETL development. - Experience with one or more of the following Python, Scala, and Java. - Exposure to Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, and Hive. - Comfortable with setting and meeting SLAs for data availability and quality. - Understanding of Machine LearningAI principles in data engineering. - Scrum andor Agile experience. - Proven ability and willingness to make data-driven decisions. - Proven ability to work with a high degree of autonomy. - Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or related field is preferred. tags database architect, database engineer, data architect, data engineer, etl architect, etl engineer, data scientist, mysql architect, data analyst, database analyst
