Functional Description/Track (Technical Individual Contributor): Establishes database management systems, standards, guidelines and quality assurance for database deliverables, such as conceptual design, logical database, capacity planning, external data interface specification, data loading plan, data maintenance plan and security policy. Documents and communicates database design. Evaluates and installs database management systems. Codes complex programs and derives logical processes on technical platforms. Builds windows, screens and reports. Assists in the design of user interface and business application prototypes. Participates in quality assurance and develops test application code in client server environment. Provides expertise in devising, negotiating and defending the tables and fields provided in the database. Adapts business requirements, developed by modeling/development staff and systems engineers, and develops the data, database specifications, and table and element attributes for an application. HandsOn development 75% of daily activities Work with our Data Architect to build robust data pipelines for our Enterprise Environment via Java (Scala) in a virtualized environment Execute on technical requirements and document new ones when needed Monitor NoSQL performance and optimize table indexes to increase query performance Participate in oncall rotation for data pipeline support in a GCP environment Support QA: diagnosing and resolving bugs Apply best practices for testing and deployment in an agile environment Understanding the technical architecture of internally developed applications Protect the confidentiality and security of client data Understand business processes and requirements from the business Review and develop dbs schema while ensuring database(s) performance is efficient and optimized Work both independently and as part of a team Manage code via Github/Bamboo and work tasks within JIRA Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline, and a minimum of 58 years related experience or Master's degree and 25 years equivalent industry experience or a PhD and 02 years experience. Demonstrated experience and ability to develop in Java (Scala) Primary role Demonstrated experience as a DBA supporting a Production environment Secondary role Knowledge of traditional and modern data warehouse methodologies Proven ability to learn new tools and technology Expert level SQL with the ability to create and evaluate complex SQL statements, stored procedures, and index tables Experience developing, deploying, and supporting ETL workflows Demonstrated ability to work in a fast paced and changing environment with short deadlines, interruptions, and multiple tasks/projects occurring at once Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics or Engineering from an accredited academic university, or an equivalent combination of education and experience Experience with GCP infrastructure deployments application resource management in GCP environment(s) Experience developing and deploying libraries for database(s) interaction layer Experience with PostgreSQL Experience with GCP services (Dataflow/PubSub/Airflow/Spanner) Prior medical device experience Up to 10% Possesses broad understanding of technical principles and theories. Ability to synthesize external data and research findings for application that may impact technical objectives. Demonstrates successes in technical proficiency and independent thought. Works on complex problems in which analysis of situations or data requires an indepth evaluation of various factors. Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Exercises good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Normally receives little instruction on daytoday work, general instructions on new assignments. LICC1
