Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Services Group, Engineering Services Group > Support Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Emulation Hardware team is looking for a software engineer to develop and maintain cutting edge cloud management application. Candidates will be responsible for architecture, design, development and testing of applications. These are three tiered MVC applications with user interface, business logic and database layers. Tools are expected to be used broadly by various levels of engineering users and management.

Minimum Qualifications
Ability to effectively troubleshoot software related issues, production debugging and troubleshooting user experience
Excellent knowledge of Linux operating systems
Preferred Qualifications
Required Qualifications
3-5 years of experience in an enterprise or consumer software development environment
Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOA/OOD) and agile development methodologies
Designing web/tooling User Interface design for complex multi-layer data management system
Strong web development experience with PHP
Experience building Web 2.0 applications using JavaScript/AJAX frameworks and libraries, e.g. JQuery, ExtJS, AngularJS etc. (ExtJS desirable).
Distributed technologies (REST Web services, etc.)
Experience using MVC frameworks
Hands-on knowledge on relational database design and SQL
Ability to effectively troubleshoot software related issues, production debugging and troubleshooting user experience
Excellent knowledge of Linux operating systems
Preferred Qualifications
Familiarity with principles, process and tooling for requirements management, project management, and resource management
Ability to effectively understand and verify business/technical requirements
Good problem solving skills, analytical skills, attention to details and documentation skills
Ability to work independently and with a team in a diverse, fast-paced, and collaborative environment, and be able to multi-task efficiently
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
