pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

Member of team responsible for modeling development for high-performance semiconductor technology. This position will work closely with modeling engineers and CAD to support internal design groups and external foundry customers with model extraction flow development and data analysis. The role will be responsible for mentoring junior engineers and providing guidance to design teams in their area of expertise.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Methodology development for complex model extractions
Detail analytical analysis of characterization data to investigate non-classical behavior
Provide required equipment specifications for advanced measurement system configuration
Statistical model development and analysis
Model implementation and flow development for multiple EDA platforms
Provide technical leadership, insight, mentoring, and support to the design community, modeling team, and technology team
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking; Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information
Displaying Technical Expertise: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others
Driving for Results: Aggressively pursues challenging goals and objectives; will to put in considerable time and effort to accomplish objectives; takes a highly focused, goal driven approach toward work
Making Accurate Judgments and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
15 years of relevant experience
7 years of demonstrated technical leadership
Demonstrated ability to develop RF and large signal model extraction flow
Familiarity with measurement system for advanced characterization (noise, RF, load-pull, NF, etc.)
Experience developing a design of experiment for model extraction
Strong understanding of semiconductor device physics
Understanding of the interaction between semiconductor manufacturing and device performance
Preferred Qualifications
Understanding of RF device physics, measurements, and extraction
Experience with physics and measurement based custom model extraction
Detailed knowledge of advanced modeling (i.e. noise, RF, large signal, thermal, etc.)
Background or understanding of electromagnetic theory
Basic understanding of RFIC design
Experience in wide range of semiconductor technologies
Education Requirements
Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering (or related field)
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
