Were on the hunt for our next Back End Engineer...

To quickly touch on the overview of the job functions and what you can expect while working in this role, heres a short list of what your day-to-day will look like:
Problem solve and proactively identify opportunities for improvement
Collaborate with front-end developers and other team members, including code reviews
Understand and contribute to scalable database architecture
Collaborate on refining ideas for new products, features, and improvements
Be a mentor and support internal teams.
Understand and implement security and data protection.
Stay educated about new technologies.
We wont put you in a box when it comes to who you are as a person, but we have to set some parameters for what skills will be required of you to be considered. Here are the must haves and absolutely non-negotiables:
Build RESTful endpoints for use by Vue.js SPA and public facing API
Fluency in PHP, SQL, Redis
Queues with Laravel Horizon
Experience with other Data storage / Query platforms a plus (Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc)
OSX/Linux command line
Experience with Git or other VCS
Familiarity with modern IDEs (PHPStorm, VSCode)
Experience writing unit and integration tests in PHPUnit
Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture patterns
Experience within AWS ecosystem (EC2, Redshift, RDS, Elasticache, Athena, etc)
If this hasnt scared you away, then heres whats in it for you

We strive to ensure that our employees have the best experience possible (while still remembering that you are at your job). Here are the benefits we offer:
Health/Dental/Vision - 80% to 100% paid for by us
401k - We match up to 4%
Unlimited PTO
Flex Fridays (work remotely!)
Company-provided Macbook for use throughout your employment
Standing desks (optional)
Catered lunches and monthly team building
Ping pong and shuffleboard
Fully stocked break room (Coffee, sodas, and snacks galore!)
Comfy spinny computer chair with 18 adjustment points (When we make ti back to the office)
Anyway, if all this sounds like your cup of tea then APPLY! We look forward to hearing from you!
