Who we are:

Dynam.AI is a cutting-edge Machine Learning as a Service company developing and deploying tailored Machine Learning, Computer Vision, and Data Science solutions and applications for a wide range of corporate clients. We are leveraging our many years of experience in exact sciences, software engineering, and artificial intelligence to provide our customers with solutions to complex problems, with a focus on the knowledge gap between science and machine learning.

Job Description:

Dynam.AI is looking for a Full-stack Software Engineer to become part of its core team of scientists and engineers. You will be working as a part of one or more agile R&D teams to develop, implement and deploy Machine Learning solutions to address customer needs. Examples of problems to solve include cloud applications orchestration; design and implementation of APIs between modules; robust code design, implementation, and validation; and so on.

Required Qualifications
A Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science or related field.
3 years or more of Python development experience.
Proven expertise in full-stack Python development.
Proven expertise in cloud application design, development, and deployment.
Experience building ML and Deep Learning inference and training pipelines
Experience with cloud application orchestration, containers.
Experience with cloud and web APIs.
Experience with prototype to deployment code conversion, software QA.
Experience with Agile R&D, Scrum and/or Kanban.
Desired Qualifications
Both front-end and back-end development experience.
TensorFlow, PyTorch familiarity.
Knowledge of Rust, Julia, Go.
Parallel Computing, distributed Cloud Computing.
Scalability issues and analysis.
Databases, Data Analysis, Large Datasets.
CI/CD
Work Authorization/Security Clearance

We are willing to sponsor an H1-B visa if required. We expect that all applicable visas and paperwork are in order before the first interview. No security clearance is required. Candidates must consent to a background check.
