Senior Tactical Data Link Standards Engineer (multiple locations)

SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to come and join our team!

SBG, a service-disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology, cyber-security, and training, is looking for results-oriented Senior Tactical Link Standards Engineers. We are seeking highly motivated individuals looking to join our rapidly growing company. The ideal candidates for this position would be experienced individuals who are hard-working, have the ability to excel in a fast-paced government contractor environment, and have a positive, energetic attitude. These positions are located in San Diego, CA; Norfolk/Virginia Beach, VA; Washington D.C. Metro; and Hawaii areas.

Overview

SBG Technology Solutions seeks Senior Tactical Data Link Standards Engineers to work on an exciting Department of Defense contract to provide Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) Support Services. These positions will support the Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) in their work to transform, modernize, improve, and sustain current and future operational maritime tactical Command and Control needs into effective and affordable C2 capabilities for Navy, Marine Corps, Joint, and Coalition warfighters. The overarching goal is to integrate programs into single C2 capabilities, provide configuration and scalable solutions to various platforms, and align to the FORCEnet roadmap.

Key Responsibilities:
Provides expertise and response for issues involving requirements derived from or based on military standards, military specifications, commercial standards, and commercial specifications.
Provides an understanding of existing, planned and developing operational networks; the translation of new operational requirements and operational concepts into proposed new system designs; the application of current and evolving networking standards; and activities leading to technology insertion into ongoing contractual activities, as well as vision for future possible solutions in the area of networking.
Ensures all work processes are performed in accordance with industry standards and best practices and meet the intent or specific guidance contained within the Configuration and Data Management Plan for the MIDS-LVT, Configuration and Data Management Plan for the MIDS JTRS, Naval Air System Command Configuration Management Process, National Consensus Standard for Configuration Management, and MIL-HDBK-61A (Configuration Management Guidance).
Provides DoD Interagency, Coalition, and Enterprise Architecture (EA) support and technical expertise in TDL design, development, and governance.
Reviews architectures describing engineering requirements and solutions.
Reviews engineering architectures that address implementation issues.
Reviews engineering reference implementations and tools to validate policies, procedures and compliance with standards.
Assists in the development of change proposals to existing tactical data link MIL-STDs to support C2P, Link 16 and LMMT system requirements.
Evaluates proposed changes to data link MIL-STDs proposed by other organizations for impact to C2P, Link 16 and LMMT programs.
Reviews and verifies work processes are in accordance with industry standards and best practices, and meet the intent or specific guidance contained within the Configuration and Data Management Plan for the MIDS-LVT, Configuration and Data Management Plan for the MIDS JTRS, Naval Air System Command Configuration Management Process, National Consensus Standard for Configuration Management, and MIL-HDBK-61A (Configuration Management Guidance).
Position Requirements:
A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Electrical or Computer Science).
Active Secret DoD security clearance.
Desire eight (8) years of experience supporting Tactical Data Link Standards Meetings such as the Navy Technical Interoperability Standards Group - Tactical Data Links (TISG-TDL) and the Joint Multi-TADIL Configuration Change Board.
US Navy and/or US Air Force Tactical Data Link experience.
Desire eight (8) years of experience in generating and reviewing Interface Change Proposals and Data Link Change Proposals for Tactical Data Link Message Standards.
Possess experience in providing technical support the Tactical Data Link Communications and Interoperability Working Group meetings such as Link 22.
Must be a U.S. Citizen to obtain and maintain DoD Security Clearance.
We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
