pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

The Probe and Test Engineer performs in a multi-disciplinary field requiring knowledge of, semiconductor fab processes, test engineering, semiconductor wafer probers, and various probe technologies. The selected candidate will participate in activities from initial equipment evaluation and selection, process qualification, process documentation, process release to production, and process monitoring and improvement. This position will also interact with product design and development personnel to support new product development and to ensure that processes and designs are compatible. In addition, this position establishes and implements operator processing specifications for new equipment and to improve manufacturing techniques to insure the process is stable and reliable.

The assigned tasks/projects will be moderate in scope and will require this positon to exercise judgment within the define procedures and practice to complete the projects. This position will follow instructions and apply company policies and procedures to drive decisions. This position will be expected to coordinate activities with other engineers groups. This position must enjoy working in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a sense of commitment and be flexible to project needs.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Acquire and analyze data to make sound date driven decisions
Use proven problem solving methodologies to provide technical support to manufacturing needs
Bring up new manufacturing process. This will include all activities from initial equipment evaluation and selection, process qualification, process documentation, process release to Production, and process monitoring and improvement
Developing and performing manufacturing processes for the improvement of yield, cost, cycle time and capacity
Implement process control techniques and procedures into manufacturing environments
Report and improve metrics for processes under your responsibility
Analyze manufacturing process flows continually for the enhancements of quality, cost reduction, and throughput
Provide engineering support to troubleshoot and resolve technical problems
Provide engineering support for new product development
Disposition of production lots on hold
Provide engineering support to Manufacturing Process Engineering Technicians in his/her area
Provide engineering support to Operators
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking: Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information
Making Accurate Judgment and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions
Displaying Technical Expertise: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others
Driving Continuous Improvement: Establishes methods to monitor and improve performance of systems and processes; utilizes specialized techniques for continuous improvement
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
2 years of experience in related field, preferably in semiconductor manufacturing environment
Data driven and analytical
Proven problem-solving skills
Self-starter with the ability to work independently and in team setting
Work well under pressure while managing competing demands and tight deadlines
Attention to detail
Good communication skills
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with manufacturing automation equipment preferably in the area of wafer probe and test
Process engineering statistics background
Knowledge of statistical process control (SPC) including process capability studies
Ability to conduct process optimization techniques
Ability to perform FMEA
Ability to perform Measurement System Analysis/Gage R&R
Ability to implement Poka-Yoke processing techniques
Proficiency in process characterization and Design of Experiments
Knowledge of lean manufacturing concepts
Experience with documenting procedures and writing technical reports
Ability to train manufacturing processes to production personnel
Education Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in an Engineering discipline
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
