pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

This position is responsible for: Overseeing product, technology, package and assembly Reliability Qualification of pSemi’s diverse product portfolio. This position is also responsible creating qualification plans, execute the plan and write customer reports. Also, overseeing timely execution and completion of qualification projects, define Reliability hardware and test requirements for platform and derivative products.

This role is expected to implement continuous improvements to minimize downtime and improve the quality of test.

The assigned projects will require the candidate to have an understanding of Semiconductor IC fabrication, assembly and back-end processes, IC reliability stress testing, generate bias test schematics, utilizing lab test equipment and analyzing data.

The candidate will be expected to work with minimal supervision and build working relationships with other engineering groups. The candidate should also enjoy working in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a sense of commitment and be flexible to project needs. The candidate must be a team player and possess a sense of urgency to meet product requirements on schedule.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Define Reliability qualification requirements for new product, package, and process qualifications.
Creates qualification plan, execute the plan, analyze data and write customer reports.
Define Reliability stress testing requirement for platform and derivative products.
Interface with Product/Package/ Design and Reliability hardware engineers to understand new product and details necessary to perform reliability testing on new products.
Troubleshoot and debug of reliability burn-in hardware.
Write technical reports.
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking: Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations.
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information
Displaying Technical Knowledge: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others.
Delivering High Quality of Work: Critically reviews work processes to ensure quality; addresses problems that could impact quality; makes sure project deliverables and services meet all requirements and expectations; does not make the same mistakes twice.
Driving for Results: Result-oriented and the ability to manage time and multi-task.
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
2 years of experience in Reliability, preferably in Semiconductor Industry.
Knowledge of semiconductor Reliability stress testing requirements e.g. Jedec, Automotive and Tier-1 customer standards.
Must have hands-on experience working with lab equipment such as: Multi-meter, oscilloscope, power supplies, RF signal generators, RF power amplifiers, Spectrum analyzers and network analyzers.
Program and time management skills.
Demonstrated ability to analyze and interpret electrical test data.
Must be able to understand electrical schematics using tools such as Orcad.
Basic knowledge in RF and power management IC’s, such as: LNA, PA, RF Switch and DC-DC converters.
Result-oriented and the ability to manage multiple tasks.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge in software such as JMP, Matlab and Orcad.
Knowledge in various fab process technologies including CMOS.
Education Requirements
Bachelor’s in Engineering (Packaging, Electrical/Electronics, Materials or Chemical) or Physics; MS degree preferred
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
