Sr. Software Systems Engineer

The Software Systems Engineer in our Reliability and Analytics group is part of Illumina's Engineering team within the Product Development Department. This Engineer plays a key role in enhancing Illumina’s unparalleled customer experience by championing the concepts of Serviceability and Supportability in the development and release of new products.

For this specific position, we are looking for the right candidate to focus on the development of innovative service and support strategies around instrument control software, analytic and bioinformatic software tools, and other life science informatics solutions produced by Illumina or used in Illumina-supported instrumentation workflows.

Candidates should possess strong organizational and communication skills to facilitate successful product development across hardware, consumables, firmware, software, and chemistry teams.

Job Activities:
Serve as a Product Development representative on new product development and commercialization teams
Responsible for driving the design of software products, implementations and services in the areas of serviceability, supportability and usability
Advocating for customer and support needs on instrumentation software products and managing the development and execution of related deliverables.
Manage the development and implementation of strategic service and support plans and activities for software and instrumentation products.
Author, review and approve software requirements, conduct verification testing and release documentation.
Participate in alpha and beta testing of new instrumentation, software products and releases.
Analyze and report on field performance of newly released products
Develop hands-on experience with Illumina’s instrumentation and analysis software products.
Participate on multidisciplinary teams to address organizational needs.
Work with Technical Writing to develop and release User and Support documentation.
Assist with the development of key group processes that support our mission of building world-class genetic analysis products and services .
Occasional travel (up to 15%).
Requirements Skills and Experience:
6+ years of biotech/biomedical science industry experience
Experience supporting SaaS or instrumentation software solutions in Life Sciences, Pharma or related industry.
Experience with database structures and data analysis/visualization programs like Tableau and JMP
Understanding of commercial software development processes (Agile), software lifecycle management (SDLC) and software configuration management processes considered
Strong teamwork, communication and presentation skills (ability to distill complex technical information into technical recommendations)
Highly motivated with strong problem solving ability and approach.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
A strong commitment to delivering the Customer Experience.
Preferred Skills and Experience:
Experience in product design and development and/or support organizations
Knowledge of Bioinformatics and Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) data analysis fundamentals and principals.
Fluency in the methods and vocabulary of nucleic acid analytical techniques and molecular biology.
Prior experience supporting customers directly or supporting customer-facing teams
Understanding the Clinical and Regulatory landscape as it pertains to product development (FDA 510k approval process)
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
