Venator Solutions, LLC is a high-tech small business specializing in unique data fusion, tracking, and automation systems. Our small business culture provides numerous growth opportunities working on diverse and challenging projects while recognizing superior individual achievements. We are currently seeking a talented, highly motivated, software engineer with a strong background in math and/or physics to apply their skills developing cutting edge software algorithms within a collaborative small-team environment.
All candidates must be U.S. citizens and able to obtain (and maintain) an active DoD Secret security clearance.
Location: San Diego, CA
The successful candidate is expected to possess the following qualifications:
A minimum of a B.S. degree in engineering or a related discipline
A minimum of 3+ years engineering experience
Expertise in C/C++
Sufficient mathematical and/or engineering understanding to support advanced algorithm development (such as experience with or coursework in graph theory, probability and statistics, estimation theory, and linear algebra)
Experience in software debugging, testing, and performance verification, including real-time system data analysis
Interpersonal skills needed to support customer interactions, team collaboration, and business growth in areas of technical expertise
Desired skills include:
MATLAB, Java, Python
M.S. degree and/or thesis work in areas related to tracking and fusion, probabilistic reasoning, and/or operations research
Proposal writing
The successful candidate must be a self-starter capable of assuming responsibility/ownership of various software development tasks divided across one or more company projects. This is a great opportunity for any individual desiring to work in a research and development environment applying their knowledge to solve exciting, innovative, complex, real-world problems. Venator is a participant in the federal Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) and Rapid Innovation Fund (RIF) programs. These programs highlight Venator’s innovative technologies, flexibility, and customer responsiveness, and help foster an exciting environment for experimental research and new business growth.
Venator provides comprehensive benefits including highly competitive salary, employee profit sharing plan, medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, and flexible schedules.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
Relocation Assistance Provided:
Yes
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
www.venator-solutions.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
