Doctible is an innovative healthcare technology company and our mission is to help healthcare providers be efficient and profitable using technology. In the last 12 months, we experienced rapid growth and received the following recognition:
“Top Workplace in San Diego by the San Diego Union Tribune (2019, 2017)”
“One of the best entrepreneurial companies in America” by Entrepreneur magazine.
“Cool Company in San Diego” by San Diego Venture Group.
Our solutions automate key processes in a healthcare practice – from appointment reminders to payment solutions – empowering our customers by making their daily workflows more efficient. We pride ourselves by building these products internally by a brilliant team of Product members and engineers.
Who are we looking for?
We are seeking a highly motivated and skilled Full-Stack Ruby on Rails Engineer to help us maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of our data processing technology which is a critical underpinning of our entire suite of products. Our culture allows for regular sharing of innovative ideas and implementation of the best designs all within a causal work space environment. Some of the technologies we work with: Ruby on Rails, MySQL, PostgreSQL, React, Golang, etc.

Responsibilities:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.
5 years' Experience working with 3rd party partners/vendors/software to understand specifications, develop data connections, and create documentations.
2 years’ experience working with Ruby on Rails and relational database (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL).
Experience with ETL, SQL development and API based integrations.
Experience with working and developing RESTful Services.
Experience with JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React, AngularJS).
Experience with continuous integration tools (e.g. Gitlab, Jenkins).
Experience being an active contributor on an Agile Software development team to deliver custom solutions to the customer.
Excellent problem solving, analytical, communication, and organizational skills.
A go-getter attitude and eager to learn the in-and-outs of business use cases.
Based in San Diego and have the right to work within the US.
What will you be working on?
Collaborate with 3rd party vendor/partners/software to develop and maintain reliable data connections using 3rd party API and SQL engines to support Doctible’s core products.
Participation and ownership in all stages of development process: requirements, design, implementation, testing, deployment, and support.
Assess new data sources to better understand availability and quality of data.
Collaborate with development team to architect efficient and stable production integrations and feature enhancements.
Document and analyze current business processes and underlying systems/applications.
Communicate and collaborate effectively with technical peers and business users.
Participate in design and code reviews and dive deep into technical implementation discussions.
Occasional calls with 3rd party development team across different time zones.
What we offer
Opportunity to work in a small agile team
Opportunity of building forefront software that has immediate impact to millions of users
Competitive salary & stock options
401k
Health, Dental and Vision Benefits
Unlimited PTO
Remote Fridays & Lunch Thursdays
Team Outings & Happy Hours
Stocked Pantry and Pizza Mondays
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Experience:
software development: 5 years (Preferred)
Ruby: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Company's website:
www.doctible.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
