Software Engineer - Emerging Security Products

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Jasper Posner
Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button and sending us your resume.
Salary: $100,000 - $120,000

A bit about us:

THIS POSITION IS 100% REMOTE AND OPEN TO ANYONE IN THE US OR CANADA

We are a rapidly growing, profitable B2B Software company with multiple product lines including Application Security. Mobile Security and other Security categories. Our growing customer list includes Fortune 500 Companies, iconic brands, and growing start-ups. We have offices in Downtown Boston, San Francisco, London, and Tokyo. We foster a collaborative and inclusive work culture that has resulted in employee retention rates and average tenures well above the industry standard. At this time, we are founding a new team to bring new products to the market from the ground up.

Why join us?

As a founding member of a new, small team focused on building new commercial products from the ground up, you will have the opportunity to have a direct and outsized impact on our growth as a company and the success of our customers.

We are guided by four key principles:
1. Passion for our mission and the success of our customers. We put learning, excellence, and integrity at the forefront of all that we do and we are leaders in our field because of it.
2. Play to Win going all in to exceed expectations. We focus on what can be achieved, taking intelligent risks to anticipate new threats, and pursue innovative solutions.
3. Get Stuff Done seeing obstacles as opportunities. We operate with velocity and focus to ensure our results are amazing.
4. Collaboration because we are all in it together! We put the success of our team above our own and embrace diverse ideas and perspectives, treating each other with respect.

What's In It For You:
We've offered our employees the freedom to work remotely long before Covid. This position is 100% remote and will remain so.
Competitive salary, bonus structure, and generous equity
Leadership, ownership, outsized impact and opportunity for advancement
Unlimited PTO including paid parental leave
Healthcare, Dental, Life, disability and retirement benefits
Flexible working hours


Job Details

You will work on the Emerging Products team that is dedicated to bringing new products from the drawing board to market. At this time, we are working on a new commercial software product that will protect APIs, secure source code and networks by analyzing traffic among other strategies. In order to accomplish this, we'll be building a cloud service, several SDKs, docker containers deployed into the system and cloud services as well as some client-side development. The product is now in beta with a few customers and we are targeting shipping this in 2020! We don't expect any one Engineer to have experience in all of these areas. Having said that, we are looking for engineers with experience executing a solid collection of the tasks below.
Design, develop and test multiple software systems using C++, Objective-C, Java (Android), JavaScript, and other languages
Develop mobile SDKs for iOS and/or Android
Develop SDKs for Web
Develop cloud based software that incorporates containers that handle high-volume traffic to web services
Participate in Agile Scrum daily standup, sprint planning, sprint review and sprint retrospective meetings for iterative development and delivery of product changes
Document research, specifications, and design results clearly, with an emphasis on explaining why decisions were made
Write unit and system test cases that verify software functionality
Analyze and debug applications on a variety of different target operating systems and architectures with and without a reproducible test case

Required Experience:
Multiple years of current professional experience developing commercial cloud-based SaaS software in C++
Experience developing SDKs for iOS and/or Android
Experience with and knowledge of the internals of iOS, Android OS, tvOS, or Web OS
Professional experience developing commercial software for mobile platforms (iOS or Android) in, Swift, Objective-C, Java or Kotlin
Python and/or Perl scripting languages
Experience developing client-server products

Highly Desired Experience (Nice to Haves):
Experience Developing commercial security products
Understanding the behavior of a standard compiler, linker and loader
Experience using IDA Pro Disassembler, Frida dynamic instrumentation framework, or similar tools
Application Development experience on two or more of the following platforms: Android, iOS, iPadOS, tvOS, Embedded Linux, or ChromeOS
Experience developing in one or more of the following environments: Android Studio, Apple Xcode, and Visual Studio
Understanding of and experience with developing software for analyzing high volume traffic data
embedded or on-device experience


Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button.
