Role Machine Learning Engineer Work Location San Diego, CA Duration 12+ Months Primary Skill Set Knowledge of validated approaches for scale-ability, productionalizing AIML models and implementing machine learning applied to expansive and diverse datasets (storage GPUsTPUs, techniques for deep learning at scale) Deployment of Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms on cloud based services (AWS Sage maker, GCP MLE, Digital Ocean, etc.) Expertise in configuration management systems CICD (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) Programming experience with Python (and ML packages) and either Javascript, CC++ or related Version control (Git, Jenkins), Unix Shell scripting Experience or familiar with serverless architecture paradigm in cloud stack Preferred Skill Set Experience with Image AnalysisComputer Vision is a plus Experience with Swift, Objective-C, Cocoa, Cocoa Touch, andor CoreML Networking concepts and protocols, e.g. TCPIP, HTTP, etc. Knowledge or familiarity of ML algorithms (deep learning, classification, TensorFlow etc.) Preferred knowledge of Python libraries such as Scikit-learn, SciPy, Spacy, and NLTK Roles and Responsibilities Deploy scalable Machine Learning and CNN based Computer Vision algorithms on local and multi cloud-based inferencing platforms. Designing and deploying models at scale using automated pipelines. Convert Python based ML scripts to production quality level applications. Test applications for stability, resilience, HA and scale them to serve thousands of inferences on a daily basis. Work closely with data Engineers, developers and Machine Learning engineering peers to integrate MLAI models and applications with existing suite of APD smart products. Be approachable, a team player and ready to assist SRE DevOps to build pipelines that need minimal operational maintenance. If needed, be ready to independently learn new technologies. Be able to prioritize tasks and take ownership. Ability to communicate and meaningfully present results of analyses in a clear and impactful manner.
