Axxess | The Best Place to Work in Technology

Who we are looking for...

An innovativeSr. IT Engineer to join our winning team in our Dallas, Texas office. This is a great opportunity for an experienced Sr. IT Engineer to develop and create cutting-edge solutions for our products and services, while being part of something extraordinary.

What you will do...
Design and implement infrastructure at the data center and corporate offices
Manage infrastructure automation tools
Monitorserversandservices
Troubleshootinfrastructure issues
Utilize virtualization technologies such as VMWare ESXi, Microsoft Hyper-V
Maintain Active Directory
Installs patches and performs systems backups and recovery
What you bring...
Bachelor'sdegree
4+ years’ of hands on experience with information technology infrastructure, shared services and data center management
Application virtualization
SAN/NAS
Switching and routing
Load balancing
Application and database server clustering
Knowledge of database administration
MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis
Knowledge of infrastructure automation tools, monitoring and performance tools
Who we are...

Axxess offers a complete suite of easy-to-use, innovative software solutions, empowering home health, home care and hospice providers to grow their business while making lives better. Our collaborative culture focuses on innovation and excellence making us a nationally recognized “Best Place to Work”.

What you will experience…
Casual Friday, Everyday
Competitive Compensation Package
Professional Development for Career Growth
Free Lunch Catered on Monday
20 PTO (Paid-Time-Off) Days + Holidays + Birthday’s off
Holiday and Employee Celebrations
Full Benefit Selection, including matching 401k
Free onsite employee gym
Genuine respect for work-life integration
Respectful and Collaborative team environment
We offer a competitive compensation package (DOE), full benefit selection, matching 401k and growth opportunities for everyone who joins Axxess. Axxess is an EOE and drug free workplace. All applicants must be authorized to work in and currently reside in the United States.

NO AGENCIES OR 3RD PARTY INQUIRIES - PLEASE
