ICW Group is looking to add aSoftware Engineer II to our expanding IT Group. This team member will assume responsibility for the implementation of new and maintenance of existing business and IT solutions; including software configuration and development, system and data integration, and management of SaaS products. SQL database applications are at the core of this Software Engineer's day-to-day. This person will strive to ensure that new business solutions are implemented effectively through collaboration and a can-do attitude all the while jumping in to learn new things.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Creates and maintains software solutions to support the Company’s business and IT Operations.
Collaborates with the rest of the engineering team in the documenting of software design of Java, .NET, C#, and SQL databases.
Develop strong code and documentation.
Collaborates with the Business Analysts in the creation, refinement and review of functional and non-functional requirements, and specifications.
Creates deployment scripts and provides detailed documentation for deploying and supporting software.
Collaborates and partners with IT staff and the business during technical meetings, regular code reviews, and technical planning meetings.
Performs system design to produce a robust solution within time and cost requirements.
Facilitates the delivery of artifacts that meets business specifications.
Performs the writing of application and system integration code, defines logical and physical data structures, builds reports, and provides automation scripts.
Partners with IT staff and reviews their documentation to ensure timely delivery and accuracy.
Applies best practices, including design reviews, unit testing, code reviews, and continuous integration/deployment, to minimize, if not eliminate, defects upon delivery.
Identifies and advocates areas for improvement within the IT organization.
Education and Experience

Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; Computer Science, or related degree preferred; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum 3 years of experience working as a software engineer required.

Certificates, Licenses, Registrations

Insurance and MuleSoft Certified Developer preferred.

Knowledge and Skills

Familiarity with design patterns. Experience working with Quality Assurance and Business Analyst teams to deliver quality software on time. Competency in at least 1 programming language such as Java or .NET. Good software design instincts and coding style. Familiar with general programming concepts/paradigms. Some experience with HTML, XML, JSON, and related technologies. Some experience with database design and SQL. Good debugging skills. Basic understanding of Enterprise Web Services and APIs connectivity, protocols and best practices for communication and integration between applications. Basic understanding of secure coding practices and common attack vectors. Knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices and procedures for developing software, including peer reviews and unit testing. Demonstrated ability working as a technical team member.

Physical Requirements

This job operates in a professional office environment. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently will sit, stand, walk, and bend during working hours. Requires manual and finger dexterity and eye-hand coordination. May be required to lift light objects. Requires normal or corrected vision and hearing corrected to a normal range.
