About Us:
ZeMoSo Technologies provides product & data engineering solutions using open source Big Data stacks, Machine Learning and advanced custom visualizations.
In the recent past, we were featured as one of Deloitte Fastest 50 growing tech companies from India.
Our founders have had past successes - founded a decision management company acquired by SAP AG (now part of Hana Big data stack & NetWeaver BPM), early engineering team of Zoho (leading billion $ SaaS player) & some Private Equity experience.
Marquee customers along with some exciting start-ups’ are part of our clientele.
Currently, for our Dallas, TX Centre, we are looking for DevOps Engineers.
Position: DevOps Engineer
Experience: 3-5 or more Years of ZeMoSo Equivalent experience
Location: Dallas, TX, however, we are ok with Candidates who want to telecommute (Only for Citizens of USA)
Role Overview:
The DevOps Engineer is expected to have expertise in building highly available cloud solutions and services, with a strong inclination towards security and automation. This individual will work with various departments to design and develop systems for improving productivity.
Key responsibilities:
Work alongside the leadership team as well as engineering team to successfully implement virtualized cloud computing solutions
Support engineer and development teams with deploying virtualized software services
Administer and support cloud security standards
Develop, deploy and maintain tools to monitor performance and security metrics for deployments
Participate in Agile software development and deployment processes
Qualifications and Skills Required:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or software engineering is preferred.
Minimum 3 years” experience in working with enterprise level services deployment and management
Minimum 3 years” experience in writing Shell Scripts and programming languages such as Java, C/C++, or Python
Experience with Dockers, Dockers Swarm or Kubernetes is required.
Experience with managing CI/CD pipelines, automated testing frameworks is required.
Experience with monitoring platforms such as Datadog, Kibana etc. is a plus.
Knowledge of configuration management tools such as Ansible, Puppet, or Chef is a plus.
Must be familiar with cloud security standards and best practices
Compensation: Annual $80,000/- to $95,000 depending on the profile and experience
Others: Only for Citizens of USA
