Introduction


ASML US brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler Arizona, San Jose and San Diego California, Wilton Connecticut, and Hillsboro Oregon.

This position requires access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require ASML to proceed with applicants who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.

Job Mission


The EUV source is a complex system utilizing a high-power CO2 laser to produce a plasma from liquid Tin droplets.The plasma produces EUV light at 13.5nm wavelength, which enables leading edge EUV scanners for the fabrication of integrated circuits.As the EUV scanners moving into the high volume manufacturing phase, industrialization aspects of EUV source performance such as high availability and automation have become key business drivers.Industrialization Systems Engineering group is responsible for setting roadmaps, defining technical requirements, and overseeing development, validation and implementation of the industrialization elements of EUV source technologies.

The industrialization systems engineering is a technical lead for one or more areas of responsibility within Industrialization SE group in San Diego.The person who will fill this role must possess knowledge of systems engineering methodology with a history of successfully driving development of complex products, be responsible for developing roadmaps for his/her areas of responsibility in support of ASML’s EUV product roadmaps and internal and external customers’ needs.With the roadmap aligned with stakeholders, the person must be able to define deliverables and estimate gains, and drive D&E functions to realize the technology and improvements required to stay on the roadmap.In addition, the industrialization SE architect must be able to from a vision, provide leadership, and manage stakeholders.

The candidate will adhere to and help improve the process established for ASML SE and D&E in general. Also, the candidate will support the manager of Industrialization systems engineering in his effort to strengthen the technical competencies and capabilities of the group, and is expected to become a recognized SE leader for the areas of his/her responsibility within the global ASML D&E organization.

Job Description
Responsible for source industrialization architectures for EUV source, and improving industrialization aspects such as automation, diagnostics, sequence optimization and cycle time reduction, MTTR reduction, cost of ownership reduction, etc.
Develop and execute roadmaps for EUV source industrialization, initiate innovations, and champion significant projects.
Translate the roadmaps into requirements, decompose high level requirements into functional/sub-functional areas of Industrialization technologies, create budgets and definitions, and be responsible for EUV source Industrialization System Design Specifications.
Evaluate and select appropriate and balanced approaches for achieving the industrialization goals, in alignment with Development and Engineering (D&E) functions, and internal and external customers’ needs.
Follow through industrialization developments from requirements to validation.
Work closely with Product SE to develop and implement technical strategies in support of the company’s product roadmap.
Work closely with multiple D&E functions to ensure the EUV source designs to meet the industrialization requirements according to the EUV source development roadmap.
Provide presentations and reports as required to update stakeholders with plans and progresses, identify risks and opportunities, and support key decision points.
Manage stakeholders to drive priority based on roadmap and project goals.
Support product marketing and customer support to manage external customers.
Other duties as assigned.
Education
Requires a Bachelor or higher degree in engineering, physics, applied sciences, or equivalent.
Minimum of 5+ years of applicable experience in semiconductor equipment industry or high-tech industry as a technical contributor, is preferred.
Experience
Experience with complex system design and integration of industrial systems.
Experience with engineering activities for improving industrialization aspects of industrial products such as automation, diagnostics, sequence optimization and cycle time reduction, MTTR reduction, cost of ownership reduction, etc.
Ability to see a big picture and form a vision, at the same time to work on engineering developments.
Ability to cross functional boundaries to build relationships with many areas in the company.
Ability to search, listen, and recognize company and customers’ needs, and translate into roadmaps and requirements.
Good interpersonal skills and a proven capability to clearly convey and discuss technical matters in both written and verbally.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team.
Demonstrated sustained drive for results
Excellent interpersonal and teamworking skills.
Excellent negotiation and decision-making skills.
Ability to influence, motivate, coach, and lead.
Ability to work in a multi-cultural environment.
Possess knowledge and experience in capital equipment product development.
Possess time management skills.
Well organized in tracking project and task progresses.
Personal skills
Domestic and overseas travels for greater than 25% of time may be required.
May be required to work evenings and weekends as well as long hours based on business needs.
Other information


PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch.
The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
May require travel dependent on business needs.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
Can work under deadlines.
The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Responsibilities include periodic travel to regional and overseas sites for product technical support and special support projects.
Work may include onsite technical support involving heavy lifting of equipment & modules.
Position will require technical work activity in a clean-room production environment and/or laboratory setting.
The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
Occasionally may be exposed to loud noise bursts and may be exposed to toxic gases (fluorine).
Must be able to work in small, confined spaces.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability
