Requisition Number: 207550Position Title: Cloud Services Engineer (II)External Description:Our CompanyWith all the expenditures made in analytics, it's time to stop buying into partial solutions that overpromise and underdeliver. It's time to invest in answers. Only Teradata leverages all of the data, all of the time, so customers can analyze anything, deploy anywhere, and deliver analytics that matter most to them. And we do it on-premises, in the Cloud, or anywhere in between, throughout the world. We call this pervasive data intelligence. It's the new way we transform how businesses work and people live through the power of data.Your OpportunityThis Software Engineer position is responsible for all phases of software development life cycle from software design, Service operations through customer support. We are looking for someone who is willing to jump in and learn some of the cloud technologies and help us build a highly scalable cloud service.* Handling complex dependencies in software design, implementation, testing, documentation and support and maintenance activities as well as software packaging* Build low friction APIs, highly responsive web UIs, and the backend to support them.* Communicate effectively with other engineers and QA* First-level test engineer with excellent analyst skills* Use knowledge and experience to influence the design and implementation approaches and solutionsBasic Qualifications* Bachelors in Computer Science with 2+ years of experience* Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, algorithm design, and complexity analysis* A passion for cloud technology, API design, and responsive UX* Demonstrated proficiency with at least one modern general-purpose programming languages like JavaScript, Java, C++, Go, Python, etc.* Ability to build an end-to-end user experience as part of a service oriented product.Preferred Qualifications* Masters in Computer Science* Python programming experience* Web-based development experience* Familiarity with dev-ops software development methods.* Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, testing, and operations.* Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.* Experience with cloud services like AWS or Microsoft Azure.* Experience with Docker container related technologies like Kubernetes, Mesos, etc.* Experience with Java IDE's, Source Control and Problem Tracking tools* Previous/current Teradata experience or knowledge of relational database engines.* Experience with automated deployments and source code / configuration management tools - GitHub, AWS CloudFormation, Jenkins, Chef, Ansible, Puppet, Vagrant, Terraform, etc.Position could be based in the following R&D office locations: Bellevue, WA; San Diego, CA; Santa Clara, CA; Austin, TX; or Raleigh, NCCountryEEOText_Description: Teradata invites all identities and backgrounds in the workplace. We work with deliberation and intent to ensure we are cultivating collaboration and inclusivity across our global organization. We are proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, color, ancestry, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related conditions), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, medical condition, genetic information, gender identity or expression, military and veteran status, or any other legally protected status.City: San DiegoState: CaliforniaCommunity / Marketing Title: Cloud Software EngineerJob Category: EngineeringCompany Profile:Considering COVID-19, we are still hiring but conducting virtual interviews to keep our candidates and employees safe. Many roles will be temporarily remote or work from home to comply with current safety regulations. These roles will be required to be in the office once it is safe or restrictions are lifted. Read more on our response here: Teradata Response to COVID-19With all the investments made in analytics, it's time to stop buying into partial solutions that overpromise and underdeliver. It's time to invest in answers. Only Teradata leverages all of the data, all of the time, so that customers can analyze anything, deploy anywhere, and deliver analytics that matter most to them. And we do it at scale, on-premises, in the Cloud, or anywhere in between.We call this Pervasive Data Intelligence. It's the answer to the complexity, cost, and inadequacy of today's analytics. And it's the way Teradata transforms how businesses work and people live through the power of data throughout the world. Join us and help create the era of Pervasive Data Intelligence.Location_formattedLocationLong: San Diego, California US
