Classy's Product Technology team is hiring a Senior Full-Stack Software Engineer to build and extend our fundraising products, analytics platform, and visualization tools for the next phase of our business. The ideal candidate is well-versed in full stack development and comfortable in creating all layers of the application from database through to the user interface. We want to talk to you if you can see beyond the {brackets} and love transforming designs and mockups into highly-scalable, fault-tolerant products.

What you'll do:
Analyze, design, and develop software that delivers clean, maintainable code within a large, complex, and established code base.
Learn and grow your skills by working collaboratively with experienced and engaged developers to design new features and re-architect existing ones.
Within an Agile environment, work as part of a Scrum team and develop web-based software solutions.
Mentor engineers to become proficient developers using best software development practices and processes.
What you bring (Required):
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
5+ years of professional software development experience with server-side, web-based technologies (full stack preferred)
Excellent understanding of distributed software architecture with experience debugging distributed systems with high data loads.
High-level proficiency with Javascript ES6, Node.js, PHP, React and/or Angular, Linux.
Familiarity with GraphQL, Elasticsearch, Docker, AWS (EC2, ECS, Lambda, SNS).
Ability to understand product requirements and translate them into technical subtasks.
Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies.
Proficiency in schema design in relational or NoSQL databases (MySQL, MongoDB).
Deep experience with code versioning tools (GIT/Bitbucket).
A deep sense of quality, and sharp engineering skills with strong computer science fundamentals.
What would be awesome to have (Preferred):
Experience with refactoring complex architecture to microservice patterns
Experience with payment systems (Stripe, Cybersource, WePay)
Experience building PCI compliant systems
Our amazing perks!
Unlimited PTO
10 half-day Fridays a year
20 hours paid volunteer time off
Monthly parking pass, public transit pass, or rideshare allowance
Supplemental Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance, available day one
401(k) plan
Dog friendly office
Fitness membership discounts
Love the active life? We have company and team outings and participate in team sports
Monthly employee development courses
New expansive office in downtown San Diego overlooking Petco Park baseball stadium and the ocean
About Classy

Classy is a social enterprise that creates world-class online fundraising software for nonprofits, modernizing the giving experience to accelerate social impact around the world. Recognized as one of the most valuable tech startups in San Diego, Classy is trusted by organizations of all sizes, from the fastest-growing nonprofits like Team Rubicon and The Trevor Project, to some of the world's largest social organizations, such as The Salvation Army, Robin Hood Foundation, and Shriners Hospitals for Children. Working for Classy means you're an integral part of our mission—to mobilize and empower the world for good—and our unique culture. You'll learn, contribute to amazing customer experiences, and flourish alongside colleagues who are determined to make a lasting social impact. For more information, visit www.classy.org or follow Classy on Twitter @Classy.

Dedication to Diversity

Classy is working toward building a more diverse and inclusive environment that is representative of individuals of all backgrounds, experiences, and lifestyles, allowing all employees to feel comfortable being their true, authentic selves in a space that enables productivity and meaningful work.
