Job Description
Xator seeks enthusiastic, positive, and proactive self-starters to join our team. Our leadership aims to attract and retain the best and brightest employees, maintain an environment built on trust and pride, and encourage individual and team achievements. We uphold ourselves to an exceptional professional standard of conduct, setting ourselves apart from our competition.

Xator is dedicated to creating and maintaining a lifelong learning environment. We encourage forward-thinking, innovation, and out-of-the-box ideas in an inclusive environment. Our training and continuing education programs allows us to constantly improve services and deliver innovation to our customers. We invest in our employees and they, in turn, advance our clients' mission.

Clearance Requirement: Active or Current TS/SCI clearance

POSITION OVERVIEW

We are seeking a Data Scientist to support our Engineering and Analysis business unit in Washington D.C. to provide support the Center for International Safety & Security (CISS) located within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Undersecretary for Management (USM), Office of the Chief Security Officer (OCSO), Threat Management Office (TMO). The ideal candidate will have experience working with DHS through related mission support services and strategically sourced intelligence functions.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS)
The Contractor shall provide analytic expertise to projects and offices throughout the foreign access management (FAM) mission space.
The Contractor will conduct data analysis using existing technology products, and interfacing with agency supporting offices.
Duties include but are not limited to: Carrying out research and evaluation projects for the program which involves the evaluation of complex sample survey designs.
Researching and the evaluation of large and varied literature to develop innovative ways to improve existing data utilization methodologies.
Applying data management and analysis techniques to study, gather, interpret, develop, and report on operational policy and resource data; serving as an expert on data creation and utilization principles.
Ability to prepare a variety of analytical reports, memoranda, and technical documents on DHS issues.
Planning, developing, coordinating, and participating in agency research programs and projects.
Determining feasibility of agency data sources for analytics and recommending or determining appropriate analytic methods and procedures. Ensuring the collection of data and use of collection systems to satisfy immediate, mid-range, and long-term data collection requirements.
Providing technical advice to agency management officials and developing plans for agency programs, operations, objectives, policies, and procedures. Ensuring systemic procedures are applicable to established operational objectives. Evaluating and monitoring execution of analytic projects to ensure that the implementation of the capability will yield relevant and accurate results.
Project management to include but not limited to the development and implementation of an intake/output process, prioritization methodology, metrics, and communications.
JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Education
Bachelor’s degree
Experience
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution with 6 years of IC or military data science experience, other specialized training or experiences such as equivalent academic or professional research.
OR ten plus years of experience in the IC or military data science experience with an associate degree in a non-relevant area.
Specialized Knowledge/Skills Requirements
U.S. Citizenship and existing Top Secret/SCI security clearance
Demonstrated relevant expertise supporting U.S. Federal Government as a Database Administrator/Manager/Systems Engineer, with hands-on experience with database standards and end user applications.
Contractor personnel work independently, with limited supervision, and provide comprehensive and completed projects.
Must have outstanding verbal and written communication skills.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.

Powered by JazzHR
