pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

Seeking a digital design engineer lead, who will report to the Director of IC Design, to grow the digital capabilities of the Power IC group, architect and lead the digital systems inside DC-DC, improve on and enforce proper design methodologies and manage a small group of designers. This position has 1 direct report and can be located in San Diego, CA or Burlington, MA.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Product Definition: work with marketing and analog engineers to define digital architectures
Product Design and Evaluation
Manage external contractors as required
Product Documentation: Document all relevant product and design information to educate others on novel design techniques and provide guidance on product usage
Act as a mentor and provide guidance to junior engineers
Team and project management
Participate in interviewing prospective candidates
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Displaying Technical Expertise: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others
Delegating Responsibility: Provides people with clear objectives and allows them to take ownership for their goals; gives people a mix of tasks that challenge but do not overwhelm them; acts as a resource people can utilize to help accomplish their goals
Making Accurate Judgments and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions
Developing Plans: Clearly defines goals and the actions required to accomplish them; considers possible changes, constraints or other obstacles that might impact plans; accurately estimates time and resources need to accomplish tasks
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
6 years of related experience in digital design inclusive but not limited to the following:
Familiarity with PMBus, SVID, SPI and/or I2C interfaces in specification, design and verification
Ability to specify, design, verify and validate high-speed logic from ground-up, extensive experience in the complete Digital ASIC design flow, frontend RTL Design, Logic Synthesis, Verification, Static Timing Analysis, DFT including Scan insertion and Functional Test Vectors
Knowledge of high-speed I/O design a strong plus
ProficienyC with Verilog, Cadence and Spice
Hands-on experience in the lab and debugging a plus
Firmware experience (C++ for linux) a plus
Demonstrated working Silicon in more than one foundry
BCD 0.18um and 0.13um experience a plus
Project management experience
System-level experience in Power Management a plus
Strong written and verbal communication skills as this role requires coordination and project management within a geographically dispersed team
Preferred Qualifications
Record of successfully releasing IC products to market
1-2 years technical lead or project management experience
Education Requirements
BS degree in Electrical Engineering
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
