SUMMARY: We are seeking a Mid Tactical Link System Engineer to work on an exciting Department of Defense contract to provide Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) Support Services. These positions will support the Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) in their work to transform, modernize, improve, and sustain current and future operational maritime tactical Command and Control needs into effective and affordable C2 capabilities for Navy, Marine Corps, Joint, and Coalition warfighters. The overarching goal is to integrate programs into single C2 capabilities, provide configuration and scalable solutions to various platforms, and align to the FORCEnet roadmap.

KEY ROLE: Utilize engineering experience with USN shipboard combat systems, the Command and Control Processor (C2P), and Link 16 systems to provide technical combat system and tactical data link system architecture support including tactical data link functional allocation and interfaces between specific combat system and tactical data link systems. Conduct technical investigations in systems design. Provide technical guidance or support for the development or troubleshooting of systems. Apply system engineering principles and expertise to review and provide technical comments on the specifications and interface documents that establish the Functional Baseline (FBL), Allocated Baseline (ABL) and Product Baseline (PBL), to include reviewing Technical Data Packages. Define, design, and develop new system requirements and allocation of System and Subsystem requirements. Coordinate design of subsystems and integration of total system. Conduct technical investigations in systems design. Prepare documentation such as system specifications, test procedures, and presentations for technical briefings as required. Conduct systems engineering, engineering analyses, trade studies and feasibility assessments in support of systems engineering activities including technical support for Analyses of Alternatives (AoAs). Review architectures describing engineering requirements and solutions. Review engineering architectures that address implementation issues. Review or develop engineering reference implementations and tools to validate policies, procedures and compliance with standards Review system-level integration test and evaluation plans and procedures, identify and report deficiencies, originate reviews for operations and maintenance procedures or checklists for fielded systems. Support system requirements development and allocation to product baselines for new ship construction platforms.

REQUIRED SKILLS:
Two (2) years with USN shipboard combat systems with the Command and Control Processor (C2P) and Link 16 systems.
Knowledge of shipboard combat system and tactical data link system architecture to include tactical data link functional allocation and interfaces between specific combat system and tactical data link systems.
Bachelor's degree in Engineering (Computer, Electrical, Mechanical, etc.).
Active DoD Secret clearance.
Titanium Cobra Solutions is an organization that has a long history of GETTING THE JOB DONE; on-time, on-budget, and within the highest standards of quality. Our staff has a passion to truly make a difference for our client community by tactfully challenging the status quo, while delivering effective solutions that create business value for our customers. Our solution-focused team is a collection of technical, project, and process-oriented professionals who collectively make the impossible, possible. If you are up to the challenge of an always evolving agile organization with ideals that value their personnel’s value – Come join our team.

EOE STATEMENT

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
USN shipboard combat systems with (C2P) and Link 16 systems: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Application Question:
What are your salary expectations? Please specify (Year/Hour)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
8 hour shift
Company's website:
https://www.titaniumcobra.com/
