The Solutions Engineer is technical resource that will be leveraged by the sales team to develop customer facing solutions for new sales opportunities and provide guidance to the sales team as required.

Essential Functions:
Supporting the Sales Team in Texas and other markets as required
Direct prospect engagement, leading building and site tours, sales calls and proposal generation, pricing and contract negotiations
Prepare space plans of customer colo requirements which integrate with CyrusOne’s datacenter offerings.
Prepare & present customer facing technical presentations regarding CyrusOne’s datacenter offerings and customer specific solutions.
Primary responder for all technical customer RFP questions
Assist in the develop “cost-engineering” and profitability models for sales opportunities
Provide primary input channel for operations from sales teams
Liaise with professional community; attend technical forums.
Monitor and evaluate trends in prospect, customer and target tenant base
Minimum Requirements:
4 years of experience in telecommunications, networking, Internet, Enterprise Computing/Software, data security, colocation, hosting, facilities, mission-critical construction or related fields.
Requires direct experience in sales, sales engineering and/or design and construction of mission critical facilities.
Ability to comprehend, analyze and interpret complex project documents; Expert application software skills including; Tileflow CFD, AutoCAD, MS Word, MS Excel, Visio and Adobe Acrobat.
Ability to apply installation standards and project tracking/management documents.
Ability to effectively respond, verbally or written, to sensitive issues, complex inquiries or complaints.
Ability to make effective written presentations and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers and the general public.
Requires a high level of commitment to customer service, whether co-workers or client
Experience/Skills:4 to 6 years

Education: Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university in a physical science or engineering discipline. Equivalent educational and professional experience may substitute for this requirement.

CyrusOne is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status.

CyrusOne provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and any other state or local laws. We will respond to requests for reasonable accommodations to assist you in applying for positions at CyrusOne, or to submit a resume. If you need to request an accommodation, please contact our Human Resources at 214.488.1365 (Option 7) or by email at HR@cyrusone.com.
