Position required to sit in San Diego! Relocation assistance is provided.

For immediate consideration please email your resume to: research_engineer__862b4af22@ivy.greenhouse.io

Company Overview


Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!

TuSimple is a global Artificial Intelligence Technology Company. We are the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are multiple generations ahead of anyone in the world. While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.

TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first GLOBALLY commercially viable autonomous truck driving platform!

Job Description:

Our deep learning team helps autonomous trucks sense and perceive the world. With strong programming skills, you will play an important role in perfecting deep learning algorithms into product-level modules running on TuSimple's autonomous driving trucks.

What You'll Do:
Deliver high-quality and reliable code for deep learning modules on autonomous driving trucks
Build and maintain efficient pipelines and reliable benchmarks for improving deep learning model performance.
Optimize training and deployment process for deep learning models.
Collaborate with other engineers to conduct system integration and tests.
What You'll Bring:
1-5+ years of professional experience working with autonomous vehicles.
Masters in Computer Science or other related field.
Product-quality code in C++ and/or Python.
Experience in designing and building machine learning/deep learning data pipelines.
Knowledge in deep learning topics including but not limited to detection, segmentation, and 3D perception.
Preferred:
PhD Computer Science or related field.
Experience in designing and building front-ends for helping monitor experiments, visualize benchmarks etc.
Knowledge and experience in neural network computation optimization, such as distributed training, network quantization, and CUDA acceleration.
Experience in FPGA/Embedded systems/High performance computing.
Prior academic or industrial experience in autonomous driving.
Perks
Visa sponsorship is available for this position
Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement
Competitive salary and benefits
30% Bonus.
Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner
Shape the landscape of autonomous driving
100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan
Company 401(K) program
Company paid life insurance
Company paid education/training.
Company paid gym membership.
TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items.

For immediate consideration please email your resume to: research_engineer__862b4af22@ivy.greenhouse.io
