This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

Do you want to shape the future of Big Data and the Internet of Things? Do you want to build, create, and dream up cutting-edge solutions? If you eat, breathe, sleep and exist for technology – and wear your smarts like a badge of honor, join our team of like-minded individuals and let’s do this. You’ll have plenty of challenges and opportunities to take on. There’s never a dull moment around here.
Responsibilities:

As part of our dynamic team of Software Engineers, you will:
Build best in class application software and services for our SaaS technology Platform
Design, code, unit test and debug application features as specified
Partner with Software Leads and Product Owner to deliver and gain QA acceptance
Leverage Agile principles and practices to deliver the highest possible quality, performance and feature velocity
Work with Agile software team to scope work and produce estimates
Leverage technology knowledge to implement product solutions
Requirements:
B.S. degree in Computer Science or related field
4+ years’ experience building great software, preferably on SaaS or Platform products
2+ years’ experience in Java technologies, ideally with Spring/Hibernate experience
1+ years’ experience with web browser technologies, such as CSS3, HTML5, AJAX, preferably with strong JavaScript experience
Hands-on experience designing and developing web services (e.g. REST, SOAP, JSON, XML)
Experience with Java App Server technology (e.g. Tomcat), RDBMS (e.g. MySQL, Oracle)
Experience in developing scalable and reliable web applications/platforms, including integration with internal and external systems
Experience using tools such as Pivotal, GitHub, Jenkins/CruiseControl
Understands fundamentals of Agile methodologies - iterative development, SCRUM, UAT, continuous integration
Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, and unit testing
Groovy/Grails experience is a plus
NoSQL technology (e.g. MongoDB, Riak) a plus
An understanding of Telematics, Mapping Applications, or Mobile Resource Management is a plus
Rewards:
Voted 2018 IoT Vehicle Telematics Company of the Year and winner of Golden Bridge Award for Excellence in Customer Service
Work with the Best and Brightest Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Spireon University for ongoing Learning, Wellness and Professional Development Programs
Happy Hours, Car Washes Onsite, Local Food Trucks, Fun Team Building Events
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services
