Your Role


The role of the Data Engineer is to work on end-to-end integration of new data sources coming in across different projects into the Innovaccer data platform.
Data Acquisition: Analyse data from varied sources like databases, CSVs, XMLs and other formats and write SQL commands/scripts/code to transform them
Data Management: Handle incoming data, validate it to ensure usability, map it to platform specifications and perform verification on the same
Platform ingestion: Get trained on and then build pipelines to import incoming data onto the platform
Issue analysis and resolution: Own the process end-to-end, identify issues & resolve the same
A Day in the Life
Design and build interfaces to facilitate workflows between client third party systems and the Data Activation Platform
Define and document best practices along with thorough message specifications
Understand Innovaccer data warehousing concepts and implement best practices
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data marts for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
What You Need
3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and MongoDB
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Scala etc.
Experience in Healthcare Data Analytics with a focus on the understanding of healthcare data formats (CCDA, HL7, etc.)
Preferred Skills
Healthcare Data experience
Data Analytics and Visualization (PowerBI , Sisense)
Presentation and documentation skills
Value-Based Care knowledge
What We Offer
Industry-focused Certifications: We want you to be a subject matter expert in what you do. So, whether it’s our product or our domain, you will dive straight in and be certified by the best in the world.
Quarterly Rewards and Recognition Programs: We foster learning and encourage people to take moonshots. When you achieve your goals, we recognize and reward your hard work.
Health Benefits: We cover health insurance for you and your loved ones.
Sabbatical Policy: We encourage people to take time off and rejuvenate, upskill and pursue their interests so that they can generate new ideas for innovating at Innovaccer.
Pet-friendly office and open floor plan. No mundane cubicles.


Apply Here


Job Title

Data Engineer


Department

Customer Engineering


Employment Type

Full Time


Location

Dallas, TX
