BICP is partnered with an iconic retail client to hire a Machine Learning Data Engineer to join the global Data, Analytics & AI team. Our clients singular focus is to revolutionize and redefine the apparel business. The global Data, Analytics & AI is best framed up as having the vibe of a startup but with considerable technology assets at your fingertips, where you will have a chance to work with the latest and greatest technologies to deliver cutting edge solutions that will significantly impact how we do business. As a ML Data Engineer, you will build a solid data foundation that powers the entire spectrum from Business Intelligence to Artificial Intelligence. You’ll be critical to helping us in our transition from batch to real-time, one-to-one to many-to-many connections, centrally-managed infrastructure to self-service tools that allow easy experimentation, and from manual to automated processes.

This role will work closely with the Data Science and AI team and will focus on enablement and acceleration of new and existing workflows. We need someone who will bring thoughtful perspective, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to solve problems at scale. This role is ideal for someone looking to extend software engineering skills into the field of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.

Job Responsibilities
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for data analyses, model development, validation and implementation
Work closely with data scientists and analysts to create and deploy new features
Write efficient and well-organized software to ship products in an iterative, continual-release environment
Monitor and plan out core infrastructure enhancements
Contribute to and promote good software engineering practices across the team
Mentor and educate team members to adopt best practices in writing and maintaining production code
Communicate clearly and effectively to technical and non-technical audiences
Actively contribute to and re-use community best practices
Embody the values and passions that characterize company’s values with empathy to engage with colleagues from a wide range of backgrounds
Required Skills
University or advanced degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or a related field
Strong experience working with a variety of relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Strong experience working with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience with at least one cloud provider solution (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Strong experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
Ability to work in Linux environment
Experience working with APIs
Strong knowledge of data pipeline and workflow management tools
Expertise in standard software engineering methodology, e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation
Experience creating ETL processes that prepare data for consumption appropriately
Experience in setting up, maintaining and optimizing databases for production usage in reporting, analysis and ML applications
Working in a collaborative environment and interacting effectively with technical and non-technical team members equally well
Relevant working experience with Docker and Kubernetes preferred
Ability to work with ML frameworks preferred
Additional Key Metrics
Preference will be given to candidates either based in, or willing to relocate to, Dallas/Ft. Worth or San Francisco area.
US Citizens, Green Card & H1B Visa holders are eligible for consideration and welcome to apply. Client has ability to transfer H1B’s and sponsor.
Start date is ASAP and compensation is negotiable contingent on experience and qualifications.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $150,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Employee Discount
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Supplemental Pay:
Signing Bonus
Experience:
AWS, Azure or GCP: 1 year (Preferred)
Scala: 1 year (Preferred)
Kafka: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 3 years (Required)
Python: 1 year (Required)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)
Docker: 1 year (Preferred)
NoSQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Spark: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Store Discounts
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift
