This role may also be located in our Playa Vista, CA campus.

Remote locations may be available in:
Des Moines, IA
Indianapolis, IN
Kansas City or Overland Park, KS
Louisville, KY
Mississippi
Raleigh, NC
Omaha, NE
Cleveland, Ohio
Oklahoma City or Tulsa, OK
Philadelphia, PA
Nashville, TN
Houston, TX
Madison or Milwaukee, WI


Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Boulder, CO, USA; Charlotte, NC, USA; Cincinnati, OH, USA; Dallas, TX, USA; Farmington Hills, MI, USA; Irvine, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Reston, VA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Salt Lake City, UT, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
Experience with traditional Analytic Warehouse solutions, “Big Data” technologies, Real Time Streaming, performance, and scalability optimizations.
Experience in implementing analytics systems architecture, e.g. data migration, streaming, security, metadata management, visualization tools.
Experience with cloud computing including cloud market and competitive dynamics; experience delivering technical presentations.
Preferred qualifications:
Extensive technical sales experience or professional consulting experience in the fields of cloud computing, data, information lifecycle management, and Big Data.
Experience with developing data warehousing, data lakes, batch or real-time event processing and ETL workflows solutions (i.e. Informatica, Talend, Alooma, SAP, Data Services) which could include architecture design, implementing, tuning, schema design, and query optimization of scalable and distributed systems.
Experience in writing code in a common development languages such as Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Scala, R or Go.
Ability to address DNS, TCP, Firewalls, Proxy Servers, Load Balancing, VPN and VPC and working knowledge of Linux.
About the job


When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.

With companies relying on Google Cloud, we regularly answer questions about technical features, helping customers design architectures, engage in proof of concepts, and troubleshoot potential roadblocks related to database migration and data back ends.

As a Sales Engineer for Data Analytics, you'll utilize both your technical and communication skills to address all aspects of the data lifecycle.

Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
Responsibilities
Support local sales teams in pursuit of key business opportunities, engage customers to address aspects of the data lifecycle.
Identify business and technical requirements, conduct full technical discovery, and architect client solutions to meet gathered requirements.
Take responsibility for leading technical projects, including such activities as technology advocacy, supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources.
Work hands-on with Google Cloud Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments. Travel as required around EMEA for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.
Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight the Google Cloud Platform value proposition, using techniques that include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers and RFI response documents.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
