Your Future. Built Smarter. IMEG Corp., one of the largest design consulting firms in the U.S., is currently seeking a Senior Electrical Engineer in our Dallas, TX Office. With a global footprint of 40 offices and a deep bench of nearly 1,300 team members, we know the technical skills of our people is our product and we strive to build long-lasting client relationships through our guiding principles, expertise, and collaborative project approach.

As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will be responsible for:
Complete design by discipline for projects of all sizes;
Makes major design recommendations and design decisions with little input from senior staff;
Plans design work, calculates costs, and time schedules to assign design duties to junior staff working on projects;
Coordinates design and schedule with other disciplines such as architectural, structural, mechanical, technology, clerical, and equipment suppliers
Maintains project design notebook and provides documentation data for permanent project files;
Acts as an adviser and reviews correspondence prepared by junior project team members;
Evaluates project staffing requirements, analyzes problems, and writes reports;
Attends project meetings, or when appropriate, can request junior staff to attend;
Meets with clients, prepares proposals and presentations while maintaining good client relations;
Identifies prospective clients, assists in marketing to develop new clients, and develops future projects with existing clients;
Assists in project checking for quality control on other projects;
Qualified candidates should possess the following skills, education, and experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering;
Professional Engineer License;
Minimum 8 years previous design experience at a Senior Level;
Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans and drawings;
Knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of buildings and structures;
Mastery of the technical aspects of one’s discipline;
Leadership abilities;
Skill in the use of Microsoft programs and BIM software;
Ability to clearly communicate clearly in both oral and written communication to individuals or groups;
Ability to perform final quality control check in their area of expertise.
IMEG Corp., an employee owned corporation, is committed to investing in employees’ futures through structured programs including formal mentoring, opportunities for career advancement and professional development. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including generous PTO, flexible schedule, and assistance with tuition reimbursement. Additionally, employees are eligible to enroll in health, dental, vision, and life insurance on their first day of employment.

Ready to engineer your career? Apply today!

IMEG Corp. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities in all employment practices, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, age, veteran’s status, disability, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.
