We are at the forefront of change in this rapidly evolving lending market. mello™, the Greek word for “future,” was the product of a recent $80+ million dollar investment in research & development to transform & streamline the home buying process into a digital experience like no other competitor offers. But mello™ is just the beginning… loanDepot will continue to invest in developing our own advanced technology ecosystem built around serving our customers & enabling our valued employees to provide exceptional service. We have funding, we have opportunities, you have ideas—it’s a perfect match. Come join us!

loanDepot — We are America’s Lender.

Position Summary:

Responsible for delivering senior-level innovative, compelling, coherent software solutions for our consumer, internal operations and value chain constituents across a wide variety of enterprise applications through the creation of discrete business services and their supporting components. The job duties and requirements are defined for the backend. The senior role provides technical leadership and mentorship to junior team members. This position ensures the performance of all duties in accordance with the company’s policies and procedures, all U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, wherein the company operates.

Responsibilities:
Designs, develops and delivers solutions that meet business line and enterprise requirements.
Creates enterprise-grade application services.
Participates in rapid prototyping and POC development efforts.
Advances overall enterprise technical architecture and implementation best practices.
Assists in efforts to develop and refine functional and non-functional requirements.
Participates in iteration and release planning.
Performs functional and non-functional testing.
Contributes to overall enterprise technical architecture and implementation best practices.
Informs efforts to develop and refine functional and non-functional requirements.
Demonstrates knowledge of, adherence to, monitoring and responsibility for compliance with state and federal regulations and laws as they pertain to this position.
Strong ability to produce high-quality, properly functioning deliverables the first time.
Delivers work product according to established deadlines.
Estimates tasks with a level of granularity and accuracy commensurate with the information provided.
Works collaboratively in a small team.
Excels in a rapid iteration environment with short turnaround times.
Deals positively with high levels of uncertainty, ambiguity, and shifting priorities.
Accepts a wide variety of tasks and pitches in wherever needed.
Constructively presents, discusses and debates alternatives.
Takes shared ownership of the product.
Communicates effectively both verbally and in writing.
Takes direction from team leads and upper management.
Ability to work with little to no supervision while performing duties.
Experience designing enterprise database systems using Microsoft SQL Server preferred.
Experience with advanced queries, stored procedures, views, triggers, etc.
Experience with indexing and normalization.
Experience of performance tuning queries.
Experience of both DDL and DML.
Experience of database administration
Experience in Visual Studio 2013/2015 and SSIS to develop enterprise ETL processes.
Understanding of data mart and data warehousing concepts including variant schemas (Star, Snowflake).
Deep understanding of one or more source/version control systems. Develops branching and merging strategies.
Working understanding of Web API, REST, JSON.
Working understanding of unit testing creation.
Knowledge of cubes and SSAS is a plus.
Requirements:
Experience in the Mortgage industry preferred.
Bachelor’s Degree preferred, and/or a minimum of four (4) + related work experience.
The Perks:
Competitive compensation reliant on ability & experience.
Excellent benefits package including multiple health, dental & vision options.
Company paid life and AD&D Insurance, as well as additional voluntary benefit possibilities.
401K with robust company match.
DTO in addition to 8 paid company holidays.
The opportunity to work for America’s Lender under the vision of industry legend, Anthony Hsieh.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
