Position: Data Center position

Location: Dallas, TX (Remote Until COVID situation improves)

Duration: 18+months contract

JD:

Under direct supervision, responsible for all activities related to Data Center and system administration of the server environment, both physical and virtual.

Responsible for the installation, maintenance, configuration and integrity of Data Center hardware and software in accordance with established IT policies and procedures.

Implement Scripts and system enhancements that will improve the reliability and performance of the Data Center.

On a rotation provide 24/7 on-call support as necessary to maintain the high level of integrity and availability for the IT infrastructure at our local Branches and Data Centers.

Required Qualifications:

Requires 3-5 years’ experience hands-on supporting various data center hardware, responsibilities include: rack/stack server and storage hardware, copper and fiber cabling, console logins, able to lift 50 lbs.

Requires 3-5 years’ experience with enterprise server environment.

Requires 3-5 years’ experience with Windows Server operating systems.

Requires 3-5 years’ experience of working with VMware Vcenter.

Requires experience with automation and scripting in PowerShell or Python.

Requires knowledge of vendor related hardware including HPE and Dell.

Preferred but not required

Experience with Hitachi, Netapp and 3PAR storage arrays

Experience with Brocade fiber channel SAN switches

Experience with CentOS and RHEL Linux operating systems

Experience with Nutanix Acropolis

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $40.00 - $50.00 per hour

Experience:
Windows Server operating systems: 5 years (Required)
VMware Vcenter: 3 years (Required)
Data Center Engineer: 5 years (Required)
knowledge of vendor related hardware including HPE and Dell: 1 year (Required)
automation and scripting in PowerShell or Python: 1 year (Required)
enterprise server environment: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
