DC Ops Engineer - Plano, TX

Imperva is a leading cybersecurity provider delivering best-in-class solutions to protect data and applications – wherever they reside – on-premises, in the cloud, and across hybrid environments.

Our customers include leading enterprises, government organizations, SMBs, and service providers who rely on Imperva Incapsula to securely deliver their websites and applications at lightning speed.

Please Note:
Local candidates will only be considered
Sponsorship and/or Immigration assistance is not available at this time

The Opportunity:

This role requires to maintain develop and build the core of our network, the main task is to deliver exceptional growth to our network. You will effectively be involved in design development and integration of our network in global scope, offline tasks and high complex duties, with a high level of technical knowledge. This team is also taking part of supporting customers, a 4TB global network which spans across 5 continents with over 45 locations.

Responsibilities:
Take full responsibility to ensure service delivery, implantation and development in the network.
Work with Imperva internal stakeholders to achieve customer objectives
Be confident enough to make decisions in due course of a project, either to improve the deliverables or to avoid any delays or issues
Day-to-day network performance monitoring and troubleshooting
Network troubleshooting and fault analysis
HLD/LLD Documentation for new and existing services
On site Data Center Deployments
Be responsible for maintaining, upgrading our Data centers across the globe
Be responsible for maintaining, upgrading our Infrastructure including, connectivity, physical layer, routing
Qualifications;
Able to analysis problems and conduct effective fault diagnosis and system recovery
Capable of prioritizing and managing you own workload
Self-motivated
Minimum 3 years of experience in Technical Support OR Networking OR QA of Network/Security products
Prior experience with web servers (Nginx, IIS and more) – An Advantage
S. in Engineering/Computer Science or equivalent experience in a technical field an advantage
Knowledge of Networking Protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, SSL)
Prior experience with Linux and other Unix operating systems
Skills with routing protocols (BGP, OSPF) an advantage
Proven problem-solving skills with a strong sense of customer commitment
Prior scripting experience (Python, Perl, Shell) an advantage
To Apply: Visit our Careers page
Our Company:
Imperva is an analyst-recognized, cybersecurity leader—championing the fight to secure data and applications wherever they reside. Once deployed, our solutions proactively identify, evaluate, and eliminate current and emerging threats, so you never have to choose between innovating for your customers and protecting what matters most. Imperva—Protect the pulse of your business. Learn more: www.imperva.com, our blog, on Twitter.
Legal Notice:
Imperva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.

#LI-MS1
