MORE ABOUT THIS JOB

ENGINEERING

What We Do

At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don't just make things - we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets.

Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here.

Who We Look For

Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment.

RISK

The Risk division is responsible for credit, market and operational risk, model risk, independent liquidity risk, and insurance throughout the firm.

The Risk Data Office drives the Risk division's data-centric approach to increase efficiency, reduce manual processing, create consistency for data usage and improve decision making. RDO owns the division's data framework, ensures compliance with relevant regulations, and plays a central role in all data initiatives.

The group is uniquely positioned to work on projects that cover multiple risk groups and drive collaboration across the division and has team members in New York and London.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS

Job Responsibilities
Drive projects for strategic data acquisition. Identify and implement plans to close data gaps to meet risk management needs and business strategy
Realize value from data analytics and drive a data driven culture
Track, understand and measure data and data quality to unlock efficiencies and value for the division
Ensure all data used to drive risk decisions is well cataloged, understood and owned.
Evolve, maintain and enforce the data governance framework and program
Work with senior stakeholders to agree on data standards
Make connections between data and analytics initiatives and business objectives to drive the departments data strategy
Build strong relationships across the firm to drive and implement the firm's and risk data vision
Keep abreast with industry trends and competitors to identify and respond to new opportunities; become a go-to expert in the data space.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, computer science, hard sciences, financial engineering or finance.
Excellent analytical, quantitative, interpersonal and organizational skills. Team oriented.
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.
