This role may also be located on our Playa Vista campus.

Remote locations may be available in the following:

Connecticut
Florida
Des Moines, IA
Indianapolis, IN
Kansas City and Overland Park, KS
Louisville, KY
Mississippi
Raleigh, NC
Omaha, NE
Oklahoma City and Tulsa, OK
Pennsylvania
Nashville, TN
Houston, TX


Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Charlotte, NC, USA; Cincinnati, OH, USA; Addison, TX, USA; Farmington Hills, MI, USA; Irvine, CA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boston, MA, USA; New York, NY, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in a cloud computing, customer facing environment.
Experience with database technologies, administration and management tools, performance tuning techniques, SQL skills, troubleshooting knowledge, and data migration strategies to cloud.
Experience delivering technical presentations and live demonstrations of database products.
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.
4 years of technical sales experience or professional consulting experience in the fields of systems integration, large scale data transfer/management, and enterprise database performance.
Experience optimizing database performance with respect to transactional and/or analytic workloads.
Knowledge of disaster recovery and data backup strategies.
Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT technology space.
About the job


The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.

As a Sales Engineer, you will work hand-in-hand with technical Sales teams as an enterprise database subject matter expert to differentiate and paint the vision of Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explain technical features, help customers design architectures, engage in proof of concepts, and troubleshoot potential roadblocks related to database (and app) migration and data back ends for new app development.

Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
Responsibilities
Identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections, and develop a strategy to resolve technical blockers.
Support the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination and prioritization of solutions impacting customer adoption of Google Cloud.
Work with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.
Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.
Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other events as required.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
