Senior Software Engineer, Data

Engineering | San Francisco, CA & Remote, USA


Our first API helps you programmatically send physical mail at scale. Our second is address verification—officially CASS-certified by the USPS. But our long-term goal is to provide the building blocks for developers to automate the offline world through APIs. We’re looking for great problem-solvers to help us figure out how. We offer remote working opportunities in California, Texas, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New York, and Illinois. You can also work onsite at our San Francisco headquarters.

As an early member of our data team, you will help lay the foundation for a trusted and performant data platform that enables the entire company to make rapid data-driven decisions and ship scalable data-driven features. You will work with stakeholders across the company such as Sales, Finance, Marketing, Operations in addition to Data Science and Product/Engineering.

The role includes significant autonomy towards defining problem spaces and a mandate to build viable systems that are both internally- and externally-facing. This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to have a large sense of ownership, grow extraordinarily in their career, and develop cross-functional skills to maximize impact in a fast-moving hypergrowth startup.

Our engineering team values agility, collaboration, and autonomy. We’re building a team of not just strong problem-solvers, but great collaborators—engineers who are excited to teach and learn from each other, share decisions and information freely, and work together on new problems that no other companies have solved before. Come join the best people in the business.

As a senior data engineer, you’ll...
Collaborate closely with data scientists, analysts and infrastructure engineers to translate business challenges into data architecture, pipeline and warehousing solutions.
Develop and maintain data infrastructure, libraries and services with software engineering best practices.
Champion data governance, security, privacy and retention policies to protect end users, customers and Lob.
Build and curate data model expertise and uphold data quality and freshness.
Work closely with multi-functional teams to build and ship data-driven product features.
Coach and mentor fellow engineers.
Be one of the founding engineers on the data team and help build an inclusive, innovative, and unique culture.
For this role, we’re looking for...
Empathy and effective communication skills: you can walk in the shoes of and advocate for collaborators such as data scientists and product managers. You can explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Pragmatic and outcome-oriented: track-record of taking projects from inception to completion autonomously.
Growth mindset to learn new technologies, dive into unfamiliar problem domains and challenge assumptions.
Production experience with Spark, Python and SQL.
Experience with event-driven systems and time-series analysis a plus.
5+ years of full-time, relevant industry experience.
We’re not just building a platform to make the world programmable. We’re also designing a great place to work.

Our team loves working at Lob because...
Lob was built by technical co-founders with a vision to make the world programmable. We offer two flagship APIs (print & mail and address verification)
Our business model is incredibly sustainable and Lob has thousands of customers ranging from startups to Fortune 100 companies. Customers use Lob’s suite of APIs to mail fully dynamic and personalized customer communications with print media
Venture-backed by the most reputable investors in tech, we have the funding to invest in fast growth
We are a small but dynamic and passionate team based in San Francisco. We give our employees a lot of responsibility and ownership of their work. You will have fun at work while engaging in challenging projects with the best and brightest
Our perks include:
Health benefits for you and your dependent(s)
Flexible Spending Accounts
Open vacation policy
Commuter benefits
Wellness program
Paid parental leave
Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the Lob team; you’ll directly shape the direction of our company
Free lunch, dinner, and snacks
401K
Our Commitment to Diversity

Lob is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of backgrounds and perspectives to cultivate an environment of understanding to have greater impact on our business and customers. We encourage under-represented groups to apply and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or criminal history in accordance with local, state, and/or federal laws, including the San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance.
