Our mission is to be a trusted workplace for team members to be their whole selves at work. A company that people love and positively impacts the lives of all whom we touch.

be your best self

At Interstate Batteries, you have the chance to be excellent at work and excellent at life. We know that professional success depends on personal wellbeing. That's why we want to enrich your life with the tools and services you need to succeed in every area of your life. Join us!

Purpose of Job :

This Data Engineer role will focus on using Alteryx and Tableau SQL to create analytic deliverables to provide operational reporting, drive process improvement, and inform management decisions.

Job Components:
Developing scalable data solutions for the Commercial Analytics Team. Work will also be used by other cross functional groups such as Finance, Supply Chain, Marketing, etc.
Enable analytic capabilities within team to inform business decisions.
Will be required to support team by creating dynamic visualizations in Tableau and analytic apps in Alteryx.
Work with IT to develop data governance framework.
Role may also include work from conducting minor to advanced data analysis, wire-framing and developing dashboards and visualizations
Communicate insights and recommendations to business.
Participating in helping to build a Data Driven Culture
Qualifications :
BA Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Accounting or Finance, or equivalent work experience
2-3 years of experience in similar role
Experience with Tableau and Alteryx
Strong Computer Science fundamentals in Algorithms and Data Structures
Strong experience in system analysts, data modeling, data architecture, data warehousing tools MPP/Cloud Data Warehouses, such as Snowflake
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills
Scope Data:
Work with other Technical resources including and not limited to Project Managers, Development Managers, QA, Tech Services, Business Analysts, the User Community, and others in requirements gathering endeavors and problem solving.
Judgment/Decision Making - Ability to think logically and practically before making decisions. Use of independent thought, originality, and reasoning. Ability to handle confidential information.
Note: We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.
