Engineer 1 - Big Data & Analytics

This job posting is no longer active.

Location: Plano, TX, United States -

Job ID: 1084482

Date Updated: Aug 3, 2019

The Engineer 1 - Big Data & Analytics will report to the Senior Manager - Business Intelligence & Analytics.

Primary Responsibilities:
Developing automated methods for ingesting large data-sets into an enterprise-scale analytical system using Scoop, Spark and Kafka
Identifying technical implementation options and issues
Partners and communicates cross-functionally across the enterprise
Ability to explain technical issues to senior leaders in non-technical and understandable terms
Foster the continuous evolution of best practices within the development team to ensure data standardization and consistency
Core Competencies & Accomplishments:
4 + years of professional experience
1+ years of experience with Big Data technology and Analytics
Good experience in Java
1+ years of experience in ETL and ELT data modeling
Experience working with traditional warehouse and correlation into hive warehouse on big data technologies
Experience setting data modeling standards in Hive
Experience with streaming stacks like Nifi and PySpark
Understanding of Big Data tools (e.g., NoSQL DB, Hadoop, Hbase) and API development consumption.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive
Understanding of data preparation and manipulation using Datameer tool
Knowledge of SOA, IaaS, and Cloud Computing technologies, particularly in the AWS environment
Knowledge of setting standards around data dictionary and tagging data assets within the Data Lake for business consumption.
Experience in one or more languages (e.g., Python or Java, Groovy)
Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau
Experience in agile software development paradigm (e.g., Scrum, Kanban)
Strong written and verbal communication
What you get:

Our corporate office, located within the exciting new development of Legacy West in Plano, Texas, supports JCPenney stores and supply chain facilities nationwide. We offer a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, and an associate discount on JCPenney merchandise. On-site campus amenities include health clinic, pharmacy, daycare and preschool, full cafeteria service, a 24-hour fitness center and free garage parking.

About JCPenney:

At JCPenney, we share a passion for serving customers, supporting our communities and being the best retailer for all families. As a company founded on the Golden Rule, our success is rooted in the belief that we treat everyone the way we would want to be treated. At every touchpoint, customers discover stylish merchandise at incredible value from an extensive portfolio of private, exclusive and national brands. Reinforcing this shopping experience is the customer service and warrior spirit of approximately 98,000 associates across the globe, all driving toward the Company's mission to help customers find what they love for less time, money and effort.

Working at JCPenney means joining a dedicated team of associates who are encouraged to be uniquely themselves in a safe, caring and welcoming environment. It is a place where careers prosper, accomplishments are celebrated and diversity flourishes. It's a place that's meant for you.

For more opportunities to join our team please visit our careers page.

Follow us and see what's new: Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Media Room jcp.com

#LI-SA1

Job Title: Engineer 1 - Big Data & Analytics

Location: Plano, TX, United States -

Job ID: 1084482

J.C. Penney Company Inc.

Plano, Texas
