About the Position


Mist, a Juniper Company, is the first vendor to bring enterprise-grade Wi-Fi, BLE and IoT together through a highly scalable cloud architecture. Our mission is to deliver personalized location-based wireless services by making Wi-Fi predictable, reliable and measurable. At Mist, we built the first AI-empowered platform to provide an unprecedented visibility into the user experience. Mist is the new global standard for many fortune 500 companies.

The mission of the Data Science team at Mist is to deliver AI driven self-driving network solution. We build analytics infrastructure, insights, models and tools, to empower our AI platform. Data Engineers on the team will be the enabler and amplifiers. This position offers limitless opportunities for an ambitious data science engineer to make an immediate and meaningful impact within a hyper growth team.

We are looking for a talented and driven individual to partner closely with data scientists, build and scale our self-driving network solution. He/she is encouraged to think out of the box and play with the latest technologies while exploring their limits. Successful candidates will have strong technical capabilities, a can-do attitude, and are highly collaborative.

Minimum Qualifications:
Fluent with Python, Java, or Scala
5+ years of experience of developing and managing streaming or batch data pipelines. Hands on experience with either one or all, Storm, Spark, Kafka and Flink .
Familiarity with cloud based platforms - AWS or GCP
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Highly motivated to build a great product and great codebase in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication skills with a growth and learning mindset
Preferred Qualifications:

MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or other Engineering majors with 10+ years of total experience.
Knowledge and experiences of using machine learning tools such as Numpy, ScikitLearn, MLlib, Tensorflow
Juniper Networks is enrolled in E-Verify® and will be participating in E-Verify in addition to our Form I-9 process. www.dhs.gov/E-Verify
Juniper Networks is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
