The University of Southern California's (USC's) Information Technology Services is seeking a talented Quality Assurance Analyst (QA Analyst) with an exceptional commitment to service excellence to join its team. As the QA Analyst, you will be an integral member of the Student Services Initiative Program, collaborating with diverse and talented team members to help solve multidimensional information technology problems, improve customer experience, and generate value for our campus stakeholders across a broad base of departments and constituencies.

This is a fixed-term position with an anticipated end date of December 20th, 2020. This is a full-time role eligible for benefits including medical, dental and vision plans, a competitive 401K plan, and education reimbursement

ABOUT USC

USC is the leading private research university in Los Angeles-a global center for arts, technology, and international business. With more than 47,500 students, we are located primarily in Los Angeles but also in various US and global satellite locations. As the largest private employer in Los Angeles, responsible for $8 billion annually in economic activity in the region, we offer the opportunity to work in a dynamic and diverse environment, in careers that span a broad spectrum of talents and skills across a variety of academic and professional schools and administrative units. As a USC employee and member of the Trojan Family-the faculty, staff, students, and alumni who make USC a great place to work-you will enjoy excellent benefits, including a variety of well-being programs designed to help individuals achieve work-life balance.

Come join the ITS team and work as a trusted partner in shaping an environment of innovation and excellence for the university.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

The candidate for the position of QA Analyst must meet the following qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as computer science, computer information systems, etc., or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience.
Two years of experience in a relevant field such as information technology, higher education, etc.
Proven ability to design test plans, scripts, and supporting documents to deliver testing in functional and non-functional areas (i.e., performance, stress, load, resilience, availability, and operational).
Advanced understanding of software development processes and test methodologies including functional, unit, feature, regression, and scalability.
Experience leveraging quality management software to analyze real-time business data
Experience working with large, complex systems.
Ability to develop positive working relationships and a strong rapport with team members.
Ability to provide both detailed information as well as high-level summaries to management.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

The ideal candidate for the position of QA Analyst has the following qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as computer science, computer information systems, etc.
More than four years of experience in a relevant field such as information technology, higher education, etc.
General knowledge and experience in test automation using multiple testing tools and products.
Understanding of persona-centric design and UI/UX concepts.
THE WORK YOU WILL DO

The QA Analyst is responsible for creating end-to-end test plans, executing those plans, and managing all activities in the plans to ensure that all objectives are met and the solutions work as expected. The QA Analyst tests functionality, performance, reliability, stability, and compatibility with other legacy and external systems. This role ensures that every phase and feature of the solutions are tested and that any potential issues are identified and fixed before the solutions goes live.

Job Accountabilities
Participates in test strategy, test estimation, and planning discussions. Coordinates with developers, QA analysts, and product owners to produce stable, maintainable, and reliable automated tests. Efficiently identifies, prioritizes, and escalates issues related to quality. Participates in the open and honest sharing of ideas and opinions. Shares timely information freely and openly across the organization.
Ensures automated test coverage of all new product features and associated requirements. Supports the design, documentation, and execution of test plans and test cases. Analyzes automated test results and improves automated test coverage to maintain product quality. Actively participates in continuous application improvements by developing and enhancing automated tests. Documents traceability between product requirements, delivered code, and test case verification. Investigates, reports, and tracks product failures to resolution. Supports the university's compliance with security governance and policies by embedding standards, procedures, and quality measures into work plans and workflows.
Builds and maintains effective customer relationships by providing timely follow-up and feedback. Seeks to deliver quality solutions. Builds empathy and advocates for the customer point-of-view when identifying priorities and presenting solutions.
Creates and executes scripts to perform test validation. Responds to test results and adjusts scripts as needed. Translates results from functional and non-functional tests into test status reports. Supports the release process by performing production site verification testing. Seeks to develop product expertise in functional and technical areas. Continually develops skills, knowledge, and abilities.
Leverages best practices to support decision making. Presents opportunities and measures success. Listens, challenges, and asks relevant questions. Conducts root issue analysis activities and recommends realistic solutions for improvement.
Contributes to an inclusive environment that values differences by building and maintaining collaborative relationships with team members, peers, and ITS leaders. Actively embodies ITS values and behaviors including accountability, ethics, and best-in-class customer service. Contributes to a culture of trust and transparency by sharing information broadly, openly, and deliberately.
Supports the vision for Enterprise Applications. Works closely with team members and management to implement and support effective solutions for quality assurance and automation. Maintains currency with technology, standards, and best practices. Supports process improvement efforts within the team and across ITS.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree, Combined experience/education as substitute for minimum education

Minimum Experience: 2 years

Minimum Expertise: Proven ability to design test plans, scripts, and supporting documents to deliver testing in functional and non-functional areas (performance, stress, load, resilience, availability, and operational). Experience working with large, complex systems, leveraging quality management software to analyze real-time business data, and identifying defects and issues using industry-recognized defect-tracking tools. Excellent written and oral communication skills, and the ability to establish strong, positive working relationships and rapport with diverse groups of team members. Ability to provide technical expertise, creative solutions, and both detailed information as well as high-level summaries to management. Advanced understanding of software development processes and test methodologies, including functional, unit, feature, regression, and scalability. Experience developing request-based and data-driven automated tests using a range of testing frameworks. Understanding of persona-centric design and UI/UX concepts, with general knowledge and experience in test automation using multiple testing tools and products.

USC is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law or USC policy. USC will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring ordinance. We provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Applicants with questions about access or requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact USC Human Resources by phone at (213) 821-8100, or by email at uschr@usc.edu. Inquiries will be treated as confidential to the extent permitted by law.

Read USC's Clery Act Annual Security Report

Required Legal Notices

Certain positions are subject to background screening

If you are a current USC employee, please apply to this USC job posting in Workday by copying and pasting this link into your browser:

https://wd5.myworkday.com/usc/d/inst/1$9925/9925$39774.htmld
