The COMET Group is a globally leading Swiss technology firm. For more than 70 years, we have been developing and producing innovative high-tech components and systems based on x-ray, radio frequency and ebeam technology. Consistently able to take advantage of global trends and developments, we grow continually.

COMET Plasma Control Technologies (PCT) is a leading expert in RF power delivery and a global innovation partner of RF related businesses. Our customers are primarily manufacturers in the semiconductor and adjacent industries.

Responsibilities:
This individual will be the leading technical expert of our generator product line and the associated applications of our RF plasma solutions.
Work closely with our leading engineering developers during the early stages of release in understanding the operation and key aspects of the RF Generator Product
Responsible for understanding the technical requirements of customers as they relate to vacuum capacitors, impedance matching networks and be the technical lead of our newest RF power generators;
Resolve technical and operational issues as required to ensure successful operation of the product during our customers development;
As the leading expert, your knowledge and personality will be instrumental in developing customer relationships and obtaining information on new customer projects.
Participate in the finalization of documentation required to ensure proper production of volume products based on optimizations done in the prototyping process;
Communicate closely with other key individuals in Engineering (local and overseas), Sales, Project Management and Product management.
Experience, Education, and Skills Required:
B.S., M.S. or PhD, equivalent in technical or scientific discipline (Electrical Engineering preferred)
Your confidence, trustworthiness, and general excitment of technology is a must!
Travel to Switzerland and Germany for sometimes extended periods, to work with our lead technologists
Minimum of 1-5 years experience in an applications or engineering role at a high-tech OEM company (internship / co-op is acceptable)
Background in RF (radio frequency) technology is a must.
Background in plasma process development a big plus
Experience working in complex/multi-disciplinary environment, e.g. Semiconductor, Flat-panel display or Thin-film solar industry
Ability to troubleshoot analog and digital circuits a must
Excellent people skills, you will be interfacing with some of the smartest plasma experts in the world, you will be among your people. Internally and externally...our customers are demanding on themselves and you.
A Good Team Player, Self-starter and self-reliant, comfortable in non-structured environment
You’re an organizer, disciplined and a "planner" with analytical thinking, methodical work attitude
Excellent communication skills (English – a must -oral and written)
Data protection and confidentiality

We take data protection seriously. “COMET AG” and software partner SAP have taken the necessary organizational and technical measures to ensure the confidentiality of your application. All HR personnel and umantis employees have a duty to maintain confidentiality with respect to personal data as part of their employment contract. Automatic 128-bit encryption ensures that your data is transmitted securely. The processing of your data complies with general data security standards based on the latest technology.
