Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

Global Product Data Services is a newly formed team in PayPal’s product and engineering organization under Customer Experiences and Technology. Its vision is to “Provide Enterprise Product Data at lower cost and better quality”. To achieve this vision, we are looking for people with a passion and curiosity to solve customer problems with data. The internal stakeholders for the Program include but are not limited to PayPal Inc.’s Product Teams, Finance, Risk, Compliance and Strategy Teams. Our External stakeholders include Customers and Regulators amongst others.

This position is focused on delivering Core Data solutions using modern technology to serve the various needs of the business. The scope of the organization is global, and its data platforms serve a wide array of functions including Merchant, Partner, Operations, and Compliance business operations. At GPDS, we are committed to bringing innovation, passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise solutions.

One of the charters of GPDS is to deliver on data driven company wide transformational initiatives to integrate PayPal Inc. data seamlessly using Big Data for both operational and analytical needs. In this position you will also have the opportunity to work with stakeholders and users to understand their needs and partner with engineering to deliver the solution. This position requires an individual who is comfortable working in cross-functional teams with a very high degree of analytical and technical skills.

Job Description:

In this role, the individual will be part of the engineering team in Global Product Data Services Organization and will be responsible for.
Participating and collaborating with Product Owner/ Cross functional teams in the organization to understand the business requirements and to deliver solutions that can scale.
Creativity and out of the box thinking is required.
Proactively anticipating problems and keeping the team and management informed in a timely manner.
Being flexible and being able to support all functions of product life cycle when required.
Ability to use data to draw insights or drive decisions. Be able to explain complex technical concepts to management, product managers and other engineers.
Motivated and interested in delivering results, especially in the area of writing high-performance, reliable and maintainable code.
Ability to adapt to new development environments, changing business requirements and learning new systems highly desired.
Good team player, able to effectively work across multiple teams on solutions that have complex dependencies and requirements in a fast-paced environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Skills and Experience
8+ years of experience in the IT industry, experience in data engg is Mandatory.
Shell/ Perl scripting experience or proficiency in any programming language like Java/C/ C++
Hands on in Java programming
Proficient in Frameworks – Spring, Maven, Hibernate
Knowledge Of Real time Analytics
Strong fundamentals of object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms and design patterns
Expert in software engineering tools and best practices
Expert in design/implementation for reliability, availability, scalability and performance
Should have strong SQL programming skills
Knowledge of data warehousing concepts
Proficient in Big data Environments – Pig,Hive,MR
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Working experience in an Agile methodology is highly preferred.
Experience with Tableau or other visualization tools is a plus.
Knowledge of Scheduling Tools is a plus
Intermediate level knowledge on following technologies, with expertise on few of them:
Knowledge in MPP Databases/ Distributed systems
Knowledge on Data Encryption Standards is a huge plus
Exposure to Data Quality and Profiling tools is a plus.
Exposure BI tools desired, but not required (Micro strategy, Business Objects)
Basic level knowledge on following business domains is a plus:
Payments and banking
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
