Description

At Xilinx, we are leading the industry transformation to build an adaptable, intelligent world. ARE YOU bold, collaborative, and creative? At Xilinx, we hire and develop leaders and innovators who want to revolutionize the world of technology. We believe that by embracing diverse ideas, pushing boundaries, and working together as ONEXILINX, anything is possible.

Our culture of innovation began with the invention of the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA), and with the 2018 introduction of our Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform (ACAP), has made a quantum leap in capability, solidifying our role as the adaptable platform supplier of choice. From the start, we have always believed in providing inventors with products and platforms that are infinitely adaptable. From self-driving cars, to world-record genome processing, to AI and big data, to the world's first 5G networks, we empower the world's builders and visionaries whose ideas solve every day problems and enhance people's lives.

If you are PASSIONATE, ADAPTABLE, and INNOVATIVE, Xilinx is the right place for you! At Xilinx we care deeply about creating meaningful development experiences while building a strong sense of belonging and connection. We foster an environment of empowered learning, wellness, community engagement, and recognition, so you can focus on work that matters - world class technology that improves the way we live and work. We are ONEXILINX.
Software Engineer

We
are looking for a software engineer that shares our enthusiasm for
providing test infrastructure that enables reliable software and hardware
testing. Our mission is to enable high
quality software production through solid test infrastructure and best
practices.

We
are primarily a python shop but incorporate other technologies required to
achieve our mission.

The
ideal candidate will have the following attributes:
Experienced in the Python programming language
Experience in object-oriented design and programming
Self-sufficient in software development concepts
and methods, coding, and debugging
Proactively identifies and delivers solutions that
reduce development and support costs
Capable of developing a single project in its entirety
Demonstrates flexible adaptability in working with
still maturing, generation-dependent software development and testing
methods
Executes independently to develop mock-ups or
requirement prototypes for features of moderate complexity. Can
effectively articulate these to the team
Enjoys working with users
to educate and provide guidance in helping them to achieve their goals and to
improve their productivity

Education Requirements
Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,
Electrical Engineering, or a related field.

Summary of required experience:
Python Programming
Object Oriented Design and Programming
Linux Operating System / Command Line Interface
Bash Scripting
Windows Operating System
Testing Methodologies
Job Skills Desired:
ElasticSearch
Web Technologies
Mosquito/MQTT
Docker
Openstack/KVM
]]>
