Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Finance, a related quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience.
6 years of experience in consulting, business intelligence, analytics, or an equivalent analyst position with experience in SQL and an additional object-oriented programming language (e.g., Python, Java).
Preferred qualifications:
Experience designing and building scalable and robust data pipelines to enable data-driven decisions for the business.
Effective problem solving and analytical skills. Ability to manage multiple projects and report simultaneously across different stakeholders.
Structured thinking with ability to easily break down ambiguous problems and propose impactful data modeling designs.
Attention to detail and effective verbal/written communication skills.
About the job


The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with effective day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.

At Google Customer Solutions (GCS), data and insights drive our growth. The GCS Insights team powers Google’s high growth organization. We deliver actionable business intelligence and analytics at scale utilizing a customer centric approach.

As a Data Engineer, you will take on big data challenges in an agile way. In this role, you will use an analytical, data-driven approach to drive a deep understanding of our fast changing business. You will build data pipelines that enable engineers, analysts and other stakeholders across the organization. You will also build data models to deliver insightful analytics while ensuring the highest standard in data integrity.

When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Customer Solutions (GCS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. In collaboration, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
Responsibilities
Use an analytical, data-driven approach to drive a deep understanding of our fast changing business.
Build data pipelines and reports that enable analysts and other stakeholders across the organization.
Build data models to deliver insightful analytics while ensuring the highest standard in data integrity.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
