Western Digital®

The next big thing in
data is you!

We are seeking highly motivated data management engineers to
be part of our head operation advanced analytic team in Silicon Valley. This
team focus on the Industrial internet of things and advanced analytics, includes
hardware engineers, data analysts, data engineers, and machine learning experts
who develop the IIoT platform and perform advanced analysis on engineering
data.

The Data Management Engineer will be responsible for
developing predictive analytic platforms. This individual will work closely
with the data scientists, business users, and IT to identify, evaluate, design
and implement statistical and machine learning solutions.

The ideal candidate demonstrates a deep passion for applying
advanced analytic approaches, an eagerness to dig into large data sets, and a
vision for turning disparate data streams into a cohesive view for empowering a
diverse engineering community.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Focus on developing and implementing data
analytics solutions to production. Be able to integrate data, analytics
algorithms and factory systems by using state of art IT infrastructure and open
source solutions, such as Kafka, Kubernetes and Jenkins etc.
Understand challenging business problems and
develop tools & techniques to find patterns and insights within structured
and unstructured data generated in nanoscale manufacturing environment
Prototype creative solutions for improving
product performance predictability, and be able to lead others (Domain/IT
stakeholders) in crafting and implementing smart factory solutions.
REQUIRED:
BS or MS in computer science, computer
engineering, or management of information systems. New graduates are welcome to
apply.
Previous project management experience and
willingness to develop project management skills is a major plus.
Possesses ability to mathematically model
complex problems in machine vision, learning, and automation
Familiarity with open source software tools for
machine learning, deep learning and image analysis. Prior container, Kafka and/or
Spark experience is a plus.
Experience/proficiency in at least one programming
language e.g. Java, C++, and Python
Proficiency with statistical analysis tools
(e.g. JMP, R, SAS)
Experience with analytics on Hadoop, Teradata
(MPP), and AWS Redshift desired.
Highly motivated, team player with strong
communication and collaboration skills, self-starter with willingness to learn,
master new technologies and clearly communicate results to technical and
non-technical audience.
ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL

The future. It’s on you. You &
Western Digital.

We’ve been
storing the world’s data for more than 50 years. Once, it was the most
important thing we could do for data. Now we’re helping the world capture,
preserve, access and transform data in a way only we can.

The most game-changing companies,
consumers, professionals, and governments come to us for the technologies and
solutions they need to capture, preserve, access, and transform their data.

But we can’t do it alone. Today’s
exceptional data challenges require your exceptional skills. It’s You & Us.
Together, we’re the next big thing in data.

Western
Digital® data-centric solutions are found under the G-Technology™, HGST,
SanDisk®, Tegile™, Upthere™, and WD® brands.

Western
Digital is an equal opportunity employer.

Western Digital
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion
(including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy,
childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical
conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression,
and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically
associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin,
sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic
partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition,
genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol
status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.
We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics
listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of
employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the "Equal
Employment Opportunity is the Law" poster.

Federal and state laws require employers to provide reasonable accommodation to
qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you
require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your
job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to
the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate
format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If
you need any accommodation or assistance with our career site, please contact
us at staffingsupport@wdc.com.

Western
Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information
click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify.
