What you'll do
This is a role within Cisco's Intent Based Business Group. Here, you will work on developing the Nexus 9000 line of data center that features application awareness to make the network infrastructure flexible and agile for dynamic response to application needs and virtual machine workload mobility.
Who you'll work with
You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest problem solvers and thinkers in the Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) Team that work on next generation of datacenter and cloud switches.

https://blogs.cisco.com/datacenter/cisco-fulfills-vision-for-aci-anywhere
Who you are
You are someone who thrives in a dynamic start-up like environment. You have at least 12+ years’ of software engineering experience and are looking for an opportunity to shine, a team where you can thrive, one that recognizes your capabilities and rewards you accordingly.
Minimum Qualifications
· Programming languages: C/C++, Go, Python on Linux.· Experienced in crafting, building and debugging large scale distributed systems.· Understanding of cloud architecture and services in multiple public clouds like AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure.· Foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills.· Familiar with micro-services based software architecture and the evolving tools in the space like nomad/k8s.· Experience with container run time (Docker, LXC/LXD).· Familiar with agile practices and believes in test driven development.· Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field (MS preferred).· 6-10 years’ of experience as a software engineer working on large scale distributed systems.
Desirable Skills
· You are a standout teammate, with a can-do attitude, one that takes initiative.· You are able to work independently as well as in a team.· You have good interpersonal skills and can work multi-functionally.
Why Cisco
At Cisco, each person brings their rare talents to work as a team and make a difference.
Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.
· We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better
· We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
· We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco
