What You'll Do


This is a role within Cisco's Data Center team. Here, you will work on developing the Nexus 9000 line of data center that features application awareness to make the network infrastructure flexible and agile for dynamic response to application needs and virtual machine workload mobility.

Who You'll Work With


You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest problem solvers in the Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) Team that work on next generation of datacenter and cloud switches.

https://blogs.cisco.com/datacenter/cisco-fulfills-vision-for-aci-anywhere
Who You Are


You are someone who thrives in a dynamic start-up like environment. You have at least 6+ years’ of software engineering experience and are looking for an opportunity to shine, a team where you can thrive, one that recognizes your capabilities and rewards you accordingly.
Programming languages: C/C++, Go, Python on Linux.
Experienced in crafting, building and debugging large scale distributed systems.
Understanding of cloud architecture and services in multiple public clouds like AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure.
Foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills.
Familiar with micro-services based software architecture and the evolving tools in the space like nomad/k8s.
Experience with container run time (Docker, LXC/LXD).
Familiar with agile practices and believes in test driven development
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field (MS preferred).
6-10 years’ of experience as a software engineer working on large scale distributed systems.
Desirable Skills
You are a standout teammate, with a can-do demeanor, one that takes initiative
You work independently as well as in a team
You have good interpersonal skills and can work multi-functionally
We Are Cisco


#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!

But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)

Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.

So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool.
