Location: San Jose (CA)

Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mention we've been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.

Big Data Engineer

Job Summary:

We're looking for a Big Data Engineer who can find out the solution to support the requirement on service operation and product development. As a Big Data Engineer, you'll understand and manage our data, work with the engineering team and operation team to figure out the tough problem about service operation and product design.

Job Responsibilities:
Gather and process raw data at scale.
Process unstructured data into structured data, manage schema of new data.
Manage data access to protect data in a safe way.
Read, extract, transform, stage and load data to selected tools and frameworks as required and requested.
Perform tasks such as writing scripts, write SQL queries, etc.
Work closely with the operation team to advise the solution about service scalability, healthy monitoring and refining optimization by data analysis.
Work closely with the engineering team to monitor product performance and track product quality trends.
Analyze processed data.
Monitoring data performance and modifying infrastructure as needed.
Define data retention policies.
Job Requirements:
3 + years of recent experience in data engineering.
Bachelor's Degree or more in Computer Science or a related field.
Experiences on Cloudear CDH platform,Spark programmingImpala SQL Lauguage, Analyze data via Hive,etc.
A solid track record of data management showing your flawless execution and attention to detail.
Strong knowledge of and experience with statistics.
Programming experience, ideally in Python, Java or Scala, and a willingness to learn new programming languages to meet goals and objectives.
Experience in C, Linux Shell, JavaScript or other programming languages is a plus.
Knowledge of ETL, visualization and reporting, with an understanding of the best, most efficient use of associated tools and applications to complete these tasks.
Deep knowledge of data features engineering, data mining, machine learning, or information retrieval.
Experience processing large amounts of structured and unstructured data, including integrating data from multiple sources.
Experience in production support and troubleshooting.
You find satisfaction in a job well done and thrive on solving head-scratching problems.
Language requirement: English, Mandarin is plus
