Cohesity Bringing Google-Like Simplicity to Data Management: One Platform. One UI.Cohesity eliminates mass data fragmentation with one web-scale data management platform that radically simplifies the way companies protect, control and extract value from their data. This software-defined platform spans across Clouds and data centers, can be managed from a single GUI, and enables independent apps to run in the same environment."We use web-scale design principles to revolutionize an area of IT that hasn't seen innovation in decades" by Mohit Aron, CEO/FounderArticle Cohesity Announces $250 Million in Series E FundingVideo How Cohesity Redefines Data ManagementBrochure Corporate Brochure PDFAbout This Role:At Cohesity, we are building the next generation data management and analytics platform as a service, a first of its kind in the industry. This builds upon the unique tech stack Cohesity is known for. Join us and be a part of this big company initiative, and help make the first release. This is an amazing opportunity for a hands-on leader who can not only define but also lead and implement technical projects.Responsibilities* Work with team members to understand customer requirements and design and deliver cloud SaaS services* Work with functional leads to understand their data requirements and design and deliver data pipelines to scale to billions of events* Collaborate with operations to establish KPI for different services and own end to end delivery and lifecycle management* Apply core data management principles and best practicesWhat we are looking for:* BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science* Min 5+ years of relevant experience in building production software products* We run on all major public clouds. Hands-on experience with at least one of the three AWS/GCP/Azure required.* Experience building data lakes and data-warehouses a must. Expertise in either BigQuery, Snowflakes or Redshift preferred.* Experience in either streaming or batch ETL pipelines required. Expertise in Kafka and Spark preferred.* Experience with microservices and containers. A must with hands on Kubernetes experience* Experience in either Elasticsearch or Solr required.* Experience with cloud native Machine Learning service a big plus.* Experience in NoSQL engines a plus.* Strong analytical and problem solving skills* Hands on coding skills (in golang, python or java) - strong data structures, design, algorithms are a must* Knowledge in Storage, Filesystems or Data Protection is a plus* Motivated to solve complex problems and challenges.* Openings are for experienced senior level engineers who can take the lead on complex projects and driven to own problems to solution.
