C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

C3.ai has an opening for a Data Integration Engineer. You will be required to create advanced application integration solutions and configure, deploy and enhance enterprise cloud applications. C3.ai product suite is entirely data-driven, so a great candidate will have a passion for acquiring, analyzing, and transforming data to generate insight. This role is very hands-on and requires a structured mindset and solid implementation skills.

Qualified candidates will have a solid knowledge of integration and data manipulation technologies.

Responsibilities:
Engage directly with customers to participate in design and development of data integration/transformation solution according to functional requirements
Perform debugging, troubleshooting, modifications and unit testing of integration solutions
Support, monitor, execute production application jobs and processes
Participate in the development of documentation, technical procedures and user support guides
Requirements:
2+ years of experience with system/data integration, development or implementation of enterprise and/or cloud software
Proficiency in data integration/EAI technologies, such as Tibco
Demonstrated proficiency with JavaScript
Experience with Unix-based operating systems
Familiarity with version control/SCM is a must (experience with git is a plus)
Experience with relational databases (any vendor)
Solid understanding of concepts of cloud computing
Engineering degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Working knowledge of Agile Software development methodology
Strong organizational and troubleshooting skills with attention to detail
Strong analytical ability, judgment and problem analysis techniques
Interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively in a cross functional team
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.
