Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world!

Position Summary


About Shape Security: We are security and web experts, pioneers, evangelists, and best-in-class researchers. We believe in the power of the Internet to be a positive force; our mission is to protect every website and mobile app from cyber criminals. Shape’s founders fought cybercrime at the Pentagon, Google, and other leading security companies. Shape provides industry-leading web and mobile security services designed to protect organizations against automated attacks that evade traditional security defenses. As we now join F5 Networks, we need highly-motivated and passionate individuals to join us.

We are looking for a Big Data Engineer that will work on the storing, processing, and analyzing of huge sets of data. The primary focus will be on choosing optimal solutions to use for these purposes, then maintaining, implementing, and monitoring them. You will also be integrating them with the architecture used across the company!

Responsibilities
Selecting and integrating big data frameworks required to provide requested capabilities
Build analysis pipelines as well as visualization dashboards
Monitoring performance and iterate the solution fast
Skills
Experience with Cloud-based service and development environment, such as AWS or GCP
Proficiency with programming languages such as Python and Java
Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles
Good knowledge of Big Data querying databases, such as BigQuery, BigTable and MongoDB
Upbeat, positive teammate.
Qualifications
Bachelors degree in Computer science or similar relevant field with 5+years of experience; Master’s degree with 3+ years; or equivalent experience.
Shape and F5 Networks are equal opportunity employers and we embrace diversity

The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.
