It takes powerful technology to connect our brands and partners with an audience of 1 billion. Nearly half of Verizon Media employees are building the code and platforms that help us achieve that. Whether you’re looking to write mobile app code, engineer the servers behind our massive ad tech stacks, or develop algorithms to help us process 4 trillion data points a day, what you do here will have a huge impact on our business—and the world. Want in? As Verizon’s media unit, our brands like Yahoo, TechCrunch and HuffPost help people stay informed and entertained, communicate and transact, while creating new ways for advertisers and partners to connect. With technologies like XR, AI, machine-learning, and 5G, we’re transforming media for tomorrow, too. We're creators and coders, dreamers and doers creating what's next in content, advertising and technology.

A Lot About You
You get people. You have a unique blend of skills in developing deep consumer insights and competitive intelligence through data that drives product innovation to create the right experiences for people’s daily lives that achieve our goals to acquire, engage, and retain them.
You get data. You have a thirst for knowledge and insight. You thrive and strive to present data in ways that product, design, engineering, marketing, and executive teams understand and act upon. Your data is 100% accurate and credible. Your reports are always clear and actionable.
You get growth. You are a consumer-focused, data-driven, and growth-enabling analyst who has supported Growth strategies, roadmaps, scrums, and final product rollouts, across the analytics/insights, acquisition/referrals,activation/onboarding, and adoption/retention loop.
You get mobile/digital. You have significant industry experience – and a strong understanding of the mobile/digital ecosystem – from apps to advertising and analytics. You have successfully applied the latest mobile/digital tools to help drive reach, retention, and revenue growth.
You get it done. You have successfully worked with product, design, engineering, marketing, and executive teams to understand requirements, translate business needs into data requests, develop methodologies/plans, analyze data, and present findings that are embraced/enacted.
Your Day
Understand the marketplace trends and help answer revenue trends
Analyze supply as well as demand patterns and find revenue opportunities, explain model behaviors, suggest improvements etc.
Gain insights on what drives performance in terms of reach and revenue growth
Create dashboards and reports that provide analysis and commentary, explaining product, sales, and business trends for Executive reporting
Work closely with product and inform and update stakeholders on product performance, plans, and progress towards metrics
Define data testing plans and create methodologies that help teams to iterate fast and release new features for testing and, if successful, rollout to all users globally
Generate and go deep on consumer insights and competitive intelligence to help teams drive product innovation and iteration
Build strong partnerships with product, sales, engineering, and marketing teams and enable them to launch new Growth initiatives for testing/iteration
Provide feedback to product, sales and engineering teams on impact of product launches: target launch metrics, A|B testing, post-launch metrics
Investigate data and monitor data quality – partner closely with and provide requirements to the Data Engineering teams that can be clearly acted upon
Frame business problems into questions that can be answered through data analysis, and translate business needs into requirements
You Must Have
BS/MS in highly-quantitative field (Analytics, Computer Science, Mathematics) is preferred
Data analysis, generating insights for consumer-focused products
Experience with big data technologies such as Hive, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark, PIG etc.
Experience with programming languages such as Perl/Python/R is good to have
Familiarity with Unix/Linux environment highly recommended
Significant experience, proficiency in, and passion for Mobile and/or Web products
Track record of proactively establishing and following through on commitments
Demonstrated use of analytics, metrics, and benchmarking to drive decisions
Excellent interpersonal, organizational, creative, and communications skills
Team player in driving growth results combined with a positive attitude
Strong work ethic and strong core values (honesty, integrity, creativity)
Problem solver who never stops thinking about ways to improve
Verizon Media is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Verizon Media is dedicated to providing an accessible environment for all candidates during the application process and for employees during their employment. If you need accessibility assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, please submit a request via the Accommodation Request Form (https://www.verizonmedia.com/careers/contact-us.html) or call 408-336-1409. Requests and calls received for non-disability related issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.

Currently work for Verizon Media? Please apply on our internal career site.
