Ref ID: 00420-9502602834Classification: Data Engineer

Compensation: DOE

Ability to Clean/transform data from raw data inputs
Ability to deep dive into the data to meet stakeholders requirements Outstanding communication skills with the ability to influence decision makers and build consensus with teams
Development and execution of data movement tools using scripts in languages such as SQL, HQL, SAS

Please send resumes to Trupti Deshpande.

Job Requirements:
5+ years relevant experience Advanced SQL skills to get the data you need from a warehouse (Vertica, Hive, SparkSQL, etc) Advanced SAS skills Experience with AWS EMR Strong ETL experience Experience using Github and Tidal

Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
