Sunnyvale, CA Apply Now Taos is immediately hiring a Data Pipeline Engineer to help us support a Fortune 50 Tech Company out of their Sunnyvale, CA office. Due to COVID-19 this role is remote for the foreseeable future, however we are seeking someone who can eventually go to the Sunnyvale, CA office once restrictions are lifted. Who you are You are a self-motivated and performance-driven Data Pipeline Engineer with strong Python experience. You have excellent written and verbal abilities that make you a persuasive and credible communicator. You can easily earn the trust of colleagues and senior management and have an appreciation for employees and end-users. You have an assertive side but always maintain a professional demeanor. You thrive in roles with a high level of visibility within an organization and are willing to take necessary actions to deliver on commitments. What you'll be doing Building managing backend data pipeline Scripting programming API's using Python Utilizing Data Bricks to help build the pipeline Working in conjunction with the Corporate Security team. Metrics creation Data Analytics with Tableau What you'll bring with you 2+ years of Python scripting programming experience 1+ year of experience building data pipelines Understanding of corporate security initiatives Understanding of experience with Data Bricks. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Who is Taos? Taos is a comprehensive technology services company that simplifies today's complex digital landscape by providing both strategic and technical guidance while implementing transformative solutions. As part of the nation's technology landscape since 1989, we offer opportunities that will allow you to achieve your career goals and objectives. We're changing the face of some of the most innovative companies with our diverse solution offerings, exceptional talent, and thought leadership. Our clients look to us first for advice, insight, and support, driving us to relentlessly focus on customer success. Let's talk about us Some IT professionals watch their careers shoot straight up. Others spend years at one company after another struggling to get noticed and stay on top of developing technologies. If you are looking for a place that puts employees first while staying on the cutting-edge of technology, come to Taos. We'll immerse you in multiple environments, give you access to the collaboration of a strong technical community, and expose you to innovation as it happens in real-time. With unparalleled adaptability, you have the opportunity to leverage Taos as an employer to be successful. Referrals We love referrals so much that we pay for them! If you know someone that you would recommend, send an email to referralstaos.com or Contact Us and we will do the rest! We'll make sure that you receive the 1000 referral bonus after they are employed with us. Compensation Our compensation package includes a competitive salary, medical and dental insurance, 401k, paid vacation, sick time and holiday pay, plus loads of free training (Puppet, Chef, Nagios, LAMP Stack, PMP, ITIL, Python, etc.)! How to apply If you're interested in this position or know someone who is, please email your resume (Word or PDF format) and contact information to opportunitiestaos.com . Taos Mountain, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Veterans are encouraged to apply! E-Verify Participant This employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please go to httpwww.taos.comjoin-our-team and review the E-Verify Participant and Right to Work links for more information. LI-POST DICE
