About Nevro


Nevro (NYSE: NVRO) is a global medical device company headquartered in Redwood City, California. We are focused on providing innovative products that improve the quality of life of patients suffering from debilitating chronic pain.

We started with a simple mission to help more patients suffering from chronic pain. At each stage of development, our research was subject to the highest levels of scientific rigor, resulting in a new therapy that has impacted the lives of over 55,000 patients around the world.

Nevro has developed and commercialized the Senza spinal cord stimulation (SCS) system, an evidence-based, non-pharmacologic neuromodulation platform for the treatment of chronic pain. HF10 therapy has demonstrated the ability to reduce or eliminate opioids in ≥65% of patients across six peer-reviewed clinical studies. The Senza® System, Senza II™ System, and the Senza® Omnia™ System are the only SCS systems that deliver Nevro's proprietary HF10® therapy.

Job Summary & Responsibilities


Nevro is seeking a Sr. or Principal RF engineer to join the electrical engineering team in Redwood City. This position is responsible for RF and Telemetry system performance within Nevro, and will be the technical expert and leader for RF related developments.

Experience designing RF telemetry systems for production.
Provides creativity while solving complex problems without known solutions.
Works on multiple projects in a deadline driven environment.
Designs, runs, and gathers data for experiments. Participates in the design of new test methods and procedures.
Self-starting, self-motivated, self-directed, and self-sufficient
Applies technical principles, theories and concepts, in addition to developing new development principles and concepts towards the solution of complex technical problems and provides solutions which are innovative and ingenious.
Proactively identifies areas of developmental risk and communicates these to management accordingly.
Responsible for planning, developing, coordinating, and directing engineering development or a number of small projects with many complex features, utilizing internal and external resources.
Contributes to the intellectual property base of the Company via active communication of new concepts to management.
Works in accordance with quality system procedures and actively enforces its objectives.
Requires the ability to travel occasionally throughout the United States and internationally.
Other duties as assigned
Role Requirements
MS or PhD in Electrical Engineering and 5+ years of relevant experience.
Skills and Knowledge
Implanted and/or body-worn antenna design
Link budgets, propagation and fading models
Experience with RF simulation tools desired (Ansys HFSS preferred)
Specification, evaluation, and measurement of RF materials
Design for manufacturing experience
PCB design for RF signals and matching networks
Design and fabrication of RF measurement fixtures
Benchtop and Anechoic chamber RF measurements
LI-TS1
.
Nevro offers equal employment opportunity, regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, marital or family status, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression (including religious dress and grooming practices), gender (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical condition related to pregnancy or childbirth), physical or mental condition, protected veteran status, disability, age or other characteristics protected by laws.
