eBay is a global commerce leader that allows you to shape how the world buys, sells, and gives. Youll be part of a work culture thats been genuinely committed to diversity and inclusion since its founding more than 20 years ago. Here, you can just be yourself, do your best work, and have a meaningful impact on people across the globe. We are looking for people with drive, ideas, and a passion for helping small businesses succeed to help shape the future of eBaydoes this sound like you? If so, wed love to talk to you!

About Our Team:

Are you passionate about databases? Are you addicted to solving complex problems at incredible scale? We need an outstanding Software Engineer to join our team in Rancho Cordova. We are responsible for everything data-related at eBay, from the end-user APIs all the way down the stack to actually building databases themselves!

You should have a love for using - and crafting - newest technology. You, with your solid understanding of computer science fundamentals, your experience with data infrastructure and passion to innovate, will join us on our multi-year journey to transform our data ecosystem to a cloud-native platform while keeping the existing stacks operating faster and more reliable than ever before.

Its essential that you will have strong software development experiences across a breadth of data platforms, including relational SQL, NoSQL, and Key-Value stores. Your knowledge of distributed systems is a strength. You are encouraged to be results-oriented, produce high quality work and be comfortable working with senior management. You will identify problems that need solving and will be empowered to solve them.

This is a true software engineering position, not an administrator or sysop role.

Primary job Responsibilities:
Build and support data services, client APIs and back-end databases.
Maintain and improve existing data platform
Full life cycle ownership of our products from design through implementation, to production support.
Join Scrum team and attend daily project stand-up meetings.
Be a domain specialist on data products
Participate in and lead cross-team and cross-geography projects
Responsible for software process: design, user documentation, code review.
Job Requirements:
BS or higher in Computer Science, CIS, EE, or related field
6+ years of experience in requirements analysis, design, coding and unit testing of scalable, distributed, fault-tolerant applications
Mandatory Skill: Java, C++ is a plus
Participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle, including discovery, analysis, requirements definition, solution design, configuration, code development, testing, deployment and support
Expertise required in object-oriented design methodology and application development in Java and J2EE, including Spring, Hibernate, servlets, JDBC, XML, XSL
Expertise in unit test, code coverage process, pipeline setup.
Experience with database and SQL, preferably Oracle
Working knowledge of NoSQL and Key-Value databases
Test Driven development
Proven track of success with strong focus on high velocity and high quality
Familiar with Agile/Scrum
Strong "soft" interpersonal skills
Benefits:

Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether youre single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.

Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about eBays Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
