Job Description


Job #: 1075497

Apex Systems is searching for an experienced Data Engineer to fill a contract role with our Fortune 500 client in Menlo Park, CA!

Contract Length: 5 months

Location: Menlo Park, CA

Pay Rate: Competitive

Duties:

Partner with internal stakeholders to understand business requirements, work with cross-functional data and products teams and build efficient and scalable data solutions.

Build data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership. Design, build, optimize, launch and support new and existing data models and ETL processes in production.

Monitor and manage the SLA for all data sets and systems in allocated areas of ownership. Work with data infrastructure and data engineering teams to triage infra issues and drive to resolution.

Skills:

5+ years hands-on experience with Linux and shell scripting

2+ years hands-on experience in MySQL database administration, implementation and maintenance

5+ years hands-on experience in SQL or similar languages and development experience in at least one scripting language (Python preferred)

Data architecture, data modeling and schema design skills

Excellent communication skills and proven experience in leading data driven projects from definition through interpretation and execution

Ability to initiate and drive projects with all stakeholders Proactive and preventative solutions mindset a large plus

Need to be able to travel to China periodically Mandarin language a plus

Education:

BE/BTECH/MCA degree (preferred) with a strong academic record
Partner with internal stakeholders to understand business requirements, work with cross-functional data and products teams and build efficient and scalable data solutions. Build data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership. Design, build, optimize, launch and support new and existing data models and ETL processes in production. Monitor and manage the SLA for all data sets and systems in allocated areas of ownership. Work with data infrastructure and data engineering teams to triage infra issues and drive to resolution.
Skills:

5+ years hands-on experience with Linux and shell scripting 2+ years hands-on experience in MySQL database administration, implementation and maintenance 5+ years hands-on experience in SQL or similar languages and development experience in at least one scripting language (Python preferred) Data architecture, data modeling and schema design skills Excellent communication skills and proven experience in leading data driven projects from definition through interpretation and execution Ability to initiate and drive projects with all stakeholders Proactive and preventative solutions mindset a large plus Need to be able to travel to China periodically Mandarin language a plus
Education:

BE/BTECH/MCA degree (preferred) with a strong academic record

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
