Brief Description

Blackbaud is seeking a Production Systems Engineer to work among a passionate team responsible for fast and effective operations support and for engineering innovative infrastructure and application solutions with increasing reliability, scalability, supportability and security. You will play an instrumental role in our journey to a public cloud model while also sustaining a high level of quality in our current co-located data centers, responsible for both cloud-based and physical infrastructure and application solutions. You’ll use your advanced technology and automation skills to meet the demands of rapidly evolving technologies, while relentlessly pursuing opportunities to advance our operational effectiveness and increase customer satisfaction.

Full Description

Blackbaud is seeking a Production Systems Engineer to work among a passionate team responsible for fast and effective operations support and for engineering innovative infrastructure and application solutions with increasing reliability, scalability, supportability and security. You will play an instrumental role in our journey to a public cloud model while also sustaining a high level of quality in our current co-located data centers, responsible for both cloud-based and physical infrastructure and application solutions. You’ll use your advanced technology and automation skills to meet the demands of rapidly evolving technologies, while relentlessly pursuing opportunities to advance our operational effectiveness and increase customer satisfaction.

Key Responsibilities
Responsible for the overall health and stability of supported applications, systems and environments by proactively monitoring and responding to events. Own your responsibilities with a customer-first mindset, alignment on business priorities, focus on operational effectiveness metrics (SLA/OLAs) and drive to predictably and efficiently deliver on your commitments.
Collaborate with engineering, operations and other key stakeholders through the full life cycle of our solutions to innovate solutions to engineer reliable, scalable, supportable, secure and cost-effective solutions for our customers
Standardize and automate change, validation, and deployment processes to increase efficiency and reduce risk, complexity, waste and cost.
Proactively monitor capacity and performance management measures to ensure quality and support business growth.
Drive incident response with relentless focus on restoration of service, followed by tenacious pursuit of root cause and permanent resolution.
Keep up with industry trends and effectively adapt to demands to rapidly evolving technologies.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information Technology or equivalent related work experience required.
Demonstrative experience in Windows Server and IIS Administration Fundamentals
Working knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server Database Administration and Always on Failover Cluster Instances and Availability Groups
Practical experience managing Citrix XenApp enterprise environments is preferred
A minimum of 5 years in the implementation of cloud technologies and an understanding of SAAS, PAAS, and IAAS models preferred (Microsoft Azure preferred)
Practical experience with ITIL or ISO27001 required; lean and agile methodologies preferred
Practical experience with Perl, PowerShell, Python, TCL/TK, Ruby or equivalent technologies required.
Practical experience in software engineering best practices such as design patterns, decoupled architectures, and test-driven development preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication; able to communicate complex technical information to all stakeholders
Innovative and adaptable in problem-solving; ability to lean into the details while keeping the big picture in sight
Available on a 24x7x365 basis when needed for production impacting incidents or key customer events.
#helpgoodtakeover

Why you'll want to come work here:
Our benefits are unmatched. Not only do we offer competitive salaries, 4 weeks paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and 401K match, we also provide endless community involvement opportunities to encourage our employees to give back, through our CSR programs like gift matching and volunteer for vacation.
Blackbaud has been named to Forbes America's Best Employers for Diversity 2019, Forbes America’s Best Midsize Employer 2019, and AnitaB.org's Top Companies for Women Technologists 2018, we are rapidly growing and offer incredible opportunity for career advancement!
We understand that people thrive in a culture focused on teamwork and purpose. That's why Blackbaud offers a tremendous company culture, encouraging open, collaborative working environments in all of our offices around the world, including; North America, Australia, the United Kingdom and Costa Rica.
We have proven that we are one of the best technology companies to work for. Blackbaud has been ranked Best Technology Company in Charleston, SC for the fourth year in a row, and ranked by BuiltIn Austin as one of the Best Places to Work in Austin, TX.
Stay up to date on everything Blackbaud, follow us on Linkedin, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and YouTube

Blackbaud is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
