We provide technology that community financial institutions use to manage risk and drive growth. Our solutions automate key processes – from anti-money laundering to fraud detection to CECL readiness to lending workflows – empowering our customers by addressing their Enterprise Risk Management needs.

This is an exciting opportunity for someone who is not only a master of their craft, but also shares our commitment to driving a strong company culture by putting their heart and soul into their work every day.

We are seeking a skilled Data Integration Engineer to help us maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of our data processing technology which is a critical underpinning of our entire suite of fraud prevention and risk products.

What You'll Do:
Design, develop, test, and production support of integration development process.
Translate business requirements into technical solutions.
Perform data analysis and data modeling to create source to target mapping documents.
Collaborate with development team to architect efficient and stable production integrations.
Document and analyze current business processes and underlying systems/applications.
Communicate and collaborate effectively with technical peers and business users
Participate in design and code reviews and dive deep into technical implementation discussions
What You'll Need:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.
Experience in ETL and SQL development and troubleshooting experience.
Experience with relational databases
Well-developed problem solving skills; critical thinking and ability to weigh pros/cons of multiple options.
Strong attention to detail.
What You’ll Get:
Market competitive total rewards package
Competitive salary along with full health benefits with an HSA option
Unlimited PTO and bank holidays
401(k) plan and company match
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, age, genetic trait, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Abrigo is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at Careers@abrigo.com with the subject line accommodation.
