*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Product Engineer will be based in Austin, TX. The Product Engineer will be responsible for receiving, analyze, clean, and customize all technical information/documentation from the customer related to his product, derived from a New Product Introduction (NPI) or a design change in order to establish all necessary processes to manufacture it by maintaining its design and performance integrity.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do:
Analyze data to determine root cause and implement corrective actions surrounding product issues.
Must function as part of a cross functional team to support assembly operations.
Prepare or direct preparation of product layout and design by using detailed drawings (i.e., visuals, Manufacturing Process Instructions (MPI)).
Directs and coordinates manufacturing or building of prototype product or systems.
Analyzes inspection and test data and reports to determine if designs meet functional and performance specifications.
Confers with other engineering personnel and prepares design modifications as required.
Evaluates inspection or test results for possible improvements of existing builds.
Uses computer assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform engineering and design tasks.
Coordinates engineering activities for the Customer Focus Team (CFT) and coordinates with the customer to resolve production problems.
Develops and updates documentation to establish production methodology and requirements.
Manages BOM loads and Engineering Change Notices
Understands and updates Shop Floor systems/routings
Identify and coordinate the construction of tooling and fixturing required for product assembly, inspection and product movement.
Must be self-motivated, able to set priorities and able to multi-task
Here is some of what you’ll need (required):
Electrical, Industrial or Mechanical Engineering Degree.
Computer skills
Must have strong oral and written communications skills.
Here are a few of our preferred experiences:
Use of the following tools may be required: Electronic Assembly: color code, component, schematics.
May require various PCB operation knowledge. Inspection: bare board, systems, components, cable and harness, microscope, measuring tools. Mechanical & Electrical Tools: taps and dies, alignment tools, measuring tools.
Office skills: Office software to include, Microsoft OFFICE and Outlook S/W
Demonstrates advanced functional and technical skills and basic process skills. Typically requires skill and troubleshooting, and diagnostics, and overview of the entire assembly process and the ability to train others.
Ability to read and understand component data sheets and PWB fabrication specifications. Requires a working knowledge of surface mount technologies.
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Design & Technology

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com
