Iodine Software equips medical teams with the most innovative tools to solve some of their toughest problems in clinical documentation. By leveraging technology like Natural Language Processing and groundbreaking technologies like Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, our platform drives significant improvements in how hospitals document patient health conditions, in turn positively influencing team performance and patient outcomes.

Our client base is growing rapidly, and we need talented, dedicated individuals to help drive our continued success. As a Data Pipeline Engineer, you will be an essential part of the team ensuring our clients’ real-time medical data is received and processed. These are tech-savvy, resourceful individuals with the ability to understand large data sets and write code creatively to solve client needs. If you are passionate about problem solving, focused on quality, enjoy programming, and consider yourself a technologist at heart, this position may be right for you.

What You’ll Do
Program our interface engine to accept incoming real-time healthcare data from our clients and send clinical insights and activities from the Iodine application back to client systems
Partner with implementation teams to ensure new client data pipelines are up, configured, and running on-time per the implementation schedule
Partner with support and client success teams to add new functionality to existing data pipelines
Serve as Iodine’s expert in the data received by Iodine and consult with product, engineering, and other teams to help them understand capabilities allowed with our data set
Be a problem solver with a desire to make it work. We trust our employees to be clever and resourceful and to find solutions to problems without obvious answers.
See Something, Do Something:

At Iodine, we are incredibly privileged to be entrusted with an enormous amount of Protected Health Information (PHI) amounting more than 90 million lives. Inherent to our culture is the need to live up to that trust in everything we do. Security is a primary responsibility shared by every Iodine employee and we expect everyone to honor that responsibility. That includes abiding by our security policies, being constantly vigilant to possible risks to the privacy and safety of the information given to our care and bringing forward any concerns about security.

What You’ll Need

Minimum Requirements (Education, certifications and experience):
Bachelors degree with record of academic achievement and an emphasis on technical work
At least one year of professional experience in programming
Preferred Requirements:
Experience with successfully programming HL7 interfaces
Experience with LUA and SQL programming languages
Proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities while consistently exceeding goals
What You’ll Get:

This is a unique opportunity to join a close-knit, rapidly growing team and help us evolve a key piece of the organization. You will be learning the latest technologies that are pushing the boundaries of our industry and impacting the way medical teams document patient health conditions. You will be creating custom solutions, solving challenging business problems, and directly influencing product direction. You will join a passionate and ambitious team, with a proven record of success building multiple companies. Learn more about us at www.iodinesoftware.com

You must be currently authorized to work full-time in the United States on a permanent basis.
