About the role:

Blackbaud is seeking a Senior DevOps Engineer to work among a passionate team responsible for Linux based application operations support and for engineering innovative infrastructure and application solutions with increasing reliability, scalability, supportability, and security. You will play an instrumental role in our journey to a public cloud model while also sustaining a high level of quality in our current co-located data centers.

As a Senior DevOps Engineer you will be collaborating to lead the development of our solution delivery platforms supporting our Linux web-based applications. You are a developer that is passionate about getting things done and engineering with excellence. You will have the opportunity to work on software solutions within our organization that will have a huge impact on our industry and our clients. You will utilize automation technologies to provide world-class solutions that serve the non-profit industry. In doing so, you have an opportunity to learn or improve upon design and architecture skills and gain a full understanding and appreciation for implementing modern software applications.

What you’ll be doing:
Responsible for the overall health and stability of supported applications, systems and environments by proactively monitoring and responding to events.
Work directly with Development and Customer Success teams to improve our overall stability and speed to production
Standardize and automate change, validation, and deployment processes to increase efficiency and reduce risk, complexity, waste and cost.
Proactively monitor capacity and performance management measures to ensure quality and support business growth.
Drive incident response with focus on restoration of service, followed by pursuit of root cause and permanent resolution.
Keep up with industry trends and effectively adapt to demands to rapidly evolving email technologies.
Support operations on a 24x7x365 basis when needed for production-impacting incidents or key customer events
What we’ll want you to have:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information Technology or 5+ years of related work experience
Demonstrated experience in Linux administration and engineering
Working knowledge of Database and Web server Administration (Oracle and Apache)
Demonstrated experience with one or more scripting languages (Bash, Python, Ansible)
Experience with source control technologies required (GitHub)
Practical experience in software engineering best practices such as design patterns, decoupled architectures, and test-driven development preferred
Why you'll want to come work here:
Our benefits are unmatched. Not only do we offer competitive salaries, 4 weeks paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and 401K match, we also provide endless community involvement opportunities to encourage our employees to give back, through our CSR programs like gift matching and volunteer for vacation.
Blackbaud has been named to Forbes America's Best Employers for Diversity 2019, Forbes America’s Best Midsize Employer 2019, and AnitaB.org's Top Companies for Women Technologists 2018, we are rapidly growing and offer incredible opportunity for career advancement!
We understand that people thrive in a culture focused on teamwork and purpose. That's why Blackbaud offers a tremendous company culture, encouraging open, collaborative working environments in all of our offices around the world, including; North America, Australia, the United Kingdom and Costa Rica.
We have proven that we are one of the best technology companies to work for. Blackbaud has been ranked Best Technology Company in Charleston, SC for the fourth year in a row, and ranked by BuiltIn Austin as one of the Best Places to Work in Austin, TX.
Stay up to date on everything Blackbaud, follow us on Linkedin, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and YouTube

Blackbaud is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
