You…

As a Data Warehouse Engineer at Octo, you will provide overall direction and guidance for cybersecurity policy, strategy, and compliance for an organization level enterprise cloud platform. You will coordinate the data administration technical function for both data warehouse development and maintenance.

Us…

We were founded as a fresh alternative in the Government Consulting Community and are dedicated to the belief that results are a product of analytical thinking, agile design principles and that solutions are built in collaboration with, not for, our customers. This mantra drives us to succeed and act as true partners in advancing our client’s missions.

Program Mission…

The project you will be working on is an existing cloud-based information technology infrastructure to host mission systems, applications, services, and data. While the current environment exists as an enterprise enabling platform, the end state of the environment is to enable Army leaders at every echelon to make fully informed, data driven decisions, based on authoritative and/or production data sources. Our approach is to transform legacy applications to be cloud native and reside on a Platform as a Service (PaaS). Additionally, modernize current applications by breaking them down into loosely coupled micro-services, and leveraging a continuous integration / continuous delivery pipeline to enable an agile DevOps Strategy.

What we'd like to see...
Experience providing supervision, training, and quality assurance to junior personnel.
Facilitates change control, problem management, and communication among data architects, programmers, analysts and engineers.
Establishes and enforces processes to ensure a consistent, well-managed and well-integrated data warehouse infrastructure
Expands and improves data warehouse to include data from all functions of the organization using data manipulation, transformation and cleansing tools.
Plans and oversees the technical transitions between development, testing, and production phases of the workplace.
Must possess 1 of the following certifications: SSCP, Network+, CCNA
Exposure to DevOps practices as it relates to fast paced agile software development.
Desired Skills:
Passionate about data warehousing
Able to clearly communicate and provide positive recommendation of improvements to existing software/hardware environments
Capable of coordinating requirements and engineering decisions across multiple efforts
Years of Experience: 4 years of related data warehouse engineering work experience

Education: Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or other Scientific/Technical discipline

Location: Austin, TX

Clearance: Active Secret required
