We are looking for a senior data engineer who will help define the data architecture and transformation workflows for our Data Analytics Platform. Working with the Product Manager and Development Manager, you will help us design our analytics environment and bring fast and reliable Analytics to our internal and external customers. Hypori is a Virtual Mobile Infrastructure platform that enables a secure BYOD system for clients. You should have the experience to manage and build enterprise class software that can be deployed around the world. You can learn more about the Hypori product at: https://hypori.com/

You can take our vision of Agile Analytics development, fill in the gaps and bring it to life.
Investigate and recommend data platforms and tools to support Hypori’s analytics needs
Build data pipelines and transformation workflows
Mentor junior Data Engineers on data flow and quality
Advise on data stewardship and ETL/ELT quality assurance best practices

5+ years of data pipeline and ETL work and tuning data management environments
3+ years of data platform architecture
Experience applying common, data warehousing concepts (Kimball, Inmon, etc)
Experience with reporting and visualization for unstructured and structured data.
Experience with data cleansing and data quality functions.
Nice to Have
Professional Data Engineer Certification.
Experience embedding analytics in automated processes.
You have an interest in assigning a dollar value to our data.
What you’ll get working with us
Day One benefits package of an established company
The perks of an Austin startup such as free snacks, soda, coffee, and a relaxed office
The opportunity to work on cool technology with brilliant people
Breakfast Taco Fridays
Since 2006, Intelligent Waves has remained committed to providing quality engineering, operations, and intelligence solutions to our clients and it all starts with YOU. Intelligent Waves provides a great and generous benefits package to include medical, dental and vision, PTO leave, and life & disability packages. We also invest in our employees' futures by providing a contribution with vesting starting from DAY 1, technical training, tuition bonuses, and much, much more.
Intelligent Waves LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, and gender identity protected veteran status and individuals with disabilities, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.
A Veteran Friendly Organization
#IW
#Hypori
