SpyCloud is a pioneer in breach discovery. We strive to help businesses of all sizes mitigate data breaches by proactively alerting when employee or company assets have been compromised. We accomplish this through our early-warning breach detection service powered by a world-class team of intelligence analysts.
We are looking for a passionate junior developer to join our Data Parsing Team. We have the unique challenge of making sense of the mountains of exposed credentials recovered from the dark web and underground. This is the life blood of SpyCloud so you will have a big impact!
What You Will Do:
Create efficient and scalable ways of parsing large amounts of (un)structured data
Add to and improve our data parsing pipeline
Work closely with our security researchers who are collecting breach data
Participate in a fast-paced environment
Your Skills and Experience:
New college grad with a degree in Computer Science or a related field OR at least 2 years of professional experience as a software developer
Experience with Python
An understanding of data structures and algorithms
Experience with a database (relational or NoSQL)
Experience with Linux
Excellent communication skills
Be self-motivated and be able to switch contexts as business needs change
Nice To Have:
Familiarity with an MVC web framework (e.g. Pyramid, Django, Ruby on Rails, etc)
Familiarity with front-end development (e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
Familiarity with building REST APIs
Familiarity with Bash scripting
Familiarity with AWS
Familiarity with a version control system. We use Git.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Referral Program
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Software Development: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.spycloud.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
