About Sysco Labs

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Syscos commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.
Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Platform Engineer at SyscoLabs, you will be a key player in the development effort for Java and node.js services enabling 400k Sysco customers to submit $50B+ in annual revenue. Hands-on experience in designing and running high-availability, low latency back-end services is required. Collaboration with DevOps, Product Management and fellow team members will drive your success. You will have a passion for code quality and a solid understanding of best practices across the stack. This role requires excellence in designing and implementing high-performance and scalable software.

What youll bring to the table:
5+ years of engineering experience using Java/Spring/AWS technologies
Experience in data modeling and working with DBA to optimize application performance
Experience with Agile development practices
Knowledge of architecture, design, and integration landscape of systems at scale
Advanced understanding of development methodologies and processes
Experience with common software engineering tools such as Git, JIRA, Confluence, etc
A strong eye for debugging and an eagerness to optimize code whenever possible
Strong CS fundamentals. Solid understanding of the why and not just the how.
A kind and generous attitude towards customers and coworkers alike.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!

We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.
