Company Founded in Austin, Texas, in 2014, our client has built a powerful digital platform where buyers and service providers can easily connect and transact on a full range of oil field services. Job Description The Senior Data Engineer will be responsible for the design, structure, and maintenance of the data environment. The data practice is still very young within the organization and this individual will be tasked with helping develop it into a more robust environment. The management and organization of data is highly technical and requires advanced skills with computers and proficiency with data-oriented computer languages such as Python, SQL, and XML. A Senior Data Engineer possesses superior analytical skills and is detail-oriented. This Senior Data Engineer will be required to communicate effectively with C-Level and needs to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical staff. Since development of data models and logical workflows is common, a Senior Data Engineer must also exhibit advanced visualization skills, as well as creative problem-solving. Responsibilities Plans, architects, designs, analyses, develops, codes, tests, debugs and documents data analytics platforms to satisfy business requirements for large, complex Data ReservoirData Warehouse, Reporting Analytics development Lead and perform database level tuning and optimization in support of application development teams on an ad-hoc basis. Analyses business and data requirements to support the implementation of an applicationrsquos full functionality Contributes to high level functional design used across all Reporting Analytics applications based on system build and knowledge of business needs Collaborates with fellow team members and keeps the team and other key stakeholders well informed of progress of application business features being developed Create data architecture strategies for each subject area of the enterprise data model. Communicate plans, status and issues to higher management levels. Collaborate with the business and other IT organizations to plan a data strategy. Qualifications Bachelor or Masterrsquos degree in computer science or similar 5+ years of experience with demonstrated knowledge in the design development of data warehouses andor data reservoirdata lakedata mart platform. 4+ years of advanced analytics tools methodologies (Python, R etc.) 4+ years of experience in data ingestion tools and techniques including ETL ELT methodologies. 3+ years experience in Tableau is preferred but other visualization tools such as PowerBI will also be considered. Working proficiency in a selection of software engineering disciplines and demonstrates understanding of overall software skills including business analysis, development, testing, deployment, maintenance and improvement of software. Strong communication skills with demonstrated experience coordinating development cycles and project management. Self-starter that can work alone and as part of a larger internal and external team Works well with others and understands the importance of the team Exceptional data analysis skills and problem solving ability Experience with statistical analysis and predictive modelling skills ndash a plus ----------------------------------------------------------------------- For more information on this job visit httpsrekruiters.comjobs httpswww.google.comurl?qhttpsrekruiters.-UpcPd8ow Rekruiters has been named by business journals as one of the best places to work. We offer benefits such as weekly pay, health insurance, 401k and even profit sharing to our consultants. Corporate httpswww.rekruiters.com httpswww.google.comurl?qhttpswww.rekruiters. ndash Main Site rekruiters.com ndash Twitter httpswww.facebook.comrekruiters httpswww.google.comurl?qhttpswww.facebook.-hlw ndash Facebook ------------------------------------------------------------------------ JOB ID - 6581
