Job Description
As a Data Scientist, you will apply the latest data mining techniques, using statistical analysis to integrate prediction systems with products and present findings to the business. As a data scientist you will work closely with architects, engineers, account managers and data scientists within and outside the company. You will be involved from pre-sales to support. You will work on next generation algorithms development and help measure, maintain and upgrade current business.

Responsibilities:
Building algorithms and designing experiments to merge, manage, analyze, and extract data for tailored reports to colleagues, clients or management.
Gathering, standardizing, and analyzing voluminous electronic data, such as records, general ledgers, sales and inventory data, etc.
Creating and monitoring anomaly detection systems.
Own complete life cycle from problem formulation to solution deployment and maintenance
Must be able to collaborate with architects, engineers, and data scientists within and outside the company
Building predictive models and presenting information using data visualization tools and techniques.
Develop proven methods and strategies for the larger Data Scientist team.
Collaborating with engineering and product development teams.
Querying and mining large data sets to discover transaction patterns, examining financial data and filtering for targeted information that utilize both traditional and predictive/advanced analytic methodologies.
Keeping the company current with the latest technology, techniques, and methods.
Act as a technical thought leader in collaboration with the analytics team, helping to set the strategy and standards for data science and advanced analytics.
Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to communicate clearly and concisely with executives, engineers, account managers, sales, business partners and data scientists.
Qualifications
0-10+ years of work experience in a Data Scientist role (or related field).
3+ years of outstanding technical abilities with Java, or C/C++ development experience with statistical machine learning models
Bachelor’s degree or higher in data relevant fields: Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Python, R etc., with expert proficiency in at least one
Experience creating, managing, and utilizing high performance relational and NoSQL databases, such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Microsoft Access, OLAP and other software.
Experience with a business intelligence tool such as Tableau, Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics
Experience with Spark, Kaplan, Breeze, MapReduce models a plus
You can describe and speak in an approachable way about complex analyses and concepts within a cross-functional team. You are a great “analytic translator”. You know how to simplify technical concepts when explaining things to non-technical business leaders.
Selecting and implementing data mining methods most relevant to company projects and desired outcomes.
Experience with at least two of Social Network Analysis, Knowledge Graphs, Predictive Modeling, Language Processing (including NLP) is a plus
Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms
Rounded business skills with the ability to understand customer and/or stakeholder needs
Have a strong mathematical background and have experience with modeling complex high dimensional problems
Experience performing petabyte scale data analysis and developing meaningful visualizations
Must be organized, have an eye for detail, and be able to identify trends within the data and tell that story to business leaders
