About GM


There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors.

To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.

Why Work for Us


Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.

Job Description


Job Responsibilities / Deliverables
Collaborate with business, IT, Automation and analytics community to capture, prioritize and document data analytic requirements and drive measurable results.
Pull data using existing reporting tools, Analyze & Perform testing and validation of data sets
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns
Determine the meaning of data and explain how various teams and leaders can leverage it to improve and streamline their processes
Understand latest industry trends and explore possibilities of using advance analytics tools
Support leadership in driving strategic decisions for development and implementation in GM plants
Write user stories and framework for IT development team
Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges that drive business impact
Present complex information using data visualization techniques
Provide training and guidance to business partners focused on data analysis methodology reporting and tools.
Skills & Qualifications:
Strong analytical capabilities & proven hands on experience
Proficient in one or more core analytical tools / languages such as Python, R, Spark Scala
Understanding of data gathering, inspecting, cleansing, transforming, and modeling/diagramming techniques
Experience writing efficient Structured Query Language (SQL)
Expert with MS Excel & various business intelligence and analytical tools such as Tableau, Power BI
Databases: MS Access, Oracle, SQL Server
Ability to identify useful information in data sets and suggest conclusions that support decision making
Proficient in statistical methods such as regression, probability analysis, risk analysis, statistical process control.
Communication skills with the ability to distill complex subjects to a wider audience.
Excellent collaboration and project management skills
Multiple ME assignments with successful individual achievements or strong team-based achievements
Demonstrated understanding of Manufacturing Plant floor work, processes, Industrial engineering
Demonstrated understanding of Centralized ME type work activity
Proven ability to develop technology and integration of the specific technology to a larger goal/project
Exposure/ Understanding of Plant floor Systems/ Controls/ IT would be added advantage.
Additional Job Description


Experience/Education:
Bachelors/ Masters degree in Engineering or related field. Or Specialization in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, information technology.
Experience in Manufacturing Engineering process studies, Industrial engineering, Plant floors systems knowledge will be added advantage
Hands on experience in Analytics tools, Throughput improvements will be added advantage
Benefits Overview


The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
• Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
• Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
• Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
• Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
• Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
• Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.

Diversity Information


General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
