About the role:

Blackbaud is seeking a Network Principal Engineer to work among a passionate team responsible for fast and effective operations support and for engineering innovative infrastructure and application solutions with increasing reliability, scalability, supportability and security. You will play an instrumental role in our journey to a public cloud model while also sustaining a high level of quality in our current co-located data centers, responsible for both cloud-based and physical infrastructure and application solutions.

To be successful in this role, you will take on the design, implementation, support and security of Blackbaud’s internal and external networks responsible for applications, infrastructure, and environments of over 45,000+ clients. You will also be required to Available on a 24x7x365 basis when needed for production impacting incidents or key customer events.

What you’ll be doing:
Lead network infrastructure technical design and review existing systems to ensure optimal and efficient performance of Blackbaud’s networks.
Standardize and automate change, validation, and deployment processes to increase efficiency and reduce risk, complexity, waste and cost.
Drive capacity and performance management for the network infrastructure to ensure quality and support business growth.
Create and maintain accurate network diagrams and documentation for design and planning network communication systems.
Drive incident response with focus on restoration of service, followed by root cause analysis and permanent resolution.
Collaborate with third-party support and service vendors expanding our workforce capacity as needed.
Deploy firewalls and other security devices in production environments
Partner with Security Operations to mitigate risk and help to define security policies as it relates to firewall and IDS/IPS infrastructure.
Assist in project management activities including budget preparation, and timeline determinations.
What we’ll want you to have
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information Technology or equivalent related work experience required.
15+ years architecting and implementing complex enterprise infrastructure network solutions required.
Experience acting as a technical lead for escalations and mentoring other members of the team
Expert knowledge supporting and troubleshooting routing/routed protocols (BGP/OSPF/EIGRP).
Proven experience deploying and maintaining Site to Site VPN, DM-VPN and AnyConnect VPN’s.
Expertise deploying firewalls such as Cisco ASA, FirePower, Palo Alto, and other security devices in production environments
Practical experience desired in the implementation of cloud technologies and an understanding of SAAS, PAAS, and IAAS models required (Microsoft Azure preferred)
Practical experience with ITIL or ISO27001 required; lean and agile methodologies preferred
#HelpGoodTakeOver

Why you'll want to come work here:
Our benefits are unmatched. Not only do we offer competitive salaries, 4 weeks paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and 401K match, we also provide endless community involvement opportunities to encourage our employees to give back, through our CSR programs like gift matching and volunteer for vacation.
Blackbaud has been named to Forbes America's Best Employers for Diversity 2019, Forbes America’s Best Midsize Employer 2019, and AnitaB.org's Top Companies for Women Technologists 2018, we are rapidly growing and offer incredible opportunity for career advancement!
We understand that people thrive in a culture focused on teamwork and purpose. That's why Blackbaud offers a tremendous company culture, encouraging open, collaborative working environments in all of our offices around the world, including; North America, Australia, the United Kingdom and Costa Rica.
We have proven that we are one of the best technology companies to work for. Blackbaud has been ranked Best Technology Company in Charleston, SC for the fourth year in a row, and ranked by BuiltIn Austin as one of the Best Places to Work in Austin, TX.
Stay up to date on everything Blackbaud, follow us on Linkedin, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and YouTube

Blackbaud is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
