BigCommerce is disrupting the e-commerce industry as the SaaS leader for fast-growing, mid-market businesses. We enable our customers to build intuitive and engaging stores to support every stage of their growth.

BigCommerce, named a 2020 "Best Place to Work" in Austin, is looking for a Senior Product Support Engineer for our Austin Four Points Office. In this exciting role, you will assist our largest Enterprise Merchants and Digital Solutions Partners with your expert level product knowledge and technical ability. You will be responsible for knowing everything that the platform has to offer, from the newest features to the simplest core functions. Some examples of the groups you will be working with are our product and engineering team, external developers and engineers, Mid-Market merchants, and other internal organizations. As a Senior Product Support Engineer you will get to dive into the more challenging/complex issues that require skills well-beyond what our technical support tiers can handle. You will use your top notch tech skills and coding know-how to identify product defects, come up with creative solutions, and prioritize open issues for our product and engineering team. You will work alongside the BigCommerce product and engineering teams to help fix or enhance the software itself, including developing broader code fixes for use within the application, while engaging with partners and customers.

What You'll Do:
Assist prospects and existing enterprise merchants on BigCommerce solutions by providing a consultative, best practices approach to custom development and technical issues.
Assist Design and Solution partners as well as high value merchants and in-house developers with troubleshooting custom API integrations or custom development issues as needed.
Develop merchant-specific applications and implement custom front end modifications and feature requests coming directly from our high value merchants.
Contribute to the development of tools, apps, or core software improvements.
Manage internal technical requests queue, including assisting with pre-sale and pre-launch solutioning as needed.
Use trace analysis, debug skills, code, and proprietary tools, to analyze system problems, develop and test solutions for higher priority/more complex issues.
Perform analysis techniques to manage critical situations that involve technically challenging issues.
Execute platform and code tests. Identify and communicate defects through creation, prioritization, and organization of those defects via internal tracking system (JIRA); build/lead corrective action plans for these defects as appropriate.
Provide code fixes for minor defects to the core application and/or themes, ensuring code to be merged is always in a releasable state
Comfortable with consultative conversations to business leaders as well as detailed, in-depth discussions with a technical audience.
Ability to collaborate with multiple internal and external groups toward accomplishing a task.
Deliver innovative solutions to highly technical theme, application and integration problems faced by the BigCommerce development community
Collaborate with developer documentation, developer advocate, and knowledge base teams to insure documentation is correct and up to date.
Provide assistance within the BigCommerce Community's Developer Group as needed.
Who You Are:
Expert understanding of BigCommerce API required; capable of performing, testing, and debugging requests.
Expert knowledge of Stencil Framework and Handlebars templating.
Exceptional troubleshooting, testing and debugging skills in multiple environments.
Deep knowledge of DNS, SSL, and the BigCommerce technical infrastructure.
Basic knowledge of programming languages such as Node.js, Ruby, Python, PHP, and JavaScript with strong programming ability in 2 or more of these languages.
Basic knowledge with front end frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue.
Expert knowledge with HTML, CSS.
Experience using and building JSON/REST APIs required.
Intermediate understanding of other services and services providers in the following Cloud service layers: Paas (Amazon AWS, Google App Engine, Heroku).
Ability to self manage to prioritize the most critical needs of the team.
Intermediate level experience with internal tools (logstash, rundeck).
Proficiency with code deployment and supporting tools like Github.
Knowledge of relational databases (i.e. MySQL) and data structures.
Trained in BigCommerce Engineering security and PSR best practices.
Outstanding soft skills and excellent communication skills (verbal and written).
Exceptional time management and ability to work independently .
Ability to give and receive very honest feedback.
A BigCommerce expert. You know the platform inside and out.
Teamwork isn't something you just talk about, you believe in it and help keep it going.
Helping people is what you do. You look forward to helping in any way you can - whether it's our customer, a Partner, or our product team.
Working on complex puzzles and finding out why things tick interest you.
You are a multi-tasking expert and know how to prioritize your workload.
You are excited to learn new technologies.
This description is intended to serve as a summary of key duties and responsibilities and may not contain a comprehensive list of activities.

Diversity & Inclusion at BigCommerce

We have the opportunity to build not only a great business, but a great company, with soul. Our beliefs and commitment to diversity and inclusion are a central part of achieving that. Our dedication to diversity and inclusion is grounded in two things: a moral belief in the dignity, value, and potential of every individual, and a practical belief that diverse, inclusive teams will create the best outcomes for our customers, partners, employees, and company. We welcome everyone to be a part of our journey.
