We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Job Description


About this role

If you are a technical lead with engineering expertise in CPU microarchitecture, performance-model development, performance analysis, or workload analysis, we would like to talk with you about joining Arm’s highly successful CPU performance architecture team based in Austin. Our team plays a major role in crafting our next-generation Cortex-A class CPU designs and in enabling Arm partners to use our designs in world-class products. As a senior member of this expert team, you will own substantial and challenging performance projects

What types of projects will you accomplish?
Collaborate with other members of the design team - primarily in Austin - to help design our next-generation CPU microarchitecture
Lend your expertise across all Performance sub-disciplines: microarchitecture and performance model development, microarchitectural performance analysis, RTL/performance-model correlation, workload analysis, and workload development
Engage with key partners at an engineering level to understand their future performance requirements, performance sensitivities, and workload expectations
Help develop the team and be a mentor to engineers
Interact with customers and other third parties to successfully communicate complex technical ideas, and participate in internal and customer meetings

Job Requirements


What skills, experience and qualifications do you need?
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering
A minimum of 15 years of experience in microarchitecture-level performance modeling, CPU or system microarchitecture development, or workload/microarchitecture performance analysis (you don't need specific Arm-architecture expertise)
An authority with microarchitecture at the level of CPU, system, and SoC
What would give you an edge?

We would like to talk with you, if:
You have a proven track record in microarchitectural innovation – proposing new ideas, studying them in cycle-accurate simulators, and estimating impact on power & area
You have passion for continuing to grow your expertise in CPU microarchitecture including both familiarity with and a curiosity about cycle-accurate simulators, functional simulators, workload analysis, bring-up tools, and more
You love advanced software engineering such as design patterns, profiling, and programming in multiple languages
You strive to achieve wining solutions and demonstrate enthusiasm, drive and diligence especially with your team and customers
You build positive relationships which are built upon mutual trust, open communication and sharing of information and success.
You have a drive for continuous improvement through spotting opportunities and seeking the views of others
You listen to different perspectives, evaluate, persuade and carefully shape your work to deliver impactful results
At Arm, we are proud to have core beliefs that reflect our open culture and guide our decisions. Our beliefs define how we work together, and how we evaluate you. Here is a preview for you:

We, not I
Collaboration first, egos last.
•Start with long-term value to customers and partners, and work back from there.
•Collaborate, decide, commit, and bring people with you.
•Make the most of all the skills and knowledge across Arm; share information with those who need it.
•Care about the people around you.

Passion for progress
Innovation that enables our ecosystems, Arm and our people to thrive.
•Work with pace and judgement. Adapt to circumstances.
•Take risk in support of Arm's progress.
•Be accountable for the decisions you take. Learn from failure.
•Pursue innovation relentlessly.

Be your brilliant self
Skillful individuality, performance and fulfilment.
•Be authentic.
•Seek and embrace differences.
•Encourage curiosity and challenge.
•Give people trust and autonomy; show people they can trust you to do brilliant work in pursuit of Arm’s goals.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Benefits


Your particular benefits package will depend on position and type of employment and may be subject to change. Your package will be confirmed on offer of employment. Arm’s benefits program provides permanent employees with the opportunity to stay innovative and healthy, ensure the wellness of their families, and create a positive working environment.
Annual Bonus Plan
Discretionary Cash Awards
401(k), 100% matching on first 6% eligible earnings
Medical, Dental & Vision, 100% coverage for employee only, shared cost for dependents
Basic Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance (AD&D)
Short Term (STD) and Long Term (LTD) Disability Insurance
Vacation, 20 days per year with option to buy 5 more.
Holidays, 13 days per year
Sabbatical, 20 paid days every four-years of service
Sick Leave, 7 days per year
Volunteering, four hours per month (TeamARM)
Office location dependent: café on site, fitness facilities, team and social events
Additional benefits include: Flexible Spending Accounts for health and dependent care, EAP, Health Advocate, Business Travel Accident Program & Commuter programs.
ARM, Inc. (USA) participates in E-Verify. For more information, please refer to www.dhs.gov/E-Verify

About Arm


Arm® technology is at the heart of a computing and connectivity revolution that is transforming the way people live and businesses operate. From the unmissable to the invisible; our advanced, energy-efficient processor designs are enabling the intelligence in 86 billion silicon chips and securely powering products from the sensor to the smartphone to the supercomputer. With more than 1,000 technology partners including the world’s most famous business and consumer brands, we are driving Arm innovation into all areas compute is happening inside the chip, the network and the cloud.

With offices around the world, Arm is a diverse community of dedicated, innovative and highly talented professionals. By enabling an inclusive, meritocratic and open workplace where all our people can grow and succeed, we encourage our people to share their unique contributions to Arm's success in the global marketplace.

About the office


The Arm Austin office employs staff from across all divisions of ARM and is considered the engineering hub for North America. Austin has the nickname of “Silicon Hills” thanks to the high number of tech companies in the area, and is also known as the “Live Music Capital of the World". Events such as South by Southwest, Austin City Limits Music Festival and the F1 Grand Prix are but a few of the many activities that make Austin a top destination for both residents and travelers.
Austin, TX USA
Arm Inc.
Encino Trace
5707 Southwest Pkwy
Bldg 1 Suite 100
Austin, TX. 78735
