AVP, Digital/Marketing Data Architect and Engineer We are currently seeking an AVP, Digital/Marketing Data Architect and Engineer with experience in digital marketing technology and a desire to launch innovative data analytics solutions. The data engineer will be participating in developing/unit testing/documenting and deploying data-driven solutions. The successful candidate possesses strategic thinking skills, a passion for product development, and a proven background in developing new products and scaling existing ones. This position requires an engaging, innovative, and collaborative approach. The candidate must demonstrate the ability to work with other leaders across multiple functional areas effectively. Our ideal candidate will be passionate about optimizing our marketing data infrastructure. The position requires building strong technical hands-on-skills and experiences as well as establishing close business relationships and working closely with analytics and marketing stakeholders. A successful candidate must have a demonstrable background with experience in big data, data management, data lakes, data hubs, and data-driven CRM. Skilled in data getting created from marketing platforms like Salesforce Pardot, Adobe Analytics, AEM, Audience Manager and CDP Key Responsibilities / Duties Directly participate in partner and prospective partner meetings to help understand partner marketing data strategize data solutions Collaboratively define, document, communicate, and execute technical requirements for data solutions Contribute to data-enabled product vision and feature backlog Work with Decision scientists on data representation and statistical approaches to measurement. Define and own the data engineering roadmap for measurement of campaign effectiveness and efficiency. Able to immerse yourself in all aspects of marketing, understand the problems, and tie them back to data engineering solution Own the creation, definition, and maintenance of user attributes used to build segments for audience marketing Strong understanding of all marketing technology platforms such as DMP, CDP, and data visualization platforms Build new, and improve existing, data pipes to enable faster and smarter data assets that will allow new and innovative marketing technologies Participate in data strategy and road map exercises, business intelligence/data warehouse product selection, design, and implementation Extensive, proven knowledge of Data Warehousing technologies, or Big Data (Hadoop and related technologies), either as a Data Warehouse or as a Big Data engineer or as a Data Scientist Solid general architectural skills, with proven expertise in delivering complex data systems Proven knowledge in all stages of the software development life cycle, including the need for architecture, code reviews, unit and integration testing, and CI/CD. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability and desire to communicate with all Innovate and experiment with new data-driven product concepts Work with business and technical stakeholders to develop best-in-class data engineering solutions Work with analytics tools such as Tableau and Adobe Analytics to combine and analyze the results of the campaign Manage application and data integration platforms (Informatica, Talend) Experience in designing and managing data marts, data warehouse platform Education and Experience Required BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering discipline 10+ years of work experience showing growth as a Lead Data Engineer 5+ years of experience in working with marketing data engineering in an enterprise. Strong experience in SQL, dimensional modeling, supporting data warehouse, scaling and optimizing, performance tuning and ETL pipelines Architecting and implementing ETL and data replication solutions that provide timely and accurate ingestion of data to data warehouses and data lakes Architecting and implementing contemporary back end data warehouse and data lake repositories that support reporting, analysis, exploration, visualization and machine learning Designing and developing front end solutions for reporting, exploration, visualization, and analysis, including self-service Advanced knowledge in SQL/Hive, Spark, NoSQL, (Java/Python is a plus) ETL tools (e.g., Informatica, Talent) Proficiency with programming languages (e.g. Python, Ability to work on multiple areas like Data pipeline ETL, Data modeling & design, writing complex SQL queries, etc Proficiency in Airflow is a big plus. Problem solver with excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to make sound complex decisions in a fast-paced, technical environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Articulate think on your feet capability with customer facing presence Ability to work independently or with a team and multi-task in a fast paced environment Self-starter with the ability and desire to learn new technologies quickly Able to work in a multicultural environment Enjoy challenging and thought provoking work and have a strong desire to learn and progress About LPL Financial: LPL Financial is a leader in the retail financial advice market and the nations largest independent broker/dealer*. We serve independent financial advisors and financial institutions, providing them with the technology, research, clearing and compliance services, and practice management programs they need to create and grow thriving practices. LPL enables them to provide objective guidance to millions of American families seeking wealth management, retirement planning, financial planning and asset management solutions. LPL and its affiliates have more than 4,200 employees with primary offices in Boston, Charlotte, and San Diego. *As reported by Financial Planning magazine, June 1996-2019, based on total revenue. Our Culture: If you join LPL, you will join a culture that believes in delivering a world-class client experience and looks to all employees to contribute to that goal by sharing their creativity, experience, and passion for continuous improvement. As a destination of choice, our top priorities are growth and development, social responsibility, and financial health for our employees. We offer competitive compensation and industry leading benefits, including a wellness facility with onsite fitness classes, healthy meal choices, and a walk-in clinic. We support employee financial health through a 401k match, ESPP, and employee discounts. Work/life balance is our foundation and is supported through paid holidays, and paid time off (including time to volunteer). We foster a diverse work environment through Employee Resource Groups and diverse strategic partnerships. Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.
