Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet


We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us!



Lattice Engines Team:

Lattice Engines is the leading AI-powered platform that helps B2B marketers scale their account-based marketing programs across every channel. We apply cutting edge technologies and data science to external buying signals and customers provided data to drive deep insights into the company’s business.

Analytics Engineer Role:

As an Analytics Engineer, you will serve as the lead for ensuring accurate and comprehensive data is included in Lattice’s AI platform as part of customer implementations. Specifically, in the Analytics Engineer role, you are focused on analyzing and transforming raw customer data into summarized and aggregated data sets suitable for predictive modeling and machine learning. The best candidates for the Analytics Engineer role thrive in a fast-paced environment and frame problems constructively to deliver reliable, transparent and repeatable solutions. Additionally, you are able to fluently explain complex ideas to colleagues and customers.

Analytics Engineer Responsibilities include:
Regular use of the AWS Suite for ETL (Lambda, Glue, CloudWatch, SNS, RDS, S3)
Regular use of SQL, Python, and Excel
Mentor non-senior team members on designing data ETL processes
Work collaboratively with other customer delivery team members to implement solutions on the Lattice platform.
Identify and resolve analytical problems related to gathering and processing large sets of data
Design and create training sets that will be used in Lattice products to build statistical models to predict customer purchase behavior
Design detailed technical solution documentation for complex analytics and data problems from customer business requirements.
Analytics Engineer Minimum requirements:
A Bachelor’s degree in math, operations research, industrial engineering, or any related engineering, scientific or computational field of study that includes related statistical or math coursework (Master’s degree is a plus)
3+ years of progressive experience in any related occupation performing analysis of data and data modeling using the AWS Suite, SQL, Python, and Excel
Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.

Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.
