Position Title
Analytics Graphics UI Applications Engineer, Project Level

01-Jul-2020

Business Group
Architecture and Software

No. of Positions
1

Requisition Number
92615BR

Job Category
Software and Engineering

Position Type
Full Time

Relocation Eligible
No

Position Summary

Position Summary


The Analytics Graphics User Interface Application Engineer is responsible for the development and maintenance of innovative, cutting edge analytics and process control application products for manufacturing industry built using Eclipse Rich Client Platform (RCP). The scope of applications range in nature from diagnostic and predictive to closed-loop control.

The ideal candidate is highly organized, action-oriented with hands on experience in with building Java rich client applications applications with thorough understanding of various application and user interface design patterns using Eclipse RCP. The candidate has a good understanding of application architecture and is flexible to work on various areas of GUI, middleware, and cloud.

Responsibilities
Drive Java GUI application design and development decisions for analytics applications using Eclipse RCP, SWT and Java Design Patterns
Able to gather cross-functional requirements and translate them into practical engineering tasks
Collaborate with geographically distributed teams
Well versed with Agile practices
Able to work closely with product managers, data scientists, SQA, back-end engineers
Contribute to and promote good software engineering practices across the team
Troubleshoot and resolve system problems and customer issues
Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree
Legal authorization to work in the US is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening.
Preferred Qualifications:
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related engineering field
8+ year’s hands-on Java development experience
3+ years of experience Java GUI with Eclipse RCP based rich client application with Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT) with good understanding of architecture
Strong object-oriented design skills, coupled with good knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Experience in collaborative design of simple GUI work-flows for complex problems
Experience managing source code using GIT and SVN
Experience with Maven and OSGI build environments
Familiarity with computational systems, especially analytics and or machine learning is a plus
Knowledge of web-based UI technologies desirable
Familiarity with computational systems, especially analytics and or machine learning is a plus
Excellent problem solving skills and written and oral communication skills
Ability to coordinate tasks with remote development teams
Ability to provide mentoring to team members
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related engineering field
Experience using tools like JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo
Experience with NetBeans and Swing or JavaFX will also be considered
This is a summary of the position’s responsibilities and does not reflect the entire scope of work expectations.

#LI-MB1

#sponsored

Country(s)
United States

EEO Statement
Rockwell Automation is an Equal Opportunity Employer including disability and veterans.

If you are an individual with a disability and you need assistance or reasonable accommodation during the application process, please contact our services team at +1 (844) 404-7427.

Company Overview
Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE: ROK), is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Rockwell Automation employs approximately 23,000 problem solvers dedicated to our customers in more than 100 countries. To learn more about how we are bringing The Connected Enterprise to life across industrial enterprises, visit www.rockwellautomation.com.

Work State/City
Austin - Texas, San Jose - California
