Technical Lead Engineer

Development

AffiniPay is looking for a Technical Lead Engineer for our Backend Platform Team to help us build our next generation payment platform. As a Technical Lead Engineer, you are someone who really wants to make a difference and have a direct impact on the companys business by providing a blend of hands-on and technical leadership to our engineers. You will work alongside, as well as lead, a team of software engineers focused on delivering secure, high performance, and highly scalable REST services supporting professional practices nationwide.

Responsibilities:

Owning the design and implementation of platform features within our Scala/Java service stack
Mentor developers on the team with Java, mySQL, AWS, CI/CD knowledge, and Engineering Best Practices
Work with team members to design high-volume, high-availability micro-services in AWS cloud to meet the business requirements
Developing client- and server-side infrastructure for platform access from web and server integrations
Working to improve processes and technologies
Iterating on new and existing features to improve usability, performance, and security
Deploying and managing platform services within AWS
Coordinating design and implementation features both within and across teams
Holds team accountable for proper design and quality of features produced and is results oriented
Requirements:

BS in Computer Science or Engineering
5+ years professional backend software development
Proficient in core languages such as Scala or Java
Willingness to learn new languages, technologies, and stacks
Help apply the right technologies to problems in a dynamic environment and deliver shippable results
Knowledgeable in MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Oracle DB environments and ORM frameworks
Familiar with distributed programming techniques
Experienced implementing and debugging large scale solutions in cloud-based environments
Familiar with Linux environments
Experienced with security-related development practices, cross-domain API access, big data processing frameworks, and additional programming languages/frameworks (Rails, Node, Scala) are a plus
About AffiniPay

At AffiniPay, were continuously tackling exciting and interesting problems to define the direction of the financial technology industry and transform the way professionals get paid! Our drive to become leaders in fintech has fostered our fast-moving, growth-focused culture. Weve assembled teams of highly collaborative problem solvers who are passionate about both personal and company growth. We are eager to create, work together, and do whatever it takes to get the job done. We also know that our people are our greatest asset and responsible for our ultimate success. As such, we invest in our team-members growth and development, recognize accomplishments, and celebrate successes together. Were building a winning team, and we need more creative, collaborative, and fun-loving people to help us get the job done!

Affini-Perks! We've got you covered...

Competitive compensation structure
401K with automatic 5% company contribution
100% paid medical, dental, and vision benefit plans
100% Company paid short- and long-term disability and life insurance
Open PTO plan
Paid maternity/paternity leave
Fun offsite quarterly meetings
AffiniPay Swag Package
Company lunches and fully stocked kitchen
All the benefits of a startup culture without the downsides
The chance to get in on the ground floor of one of Austin's fastest growing companies!

AffiniPay is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
