SunIRef:it

Software Engineer

Requisition ID: ()

Primary Location: United States-Texas-Austin

Job Function: Information Technology

Job Posting: Jun 7, 2020, 10:50:02 AM

Job Summary

The Digital Ecosystem Solutions group is seeking a Embedded Software Engineer to help develop and maintain firmware for our data center infrastructure connectivity solutions. Work will include maintenance and sustaining of existing firmware platforms and development of new platforms. A successful candidate could be skilled in any of several areas of expertise: C++ development, embedded application development, Linux OS development, networking and connectivity protocols, scalable distributed data management, or modern IOT design.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with other engineering groups, team leads, and product management to design, document, develop, and maintain embedded software solutions to meet customer needs.
Design, build, test, and release software modules or systems for new platforms or applications.
Analyze, troubleshoot, and debug embedded software components and systems.
Modify, extend, and improve existing embedded software to meet new requirements.
Create documentation, specifications, and requirements for embedded software projects.
Review code, documents, test cases, and defect reports to provide feedback to peers.
Report activities, project status, and plans to lead developers and management.

Requirements:

BS Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related technical discipline.
Previous working experience of 3-5 years as a software engineer is required.
Strong C++ knowledge:
Python and shell scripting knowledge preferred
Linux OS/driver development expertise, embedded applications knowledge preferred
Internet applications protocol knowledge preferred

About Vertiv

At Vertiv, we offer the stability of a global leader in a growing industry and the opportunity of a startup.

We design, manufacture and service the mission-critical infrastructure technologies for vital applications in data centers, communication networks and commercial and industrial environments. With $4.4 billion in sales, a strong customer base and global reach in nearly 70 countries, our move to establish a standalone business enables us to deliver greater value to our customers and create new opportunities for our people.

Whether you're an established professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring options or recently received your MBA degree, you'll find a variety of opportunities at Vertiv. Explore them now and join our team of 19,000 employees in making the future of our customers' business possible.

Work Authorization

No calls or agencies please. Vertiv will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Vertiv is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by sending an email to .
