Essential Responsibilities:
Are you ready to be part of something new and unique? Resideo is building a brand-new ultra-modern software development team in Austin to reinvent the smart home and our portfolio of software services, sensors, cameras, thermostats, security control and alarm systems. We serve a rapidly expanding ecosystem of connected devices and millions of users. Here you will have the opportunity to invent and create data driven solutions that connect customers with their home and build mobile and web applications supporting end users and service providers.
Come and join the Resideo software engineering team in Austin. This is an exciting environment where you'll have the opportunity to develop your skills solving interesting problems. Work with other smart people and be challenged in your work embracing new technologies and approaches.
We are a developer culture that owns development, testing and DevOps. We work as Agile teams and value creativity, perspective and teamwork.
We are looking for a Senior Principal Data Architect / Data Engineer to design, evolve and implement Resideo's data platform.
The candidate must have hands-on experience in data engineering projects, software development, and dev-ops processes.The candidate will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data engineer who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The candidate will support our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.
The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company's data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.
Job Duties:
Design, develop, and maintain data pipelines to ingest data from external APIs for analysis, store in data stores that are scalable, secured, and accessible by other services in the organization
Work with Security to implement and maintain data privacy and integrity to stay in compliant within the legal data framework
Work with Data Scientists including the Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data mobility & infrastructure needs
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Ensure up-time and disaster recovery with latest technologies
YOU MUST HAVE:
Extensive experience in software development, micro service architecture, and design driven development
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases
Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Experience building processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Teradata, Spark, Kafka, Streamsets, etc.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Mongo.
Experience with AWS/Azure cloud services
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores.
BSc/BA in Computer Science or equivalent.
WE VALUE:
Experience working independently with little supervision and lead a team
Excellent organization and problem-solving skills
Creative Thinking
New and innovative ideas
Collaboration and teamwork
Attention to detail
High quality work product
Strong communication skills
PERKS:
Resideo offers a wide selection of benefits, including medical, dental, vison, disability, and life insurance.
We also provide 401K matching, as well as other optional benefits such as a student loan repayment program.
Free Food and Beverages
Flexible Hours
Casual Attire
Company sponsored discount programs
Really good coffee!
Are you ready to be part of something new and unique? Resideo is building a brand-new ultra-modern software development team in Austin to reinvent the smart home and our portfolio of software services, sensors, cameras, thermostats, security control and alarm systems. We serve a rapidly expanding ecosystem of connected devices and millions of users. Here you will have the opportunity to invent and create data driven solutions that connect customers with their home and build mobile and web applications supporting end users and service providers.
