As the world's leader in digital payments technology, Visa's mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company's dedication to innovation drives the rapid growth of connected commerce on any device, and fuels the dream of a cashless future for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce.

At Visa, your individuality fits right in. Working here gives you an opportunity to impact the world, invest in your career growth, and be part of an inclusive and diverse workplace. We are a global team of disruptors, trailblazers, innovators and risk-takers who are helping drive economic growth in even the most remote parts of the world, creatively moving the industry forward, and doing meaningful work that brings financial literacy and digital commerce to millions of unbanked and underserved consumers.

You're an Individual. We're the team for you. Together, let's transform the way the world pays.

Payments has become a very active/hot area in the last couple of years, creating a strong demand for innovation. This will be a very exciting area in the next 5 to 10 years. Not only is VISA a leader in the payment industry and has been for a long time, but it is also quickly transitioning into a technology company that is fostering an environment for applying the latest technology to solve exciting problems in this area. For a payment system to work well, the risk techniques, performance, and scalability are critical. These techniques and systems can benefit from big data, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, & many other advance technologies and in VISA, we have all of these. If you want to be in the exciting payment space, learn fast, and make big impacts, Artificial Intelligence Platform team within Payment Security & Identity group @ VISA is an ideal place for you!

This position is for a Staff Software Engineer with solid development experience who will focus on creating new capabilities for AI Platform while maturing our code base and development processes. In this position, you are first a passionate and talented developer that can work in a dynamic environment as a member of Agile Scrum teams. Your strong technical leadership, problem-solving abilities, coding, testing and debugging skills is just a start. You must be dedicated to filling product backlog and delivering production-ready code. You must be willing to go beyond the routine and prepared to do a little bit of everything.

You will be an integral part of the development team, sometimes investigating new requirements and design and at times refactoring existing functionality for performance and maintainability, but always working on ways to make us more efficient and provide better solutions to our end customers. The role is for a self-organized individual with knowledge of web application and web service development. The candidate will perform hands-on activities including design, documentation, development and test of new functionality. Candidate must be flexible and willing to switch tasks based on team’s needs.

This position will be based in Austin, TX and reporting to Director of Software Engineering. If this sounds exciting, we want to chat and tell you more about our work culture and environment and see if this will be a good fit for both of us.

Essential Functions
Collaborate with project team members (Product Managers, Architects, Analysts, Software Engineers, Project Managers, etc.) to ensure development and implementation of new data driven business solutions.
Drive development effort End-to-End for on-time delivery of high quality solutions that conform to requirements, conform to the architectural vision, and comply with all applicable standards. Responsibilities span all phases of solution development including:
Collaborate with senior technical staff and PM to identify, document, plan contingency, track and manage risks and issues until all are resolved
Present technical solutions, capabilities, considerations, and features in business terms. Effectively communicate status, issues, and risks in a precise and timely manner.
Basic Qualifications:

8 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 4 years of work experience with an Masters Degree, or a PhD.

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field and 7 years of Software Development Experience or a Masters with 5 years of Software Development Experience or a PhD with 2 years of experience.
Exposure to leading-edge areas such as Machine Learning, Deep Learning, AI, AIOps that lead to deeper customer insights.
Expert in at least one of the following: Golang, Java, or C/C++
Experience with web service standards and related patterns (REST, gRPC)
Experience developing large scale, enterprise class distributed system or subsystems that require high availability, low-latency, & strong data consistency computing
Experience implementing solutions for low-latency, distributed services using open standard technologies.
Experience with Big Data and analytics in general leveraging technologies like Hadoop, Spark, and MapReduce
Experience with distributed caching technologies like REDIS
Experience developing proper metrics instrumentation in software components, to help facilitate real-time and remote troubleshooting/performance monitoring.
Experience architecting solutions with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery in mind
Strong interpersonal and leadership skills with effective communication (both written and verbal) skills and the ability to present complex ideas in a clear & concise way, a team player with good work ethics
A background in the fraud detection domain is a plus.
Work Hours
This position requires the incumbent to be available during core business hours.

Travel Requirements
This position requires the incumbent to travel for work 0% of the time.

Mental/Physical Requirements
This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, and reach with hands and arms.

EEO Statement
Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.
