Position Description:
POSITION PURPOSE

The Software Engineer is responsible for joining a product team and contributing to the software design, software development/configuration, and overall product lifecycle for a product that our users love. The engineering process is highly collaborative. Software Engineers are expected to pair on a daily basis as they work through user stories and support products as they evolve. Software Engineers may be involved in product configuration performing 3rd party configuration and set-up activities using specific HD process techniques, integration, design and development. The role could interface with Business Stakeholders, Technology Infrastructure teams and Development teams to ensure that business requirements are properly configured within a software package. The role may also be involved in performance tuning, testing and product monitoring.

As a Software Engineer, you will be a part of a team with more experienced engineers to help build and grow your skills while you create,
support, and deploy production applications. Typically reports to the Software Engineer Manager or Sr. Manager.
MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

60%- Delivery & Execution:
Collaborates and pairs with other product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions
Documents, reviews and ensures that all quality and change control standards are met
Works with Product Team to ensure user stories that are developer-ready, easy to understand, and testable
Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure, monitoring services, and test cases. Writes custom code or scripts to do “destructive testing” to ensure adequate resiliency in production
Program configuration/modification and setup activities on large projects using HD approved methodology
Configures commercial off the shelf solutions to align with evolving business needs
Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively

20%- Support & Enablement:
Fields questions from other product teams or support teams
Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams
Provides application support for software running in production
Proactively monitors production Service Level Objectives for products
Proactively reviews the Performance and Capacity of all aspects of production: code, infrastructure, data, and message processing

20%- Learning:
Participates in learning activities around modern software design and development core practices (communities of practice)
Proactively views articles, tutorials, and videos to learn about new technologies and best practices being used within other technology organizations
NATURE AND SCOPE

Reports to a Software Engineer Manager or Sr Manager.
This position has no direct reports.
ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS

Environment:

Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:

Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

ESSENTIAL SKILLS:
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:

The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.

Years of Relevant Work Experience: 0 years
Physical Requirements:

Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Preferred Qualifications:

0-1 years of relevant work experience
Experience in a modern scripting language (preferably JAVA)
Exposure to modern web application framework such as RUBY on Rails, Spring MVC and Node.js
Exposure to a front-end technology and framework such as HTML, CCS, JavaScript, AngularJS, ReactJS and JQuery
Exposure to writing SQL queries against a relational database
Exposure to version control systems (preferable Git)

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:Cultivates Innovation: Creating new and better ways for the organization to be successful
Collaborates: Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
Communicates Effectively: Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences
Delivers Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances
Global Perspective: Taking a broad view when approaching issues; using a global lens
Interpersonal Savvy: Relating openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people
Manages Ambiguity: Operating effectively, even when things are not certain or the way forward is not clear
Nimble Learning: Actively learning through experimentation when tackling new problems, using both successes and failures as learning fodder
Self Development: Actively seeking new ways to grow and be challenged using formal and informal development channels
Situational Adaptability: Adapting approach and demeanor in real time to match the shifting demands of different situations

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
