About Us:

NYSTEC is a non-profit technology consulting company, advising agencies, organizations, institutions, and businesses since 1996. Were independent and vendor-neutral so we have our clients best interests at heart. At NYSTEC, we know that we succeed when individuals and teams flourish personally and professionally, so our benefits and perks support this mindset. Are you ready to contribute to our engaged workforce and deliver the NYSTEC Experience?

About the Role:

As a Clinical Data Analyst, you will collaborate with team members to conceptualize, deliver, and support our clients through todays ever-changing landscape. NYSTEC is considered a trusted advisor, partner of choice and employer of choice. We believe every interaction is an opportunity to deliver exceptional service that empowers client success!

Serving as a Clinical Data Analyst, your day-to-day role as a NYSTEC consultant be providing analytical expertise to evaluate health information exchange organizations across New York State. Candidates will have the option to be based in our New York City or Albany office.

Key Responsibilities
Analyze the quality of clinical data from electronic health records and their conformance to national standards to elucidate areas of data quality improvement
Assess policies, processes, and technical solutions that facilitate the exchange of high-quality data, to inform statewide policy and program decision-makers
About You:

Required Qualifications
Proficiency in SQL
Strong knowledge of relational database principles
Proven experience analyzing large data sets, preferably in the healthcare industry.
Strong communication, documentation, critical thinking, and analytical skills
Ability to manage and develop key relationships with colleagues and clients through collaborative thinking and a strong customer focus
Ability to work independently and develop solutions to complex problems as part of a strategic team
Must be proficient with Microsoft Office
Preferred/Desired Qualifications
Experience with national data standards such as HL7, as well as coding systems (e.g., LOINC, ICD-10)
Fluency in Python (preferably Pandas and Numpy), knowledge of non-relational databases and/or knowledge of JSON
Familiarity with health information exchange and/or EHR messaging standards
Education and Experience
A minimum of a bachelors degree with at least 1 year of related experience in a technical, scientific, or related discipline is required. An equivalent combination of advanced education, training, and experience will be considered. Preference given to candidates with a graduate degree in health informatics, public health, statistics, computer science.
If youre an effective communicator who enjoys working in complex and collaborative environments, utilizing your critical thinking and research skills to develop solutions for clients, providing support to customers, and have the required education, experience and skills, we want to hear from you.

NYSTEC is an equal-opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, marital status disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future.

Learn More About NYSTEC www.nystec.com
