Title Data Engineer Location Jacksonville, FL Duration 3 months Compensation 40.00 - 45.00 per hour Work Requirements , GC Holders or Authorized to Work in the US Overview TekPartners has some of the most sought after Information Technology positions available. As a reputable company in the IT staffing industry, you can trust us to place you in the right position. We currently have an opportunity for a Data Engineer in Jacksonville, FL Qualifications Engineer with light analytical background. Enables the core infrastructure needed by the Business Analysts and Data Scientists to perform analytics. Partners with the enterprise IT to fill the data and tool gaps. Ability to work in a fast paced environment and adapt to changing requirements. Strong troubleshooting skills, able to debug production code with limited guidance. Self-starter, able to work with limited supervision and see tasks through to completion. Proficiency to create and support database technical environments. Excellent customer service skills that build high levels of customer satisfaction for internal and external customers. Excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization (e.g., executive, management, individual contributors). Willingly shares relevant technical andor industry knowledge and expertise to other resources. Excellent decision-making, problem-solving, team, and time management skills. Is resourceful and proactive in gathering information and sharing ideas. Ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed. 3-5 years' experience with MS SQL. 2 years SSIS experience. Responsibilities Ability to build, update, and scale large datasets. Write queries to automate production tasks. Responsible for health and hygiene of non-IT managed data. Consume business requirements and develops the data, database specifications, tables and element attributes to support. Models databases and develops tables, stored procedures, views, and other database objects. Maintains database dictionaries, monitors overall database standards and procedures, and integrates systems through database design. Works closely with other developers to integrate databases with other applications. May provide leadership andor guidance to other technical professionals. Performs other related duties as assigned. Our benefits package includes Comprehensive Medical Benefits Competitive Pay, 401K Retirement Plan And Much More About TekPartners TekPartners is one of the fastest growing private staffing firms in the United States. We are a premier provider of highly qualified IT talent, Workforce Solutions and Business Intelligence Solutions to many enterprise organizations across the nation. As experts in the industry, our team continues to match proven talent to the right job opportunity every day. TekPartners is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
