Full Time, permanent position

Wayfair.com is a leader in the e-commerce space for all things home. Our platforms support millions of people searching every day for the perfect item, and provides a unique purchase and delivery experience.

Employee Tech at Wayfair is responsible for providing technology services and support for all Wayfairians globally. Our goal is to enable employee productivity through collaboration and innovation to help our employees provide our customers with a home that they love! Were looking to grow our Warehouse IT team by bringing on a talented individual who wants exposure to our broad desktop computing tech stack and complex technical warehouse infrastructure.

What Youll Do:
Build relationships with our Warehouse Operations team by spending time on the warehouse floor to learn their workflows so we can better assist them with technical issues.
Responsible for troubleshooting a wide variety of technical issues ranging from Windows server, network connectivity, and warehouse equipment issues.
Analyze production or workflow issues by creating and running SQL queries or utilize our proprietary warehouse management system.
Prioritize tickets on ServiceNow to ensure our local and remote end users receive updates and resolutions in a timely manner.
Collaborate across cross functional engineering and business teams to solve high impact incidents with a sense of urgency by providing quality and accurate information.
Proactively identify recurring technical issues and fix their root causes to enhance business productivity.
Display accountability and ownership by employing a strong work ethic to solve complex problems from start to finish.
Perform research independently by asking clarifying questions, gather relevant data, and resolve the manner using a data driven approach
Be a team player and assist other members to achieve overall team goals.
Flexibility to provide support to 24/7 fulfillment center and participating on a rotational or on-call shift, if needed.
What Youll Need:
2+ years of relevant work experience in a support engineering or service-oriented IT role.
Bachelors or Associates Degree in Computer/IT related field or equivalent work experience.
Prior experience providing technical support in a warehouse or experience with warehouse management systems.
Proficiency in writing and troubleshooting SQL queries.
Experience troubleshooting Windows Server 2016 and Active Directory Issues (Group Policy and User profiles)
Experience troubleshooting DNS, DHCP, VoIP, VPN and Cisco/Aruba networking device issues
Experience with deploying software\imaging using SCCM
Experience troubleshooting warehouse device equipment such as RF Barcode Scanners, Zebra label printers, and other peripherals/devices.
Understand production architecture and operating system best practices.
Strong customer service and organizational skills while keeping attention to detail.
Proven ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently and prioritize accordingly.
Excellent communication, interpersonal and team-building skills.
Being a team player who is dedicated to providing the best results possible.
Having a strong work ethic and desire to be a life-long learner.
Nice to Have:
Scripting ability, specifically with Powershell, VBScript and/or PHP
Familiarity with email, FTP and HTTP troubleshooting
About Us

Wayfair is one of the worlds largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, were reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If youre looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then youll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking. No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. Were a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair and world for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. Thats why were proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or genetic information.

Apply Now
