Andiamo is looking for a Field Support Engineer in the Orlando, Florida area. In this role the selected candidate will be responsible for engineering, second-level technical support, technology integration services for all aspects of Field server, O/S, hardware, storage, and network and virtualization infrastructure.

Participates in team initiatives while simultaneously participating in multiple IT/Business project efforts.

Incumbent at this level is a knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures. Works under limited supervision and/or on routine assignments, the problems of which can be resolved with defined guidelines and parameters.

Typical Responsibilities

Uses basic knowledge of technology and desktop operating systems to provide and implement developed solutions for division-specific needs. Plans, coordinates and schedules all aspects of IT for new community startups, moves and closures. Works with senior technical team members to optimize local infrastructure components to meet performance requirements. Participates in department-wide projects & the support turnover process. Interfaces with all levels of the division-based hierarchy & all IT functional groups. Must provide exceptional customer service & translate technical concepts for non-technical audiences. Participates in internal initiatives for the implementation, use, and improvement of processes, procedures, guidelines, and metrics for infrastructure systems.

Manages ordering & disposal of assets including compliance with Legal Holds processes. Responds to escalated alerts & cases from the Technical Support Center (TSC) & Data Center Operations (DCO) teams to resolve simple to moderately complex issues. With guidance, performs site-based troubleshooting & diagnostics gathering as needed. Participates in on-call support.

Provides basic technical training on IT-sponsored applications following a provided curriculum. Implements internal initiatives for the improvement of field-based processes. Serves as the primary integration point among centralized corporate infrastructure processes & field locations.

#GDTech

Andiamo is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Andiamo provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Andiamo complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply by submitting their resume as an MS word document including a cover letter with a summary of relevant qualifications, highlighting clearly any special or relevant experience.
