Title:
Engineer Quality Control Inspector
The Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) is based in Jacksonville, FL. We provide maintenance and logistics support to the U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) and the U.S. Navy. We are seeking an Engineer Quality Control Inspector for our OCONUS (KUWAIT) location. The requirements and qualifications for this position are listed below. Employees may also be required to perform other tasks as assigned. Job Summary and Responsibilities: Inspects maintenance activities such as handling, storing, servicing and repairing of USMC Engineer equipment assigned to the Marine Expeditionary Unit Augmentation Program. * Responsible for conducting quality control inspections on all USMC Engineer equipment.
Responsible for collecting and analyzing data to make decisions that improve maintenance quality, performance, and customer satisfaction.
Analyze and display data to allow decision making based on maintenance history and quality performance data.
Monitors the activities of all personnel engaged in the input, receipt, and dissemination of GCSS-MC, and related reports.
Use and interpret USMC MPR, DASF and readiness reports to identify maintenance status,trends and process deficiencies.
Coordinates with supervisors to ascertain compatibility of procedures among various organizations or branches engaged in maintenance support activities and to ensure a close integration of operations.
Coordinates with management to train employees on the techniques and tools to identify, analyze, and lead efforts to solve problems and to provide improved customer satisfaction.
Conducts classes on maintenance management subjects.
Identify opportunities for process improvements. Establish and lead teams to work process improvement initiatives. Document team progress.
Collect, monitor, display, interpret, and communicate process metrics to senior management team.Achieve quality performance and productivity goals.
Coordinate and conduct Joint Limited Technical Inspections along with Stock List - 3 (SL-3) inventories for the issuing and recovery of designated Engineer systems. This includes post recovery reporting of equipment condition and cost to repair or replace items to a Ready For Issueacceptable material readiness status.
Performs other related duties as assigned. Basic Qualifications: * BS degree in business or other related field.
In lieu of a degree, a combination of college credits, other formalized training or education, and directly related work experience may be considered.
8 (Eight) years of equivalent experience with 4 (four) years at a supervisory level.
Thorough knowledge and understanding of USMC Maintenance and Operator field level requirements for Engineer equipment.
Knowledge and experience as a test inspector or director in direct support of a unit's annual condition inspection and load test program.
US Citizen. Proof required.
Must possess or be able to obtain a U.S. Passport.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a secret security clearance.
Valid state Motor Vehicle Operator License.
Applicants must be able to obtain a finding of 'NO RECORD' on theFBI Police Record Investigation. Additional (Preferred) Qualifications: * Ability to obtain and maintain Military Base Access
Ability to obtain and maintain a Common Access Card
In-depth understanding of Marine Corps policies, regulations and orders.
Held position of equipment maintenance officer/chief in the U.S. military
Working knowledge of Occupational Safety and Health Administration(OSHA) regulations. * Working knowledge of military storage procedures.
Experience with warranty repair or warranty administration. * Analytical ability combined with knowledge and application of quality assurance principles and techniques.
Familiar with Six Sigma or other process improvement methods.
Thorough knowledge and understanding of GCSS-MC and maintenance management functional areas.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to use standard commercial word processing, database, spreadsheet, and statistical software applications.
Competencies: * Oral Communication Skills
Written Communication Skills
Initiative
Adaptability / Motivational Fit
Motivational / Workplace Fit
Teamwork Skills
Technical Skills
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40 KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.
