Job Summary

The Operating Engineer will have a strong focus on operating, maintaining, troubleshooting and repairing facility equipment on all systems. Individuals are expected to demonstrate technical expertise in one craft area (Electrical, HVAC, Piping/Plumbing, Central Utility Plant Operations) and be multi-skilled in others in order to successfully complete daily/weekly work assignments.

Job Responsibilities

Maintenance

Perform maintenance, monitoring repairs to the Mechanical, Plumbing, Structural, Furniture, Fire, Life Safety, and Control systems for the facility to keep facility and building systems up to applicable standards as assigned

Maintains responsibility for facility services, preventative maintenance, purchasing and inventory control, contracted maintenance, general maintenance and technical proficiency. Maintenance of the equipment will include cleaning, inspecting, calibrating and changing parts to maintain the HVAC systems and associated equipment at optimum performance levels

Quality Control

Review monthly client service request summaries to pinpoint and correct recurrent operational problems

Evaluate vendors and suppliers on a regular basis with regard to quality and competitive pricing

Verify the accuracy of deliveries for count, pricing, and description

Record readings and make adjustments where necessary to ensure proper operation of equipment

Comply with departmental policy for the safe storage, usage, and disposal of hazardous materials; maintain a clean and safe workplace

Perform periodic checks of tool and instrument inventory

Monitor the quality and pricing of maintenance work performed by outside contractors

Any and all other duties and tasks assigned.

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

High School diploma or GED equivalent, with two years of trades schooling in electrical system design, refrigeration and HVAC.

Certification as a Universal Technician for CFC's (or within 90 days of employment)

Working knowledge of computer applications including Word and Excel

Skills and knowledge

Ability to analyze the operation of various systems, determine the cause of any problems/malfunctions and take corrective action as required

Physical work

Must be available for Call-in work and perform other duties as required.

JLL Privacy Notice

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL's recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.

For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement.

For additional details please see our career site pages for each country.

For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here.

Jones Lang LaSalle ("JLL") is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process - including the online application and/or overall selection process - you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jl..com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
