Hardware Solutions Architect

We Exist to Transform our Customers and Change Lives

Summary:


RF-SMART, a global software company, is seeking a Hardware Solutions Architect with warehouse, manufacturing, RF data collection, and ERP experience to support its United States region. This person will demonstrate multiple RF-SMART Hardware products to potential Customers. He or she will also perform implementation assistance either directly for a Customer or in assistance of RF-SMART Reseller / Implementation Partners. This person will be part of the RF-SMART Hardware team as a Hardware Solutions Architect.

Love where you work: James Seely, Hardware Technical Services Manager: I wanted to work at RF-SMART because the company values were aligned with my personal values. It is refreshing to see that there are still companies that truly care about customers and employees.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Effectively demonstrate the RF-SMART radio frequency data collection hardware with integration into Dynamics AX, NetSuite, Oracle Cloud, and JDE to companies with manufacturing and/or warehousing operations
Handheld barcoding hardware demonstration
Responsible for supporting the Hardware Sales team
Manage demo device pool for the Hardware team
Configuration and administration of AIDC Hardware and Label Printers
Coordinate with Partners regarding demonstration expectations
Configure RF-SMART Hardware to align with the prospects warehouse and/or manufacturing environment
Provision demonstration equipment as part of the pre-sales process
General technical pre and post-sales support for RF-SMART customers
Configure Telnet software such as Velocity and StayLinked
Support the RF-SMART Hardware Sales team in:
Requirements Gathering and Definition
Business Analysis
Warehouse Environment Identification
Solution Design
Solution Deployment
RF Equipment Recommendations
Required Knowledge, Skills, & Job Specifications:

Significant experience in warehousing and manufacturing
Experience with AIDC Barcoding Hardware (Datalogic, Honeywell, and Zebra)
Experience with WMS and/or RF data collection solutions
Knowledge of Wireless Networks including site surveys and wireless network installation (Cisco, Aruba)
Experience with Mobile Device Management Software
Skilled in working in complex environments with Customers and Partners
Strength in balancing numerous projects
Strong desire to learn
Comfortable working onsite and independently
Excellent communication skills
Minimal interstate travel or international travel (<25>
Employer does not sponsor applicants for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status).

General Information:


The above noted job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities that may be assigned, but rather to give personnel so classified a general sense of the responsibilities and expectations of the job. As the nature of business demands change so, too, may the essential functions of this specific position and/or the skills and abilities required. RF-SMART is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer.
