Job_Description

It s an exciting time to become a part of the IFF (International Flavors &
Fragrances, Inc) team! We are looking for our next Electrical & Instrumentation
Engineer to become an part of our growing and industry-leading team in
Jacksonville, FL.

About_You

The Instrument and Electrical Engineer is experienced and knowledgeable in the
design and maintenance of instrumentation, control Systems, and low voltage
electrical systems. The role is part of the Reliability Group supporting
continuous improvement in asset availability and plant performance at the
manufacturing site. Working in a team environment, it carries responsibility
for implementing reliability best practices, developing and optimizing
preventive maintenance tasks, and supporting maintenance activities. The
position interacts with other technical groups on site (process engineering,
capital project, and maintenance groups), corporate technical networks and
peers, and vendors/suppliers as needed to resolve problems and improve plant
safety and reliability performance.

As a Electrical & Instrumentation Engineer, you will spend your time. . .
Monitoring equipment performance and make improvement recommendations.
Applying data analysis techniques to develop engineering solutions to
repetitive failures and other problems that adversely affect plant
operations including safety, environmental, capacity, quality, cost, and
regulatory compliance issues.
Consult with peers at the site and across the company.
Provide technical support/expertise within your discipline in the design
and installation stages of projects for new assets and modification of
existing assets to minimize life cycle cost and maximize asset
availability.
Participate in the development of criteria for and the evaluation of
equipment and technical service providers.
Lead and participate in incident investigations and root cause analysis.
Manage risk to the achievement of an organization s strategic
objectives in the areas of environmental health and safety, asset
capability, quality, and production.
Systematically define, design, develop, monitor, and refine an asset
maintenance plan that include: Value-added preventive maintenance tasks;
Effective utilization of predictive condition monitoring and other non-
destructive testing methodologies to proactively identify potential
reliability issues.
Apply value analysis to repair/replace/redesign decisions.
Provide technical support to production, maintenance, project, and
process engineering groups.
Job_Requirements
Required Skills
Ability to drive continuous safety and reliability improvements in
equipment installations and work processes.
Ability to manage multiple/changing priorities.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely both orally and in writing
with internal and external clients.
Strong commitment to safety, a high level of personal integrity, and
dedication to conducting business in an ethical way.
Required_Experience
A Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or other applicable
discipline from an accredited university
3 years minimum relevant experience in instrumentation and electrical
systems design, installation, and maintenance in the refining,
petrochemical, chemical process, or power generation industrieKnowledge
of industry codes and standards (i.e. IEEE, ISA, NFPA, NEC)
Instrumentation and measurement technology
Low voltage power distribution and controls
PLC maintenance and programming
Analyzers and sample systems
Failure analysis
Reliability data analysis
RCM based Predictive and Preventive Maintenance strategies
Ability to apply computer software tools (SAP, Microsoft Office)
Show moreShow less
