JOB DESCRIPTION

Building Engineer

QUALIFICATIONS - To perform this job successfully, an individual must have the education and knowledge to be able to perform each essential duty, listed above, in accordance with standards set up by Jones Lang LaSalle for this position. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required for the position of Lead Operating Engineer. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE - Building Engineer should have a High school diploma or equivalent. He/she will have a minimum of five (5) years' experience with commercial building operating systems and general building maintenance procedures, and a minimum of two (2) years of maintenance management experience. This position recommends the Universal Technician Certification, (CFC) and Operating Engineer's license (SMA) or equivalent.

COMMUNICATION SKILLS - The building engineer will have the ability to read and comprehend instructions, short correspondence, and memos, with the ability to communicate instructions clearly, ability to explain issues in a clear format dealing with operational and mechanical systems. Must have the ability to effectively communicate and present information in one-on-one and/or small group situations with customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS - Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals with a basic understanding of geometry and its practical uses. This position will require the knowledge to prepare and explain energy savings models presented to the engineering and management team, showing cost savings and all associated costs with value added programs. Training will be provided to ensure all positions up to date on owners cost objectives and operating expense.

REASONING ABILITY - Ability to apply common sense understanding and to carry out instructions in written, oral, or diagram form. The candidate shall have the ability to deal with problems involving several variables in standardized situations, while being able to rationalize problems and critical issues with minimal senior engineering and/or management input.

OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES - Excellent skills in operating hand and power tools, power lifts, scaffolding, ladders, and must be able to read digital meters and voltage testers. Must have the ability to troubleshoot all building systems to include electric and pneumatic controls and thoroughly understand how to interpret blueprints and schematics. Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Office/Suite, and any other software program or piece of technology identified as standard for Jones Lang LaSalle or requested by the Client. Experience with a CMMS system, such as 360, a plus.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS - The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Walking and standing for long periods of time are regularly required when performing the duties. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb; balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl in a confined space. Must have the ability to work at heights up, and sometimes exceeding, 100 feet. The employee must regularly lift up to 25 pounds and frequently move up to 100 pounds, while adhering to Jones Lang LaSalle safety instructions prescribed in the safety handbook and all other safety courses provided. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus; therefore the applicants must have 20/20 vision or wear glasses/contacts that bring their vision to 20/20.

WORK ENVIRONMENT - The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near moving mechanical parts. The employee frequently works in high and precarious places and may be frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works in outside weather conditions and is occasionally could be exposed to toxic and/or caustic chemicals. When working in the above listed conditions the employee will be furnished with the correct safety equipment (PPE) and training for the conditions. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions

JLL Privacy Notice

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL's recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.

For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement.

For additional details please see our career site pages for each country.

For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here.

Jones Lang LaSalle ("JLL") is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process - including the online application and/or overall selection process - you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jll.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
