Vickers and Nolan Enterprises (VNE) is an engineering company that provides Government projects and programs with experienced and dedicated system architects, engineers, subject matter experts (in tactical intelligence), and program managers. VNE also develops training courses and tools to prepare warfighters to effectively employ tactical intelligence systems and provide management guidance to the Government organizations that develop these systems. VNE has earned a reputation for exceptional performance, innovation, agility, and responsiveness in the Intelligence Community (IC). We attack our mission with a comprehensive understanding of the data available and required; skilled research, design, development, integration, and testing of systems and software solutions; expertise in cybersecurity/information assurance and technology; programmatic, acquisition, and logistics support know-how; and our own unique training curricula that enables students to excel at intelligence operations across all levels of the community. VNE is devoted to improving tactical operations at home and abroad by enabling the seamless transition of data across the intelligence community and developing/integrating solutions to unify operations and intelligence. VNE is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) founded in 2004 in Stafford, VA. VNE, LLC is looking for a Secret Cleared Software Engineers - Journeyman Level Minimum Qualifications: * Education: BS or BA degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering or Computer Engineering from a college program with ABET (Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology, Inc.) certification. (Degree REQUIRED, a degree and years of experience cannot be substituted for a Bachelor's degree). * Experience: At least five (5) years of software engineering experience, performing software requirements analysis, software design, software coding, software integration and software testing. At least three (3) years of the total experience shall have consisted of performing software engineering functions for a Department of Defense (DoD) Aircraft or Weapons System. Job Description: The Software Engineer is expected to: * Analyze computer science, engineering, and other software engineering problems to develop and implement solutions to complex applications problems, system design and development issues, or network concerns. * Perform software management and integration functions, improve existing computer systems, and review computer system capabilities, throughput, real-time processing limitations, Cybersecurity and software safety. * Analyze commercially available, open source, government furnished and contractor furnished software. * Senior level person may oversee the efforts of less senior staff and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job. Essential Duties of the Job: * Ability to communicate task requirement information to client in a clear and concise manner. * Must be able to sit and stand for prolonged periods of time, as well as lead and participate in meetings and working groups. * Requires visual acuity to use a keyboard. * Must be able to attend work each day, during scheduled hours, unless on travel or approved time off. * Ability to work on computer for long periods, and communicate with individuals by telephone, email and face-to-face Physical Demands and Work Environment: * While performing duties of job, employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. * Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. * Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. * May be exposed to chemicals related to office equipment. * The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate (i.e. general office environment). Benefits: * 401 (K) w/ up to 3.5% Company Match * Health, Dental & Vision Insurance * Basic & Supplemental Life Insurance * Short & Long Term Disability Insurance * Flexible Spending Account * 10 Paid Holidays * Paid Time Off (PTO) * Gym Membership (varies by location) * Corporate-Sponsored Events
