Overview

Gryphon Technologies, Inc. (Gryphon) is a premier engineering and technical services provider supporting National Security programs. Gryphon is the federal Government's partner working in support of mission critical systems in every phase of their lifecycle. We are proud of our ability to help shape tomorrow, while ensuring today's U.S. and coalition forces can carry out their critical missions and tasks.

Gryphon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

Responsibilities

GENERAL DUTIES:
Analyze and design custom electronics and mechanical equipment comprising circuit cards, interconnection cables, test sets, mechanical enclosures and holding fixtures.
Develop Assembly drawings, custom mechanical parts/fixture drawings, metalwork drawings, cable assembly drawings, System Wiring Diagrams (SWD's), etc.
Establish and monitor milestones for projects.
Lead project performance coordinating with other departments to ensure project success.
Develop Test Program Set interface hardware for avionics Units Under Test (UUTs).
Plan, coordinate, and/or conduct and solve specific, difficult engineering issues requiring substantial analysis and evaluation of causes, effects, and alternatives.
Generate electronics end item test procedures and test fixture designs, as well as generating manufacturing assembly work instructions and routers.
Research and analyze technical data requirements.
Assist in performing internal quality audits.
Review technical data packages for product changes, and to estimate manufacturing/testing time.
Qualifications

Bachelors Degree Required

A minimum of seven (7) years related experience is required.

One must have good written communication, interpersonal, problem-solving, analytical, mathematical, and o
