Project Farma (PF) is a rapidly growing professional service company headquartered in Chicago, IL. We consult in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and gene and cell therapy industries providing cGMP and industry best practices to our clients. We are an industry leader in providing project management, validation, engineering, quality/compliance and consulting services to support finding ground-breaking treatments and solutions. Our clients include early stage startups, established life science companies and CMOs / CROs. Our family-oriented culture strives to develop and leverage your interpersonal skills and technical experience for long term success.
As a consulting company, this position requires a willingness to travel 100% for the first two years. After that time, the Team Member will be assigned to a specific site. Team Members may also be asked to relocate.
The Sr. Project Engineer works within a team leveraging their experience in the pharmaceutical industry to:
Manage projects and teams related to the commissioning, qualification, automation, and validation testing on manufacturing utilities and process equipment.
Prepare and execute test plans, protocols, initiate controlled documentation, and provide client support for various projects either independently or as part of a larger team.
Generate documents such as master plans, design qualification, equipment, facility and utilities commissioning and qualification protocols, cleaning validation, computer validation, sterilization validation, data reviews, SOP development, and development of final reports.
Independently initiates, supports, provides direction, execution, and follow up of commissioning, qualification, automation, and validation projects
Provide daily work projections and progress reports
Facilitate and/or provide the mentoring process for entry-level Project Farma Team Member
Effectively communicate with clients and Team Members
Provide floor support with manufacturing execution
Escalation of exceptional conditions
Provide post execution protocol management
Author and manage summary reports
The successful Sr. Project Engineer must have/be:
Bachelor’s degree in Life Science, Engineering, or related discipline and/or comparable military experience
A minimum of three (3) years’ experience in pharma and/or biotech
Great soft skills, excellent verbal and written communication
Experience leading high-performance project teams by serving as the project advocate within the client project.
A proactive approach with clients to identify needs and work toward solutions that meet project scope, schedule, cost, risk, and quality expectations and requirements.
Proven project and people leader with exceptional skills in planning, organizing, and history of driving and delivering successful results.
Expert understanding and work habits compliant with cGMPs and pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical unit operations.
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, with hands-on experience working in a corporate setting, and as a productive and supportive member of a project team.
Demonstrate strong personal attributes that include: dedicated work ethic, teamwork, professionalism and the ability to see the “big picture”
In return for your skills, knowledge, and passion, Project Farma offers a wide range of benefits including:
Competitive salary based on experience
Aggressive bonus structure to reward your commitment
Paid Time Off
Flex-time
Company laptop
Continuing education (internal and external)
Health Insurance
401k plan with company match and discretionary annual profit sharing
Job Type: Full-time
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Experience:
Biomedical Engineering: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
100% (Required)
Application Question:
Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status)?
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Company's website:
projectfarma.com
Company's Facebook page:
facebook.com/projectfarma
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
