Alluvion staffing is looking for an Enterprise Application Integration Engineer for one if its leading IT software clients in downtown Jacksonville, FL.

Company Description: Premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Offers leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle.

JOB FAMILY DESCRIPTION
Responsible for developing and deploying integrated solutions aimed at modernizing, consolidating and coordinating the independently designed applications within one or more business segments.
GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Determines how existing applications, legacy systems, databases, Web interfaces and/or hardware logic, which may be currently operating on multiple platforms, work together to meet the new and emerging requirements of the business segment(s) and/or enterprise.
Recommends methods to efficiently reuse existing components.
Works with users to gather business requirements, performs database analysis, codes and tests middleware routines to ensure successful and seamless communication among the various IT systems and application components.
Participates in component and data architecture design, software product evaluation and buy vs. build recommendations.
EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES
* Experience working with cloud platforms is important – AWS experience is preferred
Knowledge of the business environment and the application development environment
Knowledge of Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) methodologies and processes such as object-oriented programming, enterprise-wide content and data distribution using common databases and data standards implemented with the Extensible Markup Language (XML), middleware applications and message queuing approaches
Experience working with development technologies
Experience building and supporting applications
Experience designing and working with scalable enterprise databases
Knowledge of the design and implementation of enterprise workflow systems and distributed architectures
Excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills
Ability to develop partnership-oriented relationships with business executives and functional leaders, especially as it relates to operations and technology
Must be able to multitask in a fast-paced environment with focus on timeliness, documentation, and communications with peers and business users alike
Experience with project management
Ability to communicate well both verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels within or outside the organization (executives, regulators, clients, etc.)
Results oriented, business focused, and successful at interfacing across multiple organizational units
EAI Engineer II
Intermediate professional level role.
Develops solutions requiring analysis and research.
Works on IT projects, products and activities that may span a broad range of systems and complex components that are used across one or more business segments.
Requires solid knowledge across multiple technical environments and possesses increased level business knowledge.
Works on one or more projects as a project team member or infrequently as a project lead.
May coach and/or mentor more junior technical staff.
Typically requires four (4) years of programming/systems analysis experience with emphasis in applications and systems architectural design and development, database and middleware technologies.
