Description Job Responsibilities Design, manage, install, provision, configure, optimize, performance tune, integrate, and administer network solution technologies in a production and a lab environment. Implement, support QOS and COS technology within the network. Assist in data center installs, provision network access ports and physical cable infrastructure for data center systems. Ensure LANWAN environment are secure and appropriate recovery and redundancy issues are addressed. Work closely with the Security and Compliance teams in applying standards necessary to keep the network safe from interruption. Provide advanced level support, installation and maintenance in VoIP technology (Call control, voicemail, contact center). Document and explain network topologies, understand and diagram existing network diagram, explain and plan for future growth. Ensure that the technologies are updated with current, stable, and compliant architecture and applications that meet enterprise standards. Conduct technical research, perform vendor comparisons, and analyze cost requirements for their recommendations. Troubleshoot network OS, monitoring software andor hardware issuesfailures. Resolve alerts and perform remediation activities. Determine migration and upgrade impacts and diagnoseresolve complex technology errors. Proactively monitor and identify broader, more complex issues across multiple, integrated, connecting technologies and communicate as appropriate. Provide cost estimates, create documentation and produce schedules for Network infrastructure installations. Develop processes and procedure related to network administration. Participate in Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity planning and exercises. Perform afterhours activities as needed for the environment and technologies. Required Knowledge And Skills Bachelor's degree and 10+ years of experience providing support and administration in an environment of mixed network equipment. (Juniper, Palo Alto, Cisco, Adtran,) 10+ years of experience with network technology (WAN and LAN), deep expert knowledge of protocols, and possess current Cisco certifications (CCNP or CCIE). 10+ years of experience working with LAN technology and must have experience with Cisco Nexus switches and JUNOS. Expert with configuration, installation, troubleshooting, and supporting of networking equipment. 7+ years of experience implementingmanaging VMware vDS and standard switches. Expert understanding of firewall configuration and maintenance, experience with Palo Alto equipment preferred. Ability to engineer, build and test networks for optimum throughput and reliability. Advanced understanding of TCPIP networking. Network concepts and advanced working skills with various network technologies Advanced understanding of OS and Network security best practices and strategies. Strong understanding of the OSI model. Strong knowledge packet capture analysis and reporting. Preferred Knowledge And Skills Demonstrated project management experience. Working knowledge of ITIL v3 framework (certification preferred). Experience with load balancing technologies and security appliances such as F5, Palo Alto, Cisco ASA and VPN. Ability to self-manage and prioritize multiple projects with aggressive due dates. Advanced knowledge utilizing Solarwinds, PRTG and vmware. Requirements LAN - Local Area Network, WAN - Wide Area Network, VoIP, VOIP - Voice Over IP, Cisco Nexus, Juniper, Palo Alto Firewall, Palo Alto Networks, ASA Firewall, Cisco ASA, Cisco ASA Firewall, ASA Firewall Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
