Description

Job Description:


Leidos is looking to hire a Cyber Security Specialist in Blount Island Command, FL to join our newly awarded NGEN program.

Leidos is pleased to announce that it has been awarded the Next Generation Enterprise Network-Recompete (NGEN-R) Contract. This is an eight-year, $7.7 billion contract that is responsible for maintaining and modernizing the main global network of the Navy and Marine Corps.

NGEN-R is the largest IT services program for the Navy. Under the Service Management, Integration, and Transport portion of NGEN-R, the Leidos team will deliver the core backbone of the Navy-Marine Corps Intranet, including cybersecurity services, network operations, service desk, and data transport. Ultimately, Leidos will support the Navy in unifying its shore-based networks and data management to improve capability and service while also saving significant dollars by focusing efforts under one enterprise network.

Job Description
The selected candidate will operate all aspects of Information Systems (IS) data availability, integrity, authentication, confidentiality, and non-repudiation. Other duties and responsibilities include:
Implement and monitor security measures for communication systems, networks, and provide advice that systems and personnel adhere to established security standards and Governmental requirements for security on these systems.
Develop and execute Government approved security policies, plans, and procedures; implement data network security measures; operate and monitor network intrusion detection and forensic systems; conduct IS security incident handling; support Continuity of Operations Plan/Disaster Recovery (COOP/DR) plans, and perform certification of IS and networks.
Perform other information security duties including operation of Electronic Key Management System (EKMS) and maintenance of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI).
Operate Host Based Security System (HBSS), firewalls, Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS), Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), other point of presence security tools, Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), and related security operations.
Perform defensive cyber operation duties including, but not limited to, ensuring workstation and server compliancy with Marine Corps McAfee Host Based Security System (HBSS) requirements; identifying cybersecurity incidents using HBSS, Tenable SecurityCenter, RedSeal, McAfee Security Information and Event Manager (SIEM), and other automated tools; operating Imperva Web Application and Database firewalls; performing forensics and remedial action on cybersecurity incidents; and reporting defensive cyber operations statistics.
Basic Qualifications:
High school Diploma or General Equivalency Diploma (GED) and a minimum of 4 years of relevant experience
Information Assurance Technician (IAT) Level II
Active DoD Secret Clearance
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with the following technologies:
HBSS
Tenable Security Center
Redseal
McAfee Security Information and Event Manager (SIEM)
PKI
IPS
NGEN-MCEN

External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Operations

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
