Mechanical Engineer - HVAC DesignJacksonville, FL Tech USA is currently seeking a Mechanical Engineer for a full time position. We are looking for a seasoned, team oriented, quality minded, and motivated Sr. Mechanical Engineer. Job Description Essential Duties and Responsibilities -Presents design ideas based on factors such as appealing appearance, design-function relationships, serviceability, and client specifications. -Prepares working drawings from sketches and design specifications. -Interfaces with client -Prepares engineering analysis of projects, to include: preliminary design, budget analysis, calculations, life cycle costs, and equipment selection. -Conducts surveys to gather field data. -Prepares drawings, layouts, and other visual aids -Prepares technical construction specifications -Reviews the development of designs for compliance with applicable codes, adopted engineering standards, and good engineering practices. -Performs field inspections as part of the construction quality assurance process. Secondary Duties and Responsibilities -Identify, communicate, and improve design processes with other Designers. -May present design to client or design committee and discuss need for modification or change. -May be required to perform other duties as assigned. Required Skills Critical Skills and Abilities -Design: Generates creative solutions; translates concepts and information into images; uses feedback to modify designs; applies design principles; demonstrates attention to detail. -Effective communication skills: Able to clearly present information through the spoken or written word; reads and interprets complex information; listens well. -Demonstrates leadership skills: Able to assume a role of authority, as necessary; sets an example for coworkers; delegates responsibility and empowers associates to make decisions and take personal accountability for decisions. -High accuracy and attention to detail:Able to perform work and job function with precision and accuracy; realizes errors can have significant impact on desired results and is able to avoid errors in almost all circumstances; carefully monitors processes; concentrates on details and organizes and maintains a system of records. -Work requires advanced math skills, special relationship abilities, and the ability to understand “abstract” principles behind math and physics. -Computer skills required: -Microsoft Windows environment including Microsoft Offie -AutoCAD; Revit; 3-D CAD experience REQUIRED Required Experience Education and Experience Requirements -Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering -5-10 years experience; Experience in healthcare, higher education, and laboratory design preferred About Tech USA: Tech USA, Engineering & Construction Solutions is a comprehensive provider of workforce and project support solutions throughout the Engineering, Construction, and Environmental Industries, including Construction Management, Environmental Services, Remediation, Geotechnical Services, Safety, MEP Design & Construction and Biofuels. We are actively seeking candidates for contract, contract-to-hire, project support and permanent placement jobs throughout the nation. View our website to see a list of our current open positions; however, not all of our positions are listed so don’t forget to submit your resume and request a consultation with one of our Engineering & Construction recruiting specialists to explore your opportunities further. At Tech USA we understand that next to your family, your career is one of the most important aspects to a happy and fulfilling life. This is why we take the time to truly understand and get to know our candidates, so we can then pair them with the right job, not just any job. As a result, Tech USA is known throughout the industry for quality, reliability and the highest satisfaction from both our clients as well as the candidates that we represent. Contact a local Tech USA representative today and learn about the many opportunities we may have available for you. Tech USA is an equal opportunity employer.
