Job Description
VT Group is seeking an Electronic Security Systems Engineer Technician, preferably based in Jacksonville with CONUS/OCONUS travel to various sites. The experienced technical professional lead to support the design, installation, and testing of Electronic Security Systems (ESS) including Physical Access Control Systems, Intrusion Detection Systems, and CCTV systems.

Responsibilities:
Personal services including design, procurement, installation, and testing of ESS to applicable Department of Defense Physical Security and Information Technology policy and requirements.
Have ability to understand and interpret detailed drawings.
Travel to site and perform a design site survey to include but not limited to, verifying current site conditions, validate customer provided site documents and drawings, and interface with system stake holders to gather functional requirements, to include all ESS requirements.
Use the survey information to develop an Installation Design Package (IDP). Oversea the in-process review of the drawings provide recommendations.
Install and integrate CCTV, IDS, and ACS equipment including but not limited to cameras, card readers, keypads, magnetic locks, passive infrared detectors, door locksets and balance magnetic switches.
Install any required enclosures and/or conduit pathways to support CCTV, IDS, and ACS equipment.
Conduct testing to ensure that all installed equipment and systems comply with the customer’s and manufacture’s performance specifications outlined in the applicable technical manuals, test specifications and requirement documents.
Discusses standard layout and assembly procedures and problems with senior level technicians.
May draw sketches to clarify design details and functional criteria of electronic units.
Review the system logs and error logs for any problem indications
Physical inspection of all access control, video surveillance and intrusion detection devices to insure full functionality and proper alignment
Test each access control, video surveillance and intrusion detection device installed to verify correct operations are recorded on the system log
Test each backup battery installed in each ACS/IDS sub-system enclosure
Recommend changes in circuitry or installation specifications to simplify assembly and maintenance to supervisor.
Sets up standard test apparatus and circuitry to conduct functional, operational, environmental, and life tests to evaluate performance and reliability of prototype or production model.
Analyzes and interprets test data.
Adjusts, calibrates, aligns, and modifies circuitry and components and records effects on unit performance.
Utilizes technical reports and charts, graphs, and schematics for system's operating characteristics, malfunctions, deviations from design specifications, and functional limitations.
Checks functioning of newly installed equipment to evaluate system performance under actual operating conditions with supervisor.
Qualifications:
High school diploma with 5 years of electronics security installation experience (Preferred)
(3) years of installation experience with access control, closet circuit TV surveillance, intrusion detection and physical security that includes gates, turnstiles and lift gates.
(3) years’ experience, programming and configuring Lenel OnGuard and Access Control solutions, to include ID management and Personnel ID Verification (PIV). Experience with programming and configuring Video Management System (VMS) to include setting up VMS servers, cameras and storage devices.
Experience utilizing Lenel, Axis, Milestone, Bosch, Pelco, Interlogix and FLIR.
Current certifications of any of the above a plus.
Must have a Milestone installation and integration certificate. Milestone design certification is a plus.
CCTV and Network Video Management solutions experience
Database administration experience
Network administration or engineering experience and industry certifications
DoD electronic or network technical education
Active security clearance: Minimum of DoD Secret
Valid passport for international travel (up to 80%)
A valid driver’s license

Company Description
VT Group works with our government and commercial customers to provide full life-cycle C4ISR modernization and sustainment solutions for our Nation's most critical platforms and systems. As a leader in C4ISR solutions, we serve the WarFighter in maritime, aviation, mission critical information technology, and manufacturing and fabrication. VT Group provides logistics support on multiple weapon systems platforms and is a recognized leader in the intelligence and special operations communities. Our broad engineering and logistics capabilities provide innovative and reliable engineering, analysis, and problem solving to our customers.
