Job Description
We are currently hiring for an experienced Project Engineer for a civil firm in the Greater Jacksonville Florida area. The ideal candidate must have a degree in Civil Engineering or Construction Management and be knowledgeable in road and bridge construction while having the ability to communicate effectively with inspection staff and contractors. The qualified individual must be able to read and interpret design plans and make decisions based on the information contained therein. The qualified individual must also be knowledgeable in generating construction pay applications, reviewing daily inspection reports, and maintaining necessary paperwork as required by the Department of Transportation and the Federal Highway Administration. The qualified individual will be responsible for the county bridge maintenance and rehabilitation program.

GENERAL SUMMARY:

Under the limited supervision of the Director of Engineering and the County Highway Engineer, performs professional engineering tasks associated with the construction and project management functions of the Road Commission.

TYPICAL DUTIES:
Performs construction management for various road and bridge projects concurrently.
Coordinates inspection and testing of construction materials with Road Commission.
Assigns, supervises, and trains lower classified employees in the various skills supportive of the engineering functions of the Road Commission.
Provides assistance to staff personnel in the survey, inspection and testing necessary for quality assurance and quantity control in compliance with drawings and specifications.
Computes earth work, reviews pavement mix formulas and performs other related material review services.
Prepares and maintains periodic pay estimates and required documentation for work performed per Department of Transportation methods and Federal Highway Administration
requirements.
Participates in on-site inspection of the project terrain periodically during construction to monitor grading to determine if any design adjustments are required.
Assists in supervising the filing and maintenance of records which include files for each project from preliminary stages through “ as constructed” data.
Attends engineering meetings and seminars, and reads literature in the engineering field to keep current in the latest developments and techniques in design, construction, and management.
May be required to perform a variety of tasks related to or associated with the engineering function of the Road Commission.
Assist in the biannual inspection of primary and local bridges as required by the Department of Transportation and the Federal Highway Administration.
Prepares and/or supervises culvert and drainage designs.
Oversees and supervises asset management and program development using PASER ratings, Roadsoft, and ArcMap.
The typical duties stated herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities of personnel so classified.

JOB SPECIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’ s Degree in Civil Engineering with six years’ experience.
Registered PE in Florida or ability to have reciprocity.
Must be proficient with Field Manager Software.
Must be familiar with Micro Station and/or AutoCAD for plan and permit preparation.
Must have ability to communicate with management, department heads, staff personnel, and the general public.
Good working knowledge of various personal computer business software applications. Ability to learn new systems or software packages as necessary.
Please apply for immediate consideration. Thank you!
