Job Description
Senior Software Engineer

Location: Jacksonville, Florida

Information Technology

Job Description

NLP Logix is recruiting for a Senior Software Engineer to join its growing team of IT and Business professionals. This position is for a full-time employee, will be based out of Jacksonville, FL and will require less than 25% travel.

NLP Logix is a Data Science product and services company based in Jacksonville, FL that specializes in AI Solution Development, Machine Learning, and Advanced Analytics for a variety of use cases, industries, and customers across the United States.

NLP Logix strives to deliver an exceptional customer experience through cutting edge technology offerings, creative custom problem solving, and rapid delivery of our modeling assets to meet our customers needs. The Senior Software Engineer will serve a critical role in the business operations and in delivering high-quality solutions to our customers. The Senior Software Engineer will work closely with other members of the NLP Logix team to implement modeling solutions with our customers, interpret model results, and develop internal software solutions to help NLP Logix become more productive in its overall growth strategy.

Essential functions and responsibilities:
Work with other members of the NLP Logix team to clearly understand business needs and translate those needs into AI solutions
Work with customer data sources, as well as externally available data sources as needed, to properly shape data for the necessary modeling.
Develop end-to-end solutions with the help of other team members and implement those solutions as customer deliverables.
Work directly with customers to effectively communicate the solution progress and timelines and guarantee solution efficacy.
Be able to monitor solution performance long-term and develop enhancements as needed.
Work with NLP Logix Machine Learning Development Team to help guide the model development process through a deep understanding of the available data, relationships between various features in the available data, and expertise in various modeling techniques.
Provide leadership to the rest of the NLP Logix organization to help foster an overall spirit of learning, collaboration and quality customer service.
Qualifications
A minimum of a Bachelor's degree is required, preferably in Computer Science, or other relevant field.
A minimum of 6 years experience in software development.
Experience architecting solutions preferred
Experience with developing machine learning models preferred.
Experience with a wide variety of Data Management Systems preferred.
Desired Skills
Strong Experience with Python, C# and/or Java
Strong Experience with version control
Strong Database Engineering skills, including high proficiency with SQL
Strong Analytical Skills and Intellectual Curiosity
Strong Customer Service Skills
Strong Attention to Detail
Strong Written and Verbal Skills
Ability to work well within a multi-disciplinary team
Our Values

NLP Logix believes data science is a team sport and encourages a spirit of cooperation and fosters an environment of professional growth where employees can exercise their leadership ability, creativity, technical competence, with an overall focus in helping NLP Logix fulfill its mission.

NLP Logix is an equal opportunity employer committed to establishing a diverse workforce.
