Description bull Design and develop complex automation scenarios using Selenium bull Design and develop or understand the architecture of existing automation framework bull Test data preparation and data handling using Databases bull Automated test suite execution, triaging failures and reporting bull Maintenance of automation assets like scripts, test data, java libraries, grid machines etc. bull Automate webservices using Java or Ready API to support API automation testing bull Continuous Integration of selenium automation using Jenkins bull Utilize programming and technical skills in Java to develop automation scripts bull Use of version control management tool to maintain automation repositoryassets bull Lead efforts like automation scoping, estimation, scheduling and prioritization bull Work closely with various Dev team members to understand testing objectives and ensure that problems are resolved in a timely and efficient manner bull Perform manual testing as necessary to augment automation bull Participate in QA process improvement initiatives and cross-company activities bull Create and implement a set of standardized automation practices within the enterprise bull Cross train and mentor team members and peers as needed Requirements bull College degree in information systems or a related field or the equivalent in related work experience bull 6+ years of software automation testing work experience using Selenium bull Experience in Guidewire suite or PC Insurance is preferred bull Requires strong automation testing experience using Selenium bull Requires experience in developing automation framework bull Experience in Java development preferred bull Experience and ability to lead Automation Team bull Experience in Webservices automation using Ready API is a plus bull Experience in Cucumber is a plus bull Ability to work in a dynamic environment and come up with solutions to meet project needs bull Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills If you are interested in this position, send your resume to neil.savagerht.com This is NOT a C2C eligible position. Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
