Description:In this role you will be part of an advanced manufacturing artificial intelligence (AI) and advanced data analytics team consisting of colleagues possessing varying skill sets including data scientists, data engineers, front-end and back-end developers and other business analysts.

The Research Scientist applies advanced algorithms and optimization techniques to the design and improvement of Lockheeds Manufacturing operations. This role explores new frontiers in the application of modeling, simulation, and optimization methods with significant results with a focus on problems including network design and facility location, inventory planning, order assignment, equipment and process design, and process control within and across facilities.

Additional responsibilities of the research scientist include quantifying the benefits of investigating production capacity and risk across all production facilities to ensure optimal capacity leveraging both supplier and internal process capability to ensure customer deliveries.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors, Masters or PhD degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent experience
10+ years experience with Operations Research, Quantitative Modeling and Predictive or Forecasting Methodologies
Experienced with the application of statistics and data-mining in a business environment
(trend discovery and analysis, correlation and pattern discovery, text mining, etc.)
Experience in solving practical science and engineering problems, especially in the context of production
Experience in operations analysis, data analytics, computer science or related field.
Familiar with SQL, and able to create/perform basic queries
Strong interpersonal communications skills (verbal, presentation, and written)
Strong problem-solving skills, inquisitive mindset
Focused on results and able to work closely with others in collaborative environment
Energetic & Self-Starting
Desired Skills:
Experience using R, Python, MATLAB, or other data analytics toolsets
Demonstrated technical skills for helping organizations make data-informed decisions
Proficient with JMP or other data discovery / statistical analysis tools
Proficient with Microsoft or SAP HANA SQL
Technical leadership of small- to medium-size teams
Lean Six Sigma (Green Belt or Black Belt Certification)
Operations Background
Facilitation
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
