The Company:

Whitley Penn is a Texas-based full-service public accounting firm. With offices in Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, Plano, and Texas City, 65 partners, more than 550 employees, and a worldwide network affiliation via Nexia International, the firm is strategically positioned for continued growth both locally and internationally.

Our steady growth over the past 37 years reflects our knack for hiring individuals with talent and integrity, and our ability to stay one step ahead of the issues our clients face in an ever-changing business landscape.


More Than a Job:We’re actively seeking aSenior Security Engineerin our Fort Worth or Dallas office.
We have a commitment to a happy, healthy and productive workplace. We act on this commitment via our FitWhit program, an extensive wellness program uniquely designed to meet the health and wellness needs of busy professionals.
We offer a competitive benefits package and 401k with discretionary profit sharing.
We place an emphasis on our open door policy. Whether someone is brand new or has been with the Firm from the beginning, we are all part of the same family and each person matters.
Our Ideal Candidate Likely Has:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or related field preferred; or 15+ years in information technology and cyber security positions and responsibility.
10+ years of experience in information security analyst, engineer or manager position.
5+ years in information technology related work in financial services, retail or accounting environment.
CISM or CISSP certification is required.
Very good working knowledge of network, data and security technologies.
Experience with following is a plus: Fortinet, Fortigate, Fortimail or Digital Guardian.
Attention to detail, time management and excellent communication skills.
Great professional and interpersonal skills and a team player with high performance standards.
Initiative to manage job related continuing education, keep abreast of current trends in information security and desire to learn and change.
Maintain a positive working relationship with all departments.
Other specialized information security licenses or certifications are a plus.
As a Senior Security Engineer, You Will:
Design, plan, build and execute security framework to consistently perform to regulatory requirements and company policies as directed.
Design, plan, build, improve and help execute necessary security operations.
Configure, manage and operate company wide Data Layer Protection (DLP) platform to improve data security and data privacy compliance.
Build and maintain accurate monitoring, reporting and investigations into events and incidents identified in ESA, WSA and IPS.
Plan and execute regularly scheduled scans, tests and assessments and organize and execute agreed upon remediation plans as directed.
Regularly evaluate, document and improve current security and asset protection procedures relative to passwords, file protection, system audit procedures, user accounts, software installations, laptops, etc.
Oversee, direct, execute and document periodic and annual security checks and reviews.
Research, recommend, organize and document multi-year security and privacy improvement roadmap.
Participate in all planning activities related to information and data security.
Prepare and develop information systems and security policies and documentation as directed.
Other relevant job duties as assigned or required by Chief Information Officer to support environment changes.
Why Should You Apply?
Competitive salary and great benefits.
Exciting career path with opportunities for advancement.
Culture focused on an open and collaborative atmosphere.
Leadership dedicated to playing a key role in your success.
