Sr. Data Engineer
FT. Worth TX

MUST
Active Secret or TS required
Experienced Sr. Data Engineer
4+ years of data engineering, schema design, dimensional data modeling, and / or data management experience required
Proficient with data management tools, such as Python, SQL, Java, and use of Git required
Demonstrated experience with extracting, cleaning, managing, optimizing, and exploiting large and very complex data sets required
Experience with best practices for compute, storage, and transfer optimization in processing large volumes of data required
Experience with graph databases and event sourcing models required
Familiarity with machine learning, artificial intelligence, and / or geospatial data analysis required
Strong interpersonal skills combined with ability to multi-task and maintain flexibility and creativity in a variety of situations required

DUTIES:
Will be performing as part of, or in support of a SCRUM team, you will be expected to thrive in organized chaos and immediately adopt agile team self-organizing methods and techniques.
Has a passion for data, and creatively leverages expertise with data tools and programming languages to assess, transform, organize, optimize, and exploit systems and platform data. Responsible for generating representative data sets for demonstrations, technology evaluation, systems development, and data science initiatives.
Will be expected to help automate processes, and articulate methods to gain data management efficiencies, as well implementing and adopting of Data Engineering Best Practices to include mentoring projects and team members toward success.

*Quadrant, Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.Quadrant is committed to administering all employment and personnel actions on the basis of merit and free of discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or status as an individual with a disability. Consistent with this commitment, we are dedicated to the employment and advancement of qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, persons of all ethnic backgrounds and religions according to their abilities.
