PTE Field Engineer

POWER Testing & Energization, Inc strives to create an environment where our field teams operate safely, delivering excellent technical service, leading to a high degree of client satisfaction. We share lessons learned and keep our safety and technical skills sharp through training and application. If you are interested in a long-term engagement with a high-performing team, please send us your resume.

Job Summary of Roles and Responsibilities:
This position is based in our FT Worth, TX POWER Testing & Energization (PTE) office and the work is located throughout the Central and East regions. Candidate may reside in an area where assigned clients are located.
Perform testing and commissioning of Protection and Control systems on high voltage substations
Support substation RTU upgrade projects
Prepare and implement relay and RTU commissioning test plans
Perform on site hands-on protective relay testing using relay test sets such as Omicron CMC 256/356 or Doble F6150. Examples of relays to be tested are SEL-311L, SEL-387, SEL-487, SEL-421, SEL-351S, GE L90, GE D60 among others.
Support Project Manager or Field Supervisor on assigned projects
Perform Job Hazard Analysis – JHA
Accurately document test results and produce field reports on requested format
Read and understand electrical drawings and schematics.
Prepare As-Built commissioning drawings with project mark ups and highlighted drawings.
Actively support and promote Human Performance Improvement (HPI) and safe working practices
Perform clerical responsibilities such as time cards, expense reports and project reports.
Required Education/Experience
Ideal candidate will have 5+ years of professional experience in the electrical testing industry, including experience in medium and high voltage circuit breakers, power transformers, instrument transformers, substation protection and controls testing.
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering or a Bachelor of Science in Electronics and Computer Engineering Technology
Demonstrable expertise on transmission, generation and distribution relays (SEL, Basler, Beckwith, and GE families) and protective schemes. Technical skills related to protective relays include relay calibration utilizing test sets/measuring devices such as Omicron CMC 256/356 and Doble F6150, control scheme testing, testing of the sensing CT/PT circuits, ability to upload settings to microprocessor relays, and static & dynamic testing of microprocessor-based protective relays.
Proven experience with Electrical Field Testing standards, practices, and procedures such as NETA, IEEE, NFPA applicable standards.
Demonstrable knowledge of testing electrical distribution, generation and transmission projects with voltage levels ranging from 15 kV to 500 kV, including protective relays, and circuit breakers.
Good interpersonal, written and oral, communication skills.
Detail oriented with excellent analytical skills, and ability to perform mathematical calculations, working knowledge of computer systems and microprocessor or relay software and project environment skills.
Demonstrable expertise in the use of the latest computer controlled solid-state test equipment (Automated protective relay test equipment such as Omicron or Doble)
Technical Software for testing purposes and data review: ProTesT, Protection Suite, ENOSERV RTS, Omicron Test Universe and AcSELerator Quickset.
Administrative software: MS Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Ability to meet minimum insurability standards based on a Motor Vehicle Report
Ability to pass drug and alcohol test
Ability to pass seven (7) year background check
Desired Education/Experience
Experience working with field RTU’s
Experience testing and troubleshooting microprocessor and electromechanical relays
Experience testing and commissioning electrical equipment on high voltage substations such as CTs, CCVTs, PLC systems and DC systems including batteries and battery chargers.
Strong working knowledge of utility substations
At POWER Engineers, Inc. you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you’ll have the chance to make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diverse and unique initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. We encourage new ideas and fresh approaches and most importantly, we strive to be our clients’ first choice. These traits – and deep technical skill – account for our success.

Have fun, do good work, make money. As an employee-owned company, we strive to make POWER Engineers an appealing place to work, where we perform projects that we find challenging and in which we excel. We provide competitive compensation, a full benefit package, professional development, and an appealing work environment. POWER Engineers is a unique and fun engineering firm, which may be contradictory to some, but it works well for us.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
