WHY VARIDESK:
Comprehensive Health Plans
Healthy Foods and Snacks
Wellness Program and Insurance Premium Discounts
Enhanced Paternity / Maternity Programs
Three weeks of Personal Time Off a year
Offsite Events and Happy Hours
Nicotine Free Workplace
WHO WE ARE:
A growing company ranked #1 by SMU as the fastest growing company in DFW
An active culture, we promote health and wellness (onsite gym, healthy food selections in the breakroom, weekly boot camp, weekly yoga, etc…)
VARIDESK has a balance between work life and home life, sedentary activity, sitting and standing for all employees
Position Summary

Insight Agents(Data Engineers) are in charge of analyzing and implementing business intelligence for their organization. They are responsible for the correct functioning of the central data warehouse and deployed machine learning models. They process large amounts of information to draw conclusions based on their intelligence findings, interact with a variety of business professionals, and communicate critical project requirements within their organization. They utilize a personal computer with analytical tools to calculate business data and interpret results. They may work to build out additions to a data warehouse one week and develop machine learning strategies to bake into the business processes the next week. Insight Agents(Data Engineers) build and load enterprise information by using data warehouses and marts, act as a mentor for junior staff, and participate in company meetings to suggest improvements for business processes. They also help manage custom application development and create delivery model strategies, as well as provide scalable services related to high-performance visualization tools and infrastructure design.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Create end-to-end analytics and reporting solutions.
Create end-to-end data science projects.
Create data integration and technical solutions around Microsoft SQL Server, Azure Data Lake and Azure Data Warehouse, Azure Machine Learning and R Server.
Develop ETL processes using SQL, SSIS, Azure Data Factory with consideration to fault-tolerance, error logging, auditing and data quality.
Write sophisticated SQL queries to extract data and build complex models (Excel/R/etc.)
Build/automate reports/dashboards (in Power BI and Microsoft Analysis Services) that allow the business leaders to get a clear snapshot of their operations
Design and analyze A/B tests to quantify impact of customer-facing changes
Perform complicated analyses to extract learnings and drive insights
Perform technical walk-through as needed to communicate design/coded solution and to seek input from team leads and members
Implement data cleanup procedures, transformations, scripts, stored procedures, and execution of test plans for landing data successfully into the appropriate destinations
Data Modeling and Requirements Analysis
Prepare storage logical and physical models based on requirements
Work closely with Data Science team to provide datasets necessary for experiments and creating machine learning models
Understand, articulate and present business requirements into technical solutions
Analyze and profile current data to ensure no requirements are missed
Work with quality assurance team to build test plans to validate that new systems meet business requirements
REQUIREMENTS
Experience in using Cloud-based managed services for data warehousing/analytics in Microsoft Azure (Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Lake Analytics, Azure Data Factory, Azure Table Storage, U-SQL, Stream Analytics, SQL Server R services, etc.)
Power BI
T-SQL Mastery
R Language
C# Experience
DAX and Tabular Cube Design
SQL Server, SQL Server Analysis Services, SQL Server Data Quality Services
Strong Data Modeling skills to include data quality, source systems analysis, business rules validation, source target, mapping design, performance tuning and high volume data loads
Excellent communication skills
Experience working in an agile team environment. Understanding of code promotion, code turnover to operations, version control, and QA procedures. Conduct code walkthroughs, peer reviews, and produce technical documentation
DESIRED EXPERIENCE
Background in FP&A and Accounting
Sr. level understanding of warehousing architectures including ETL design, staging, transformations, delta/change data capture, star-schemas, cubes, and history loading
Experience leveraging ETL frameworks to develop scalable solutions using SSIS. Design and develop SSIS packages, configuration files, stored procedures, tables, views and functions;
Understand database platform layouts and configurations
Understand reusability, parameterization and workflow design
Ability to effectively balance multiple projects in a rapidly changing environment
Experience in a professional services environment with exposure to senior functional leaders
