Read what people are saying about working here. 

$103,106 - $164,200 a year

Part-time

Duties

Summary

The U.S. Department of the Treasury has a distinguished history dating back to the founding of our nation. As the steward of U.S. economic and financial systems, Treasury is a major and influential leader in today's global economy. We have over 100,000 employees across the country and around the world. Come Join the Department of the Treasury and Invest in Tomorrow.

See “Other Information” for Locations

Responsibilities

WHAT IS THE IRS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION? The mission of the IRS Information Technology is to provide leadership in the delivery of information technology solutions that anticipate and meet enterprise-wide needs by empowering employees to deliver customer-centered, value-creating systems, products, services, and support.

WHAT DOES A COMPUTER ENGINEER (DATA SYSTEMS) DO? As a Senior Data Scientist, you will perform a lead role in developing research studies, analyses, and projects that affect the programs and policies of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). You will serve as lead or specialist on teams responsible for operations or programs. You will perform analysis, develop and verify hypothesis, concepts, and proposals in technical and analytical areas using latest computational systems, platforms, algorithms and tools; advanced quantitative methods and techniques (including Artificial Intelligence); and large data sets. Employ techniques and theories within mathematics, statistics, operations research, information science, and computer science, including distributed processing, signal processing, probability models, machine learning, statistical learning, data mining, database, data engineering, pattern recognition and learning, visualization, predictive analytics, uncertainty modeling, data warehousing, data compression, computer programming, and high-performance computing. Apply data to develop and provide analytical support to all levels of management. Serve on division-wide and/or inter-agency initiatives, perform technical reviews of publications, assist management with administrative tasks, and improve division operating efficiencies.

The Data Scientists’ major duties include but are not limited to:

Contribute to client engagements focused on Big Data and Advanced Business Analytics, in diverse domains such as cyber security, fraud analytics, service development, public policy, optimization, risk management; Communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations.

Analyze and model data in all its forms (both structured and unstructured) using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses.

Cluster large amount of user-generated content and process data n large-scale environments using platforms and services like Amazon EC2, Storm, Hadoop, Spark etc. Perform explanatory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patterns and correlations.

Research and develop methods for applications in diverse domains such as cyber security, fraud analytics, service development, marketing research, public policy, optimization and risk management.

Research new algorithms and methods for optimizing service quality, business growth and new ways for modeling end-user behavior through quantitative analysis.

Perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods.

Design experiments and analysis to answer targeted questions diverse subject domains within IRS such as cyber security, fraud analytics, and risk management.

Support investigations into data quality and develop methods and techniques to improve the quality of tax and other enterprise data. Develop and plan required analytic projects in response to data science and analysis and clean, massage and analyze big data using sophisticated analytical and algorithmic techniques.

Contribute to data mining architectures, modeling standards, reporting and data analysis methodologies.

Collaborate with stakeholders to integrate data mining results with existing systems and monitor data mining systems performance and implement efficiency improvements.

WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov.

DHIRSJobs

Travel Required

Occasional travel - 1-5 nights a month may be required.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

00 - Positions advertised at Grade 14 and Grade 15 level are NOT Career Ladder Promotion Potential. Employees selected will have to compete for the next higher grade level.

Job family (Series)

0854 Computer Engineering

Similar jobs

Computer And Information Research Scientists

Computer Hardware Engineers

Computer Research Scientists

Engineers, Computer Hardware

Information Research Scientists

Scientists, Computer Research

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

Must be a U.S. citizen or National.

Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.

Refer to "Other Information."

Qualifications

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement:

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: (All grade levels) Four (4) year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher professional engineering degree. The curriculum must: 1) be in a school of engineering accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) or 2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: a) Statics, dynamics, b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships), c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics, d) thermodynamics; e) electrical fields and circuits; f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. OR A combination of education and experience. The education must include courses equivalent to a major in engineering, as shown above. To be qualifying your experience must be sufficient to demonstrate: Thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying professional engineering, and a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. This must be demonstrated by meeting one (1) of the following: 1. Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. 2. Written Test showing evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination, or any other written test required for professional registration. 3. Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences that included the courses specified in the basic requirements. 4. Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a degree in engineering, provided that you have had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance.

In addition to meeting the basic requirements described above, you must meet the following:

GRADE 14 : At least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the grade 13 level that demonstrated extensive knowledge and technical understanding of the fundamental principles of professional engineering and scientific disciplines research, design, development integrated computer hardware/software information systems; Thorough knowledge of systems design principles and development methodologies; Thorough knowledge of information systems practices in areas such as applications development, systems integration, telecommunications, database management, security, and software engineering. At this level your experience should include formulating and applying new IS design principles based on broad architectural guidance; Participating in resolving mission critical agency-wide issues; Developing Service-wide information systems and providing recommendations.

GRADE 15: You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: demonstrated mastery knowledge and technical understanding of the fundamental principles of professional engineering and scientific disciplines research, design, development integrated computer hardware/software information systems; Expert knowledge of systems design principles and development methodologies; Expert knowledge of information systems practices in areas such as applications development, systems integration, telecommunications, database management, security, and software engineering. At this level your experience should include formulating and applying new IS design principles based on broad architectural guidance; Participating in resolving mission critical agency-wide issues; developing Service-wide information systems and providing recommendations. In addition to the above you must have experience providing quality deliverables at every step of the infrastructure design and implementation process.

The experience may have been gained in the public sector, private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis.

To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume.

Education

Additional information

Positions are located in (IT) Cybersecurity . Thirteen (13) vacancies to be filled at Lanham-Seabrook MD, Kearneysville WV, and/or Memphis TN.

We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies.

This is a non-bargaining unit position.

Alternative work schedule, staggered work hours or telework may be available.

Must meet IRS telework eligibility requirements.

-Tour of Duty: Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m - 4:30 p.m

A (1) year probationary period is required.

Must successfully complete a background investigation including an FBI criminal history record check (fingerprint check).

Complete declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency.

If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so.

Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.

Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the form.

I-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.

Undergo an income tax verification.

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified" determination.

This position will be filled through the Direct Hire Authority. Under this authority, competitive rating, ranking, and veterans' preference procedures do not apply. Your application will be considered based on education, training, and quality of your experience. For more information on Direct-Hire Authority visit: OPM Direct Hire Fact Sheet.

Referral: Applicants who meet the basic qualification requirements may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to participate in a selection interview (telephonic and/or in person at the discretion of the Selecting Official in accordance with hiring polices). We will not reimburse costs related to the interview such as travel to and from the interview site.

This vacancy announcement will be used as a register to fill vacancies via Direct Hire. Contingent upon funding and space requirements, one or more vacancies may be filled in the individual locations listed in "other information" as they become available in that location.

To preview questions please click here .

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Other

Drug test required

No

Required Documents

Required Documents

A complete application includes 1. A resume, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents . Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. ( Cover letters are optional).To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your resume to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view resume tips Resume Tips .

VETERANS DOCUMENTATION If you are a veteran please submit a copy of your DD-214 (Member 4 copy), or other official documentation from a branch of the Armed Forces or the Department of Veterans Affairs showing dates of service and type of discharge. If Applicable, please also submit an Application for 10-point Veteran Preference, SF-15 , along with the required documentation listed on the back of the SF-15 form. For more information on veterans' preference view FedsHireVets .

Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) DOCUMENTATION

If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee, click CTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents. IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs within and outside the commuting area.

EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION

If you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. If the position has specific education requirements and you are currently (or have previously been) in the Federal job series to be filled, there is no need to submit a transcript or equivalent at this time . An official transcript will be required if you are selected.

A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to Department of Education Accreditation page .

If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the OPM instructions.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Our comprehensive benefits are very generous. Our benefits package includes:

Challenging work, opportunities for advancement, competitive salaries, bonuses and incentive awards.

Ten paid holidays, 13 days of sick leave, and 13 to 26 days of vacation time each year.

Access to insurance programs that may be continued after you retire.

A wide choice of health insurance plans, coverage for pre-existing conditions, and no waiting periods. We pay a substantial amount (up to 75%) of the health insurance premiums.

A retirement program which includes employer-matching contributions.

Learn more about Federal benefits programs at: Pay and benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
