Your Opportunity


Our Portfolio Accounting Technology team is looking for a Technology Leader (Sr. Manager– Software Application Engineering) who will be responsible for developing digital strategy, delivering utilities, and experiences to drive the growth and loyalty of existing and prospective clients and accelerate Schwab’s digital transformation.

This is a unique opportunity to grow and transform our business driving significant step-change in our time to market, building more integrated client-centric experiences, and enabling project success via multi-functional coordination and ownership. If you consider yourself a change agent, enjoy leading edge technologies.

What you are good at
Lead technical teams in delivering highly scalable and reliable applications that meet business budgets/timelines while ensuring alignment to strategic technology vision.
Lead day-to-day activities and influence team members to leverage and support agile software development practices,
Develop and document resourcing roadmaps, budgets and schedules.
Ensure team is properly engaged, aware of career breakthroughs/path, aware of their role on the team and how it relates to others; how their contributions meet the overall vision.
Lead all recruiting activities across the team (create different avenues when necessary).
Identify and document the roles, tasks, and responsibilities of each team member.
Assist the 'Run' and 'Support' teams in building durable systems/applications and ensuring a low MTTR (mean time to resolution).
Identify gaps/risks early and establish mitigation plans (both technically & with regards to resources).
Increase the overall visibility of this team; celebrate/track accomplishments and build relationships with key leaders in other groups.
Continually strive for improvements in process, talent acquisition/retention, application time-to-market and quality.
Exceptional data analysis skills, including data mapping of systems, vendor integration, and database queries
Superior intellectual curiosity and problem-solving skills to explore what problems need to be solved, identify and analyze key insights, and ﬁnd creative solutions
What you have
8+ years of application management/leadership experience with at least 4-6 years of distributed software development experience
Combined 10+ years of hands-on Software Development experience
Proficiency in leading multiple priorities in a dynamic, geographically dispersed environment
Strong expertise with 4+ years of experience in message-based integration and event-driven architecture
Strong expertise with 4+ years of experience in high-throughput and low-latency real-time systems
Deep understanding of SDLC, agile software development methodologies, values, and procedures.
Ability to analyze, propose and implement timely, cost effective, quality solutions for all issues or problems within area of responsibility.
Strong influencing, negotiation, and, problem-solving skills with an ability to identify stakeholders, assess their needs and manage their expectations through effective communication.
Strong coaching and mentoring experience to build and sustain high performing team.
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or related fields is required.
Financial Industry experience (a plus)
Microservices & cloud-native experience (a plus)
DevOps experience (a plus)
Versatile and Deep knowledge of Platform as a Service (PaaS) (a plus)
Versatile and Deep knowledge of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) (a plus)
