(SONUS) Engineer/Senior Engineer, IT Network Infrastructure



(SONUS) Engineer/Senior Engineer, IT Network Infrastructure

Date:

Jul 10, 2020

Location: DFW Headquarters Building 7 (DFW-SV07)
Additional Locations: None
Requisition ID: 38294
Intro
Are you ready to explore a world of possibilities, both at work and during your time off? Join our American Airlines family, and you’ll travel the world, grow your expertise and become the best version of you. As you embark on a new journey, you’ll tackle challenges with flexibility and grace, learning new skills and advancing your career while having the time of your life. Feel free to enrich both your personal and work life and hop on board!
Why you'll love this job
This job is a member of the Information Technology Team within the Information Technology Division.
Responsible for the technical leadership, execution, and delivery of next generation software defined infrastructure; firewall technologies, intrusion detection/prevention technologies, micro-segmentation, F5, SD-LAN, SD-WAN other data center technologies and continuous process improvements. This role will lead the corporate execution and delivery of software defined infrastructure working with internal subject matter experts and partners/vendors to deliver the solution.
What you'll do
Support Session Border Controllers for the enterprise’s call routing, voice and telephony needs at campus locations, airports, operations, sales offices, and reservations worldwide.
Coordinate with architects to develop the strategy for defining, deploying, and maintaining Session Border with regards to the Call Center Technology/Unified Communications architecture.
Design, engineer, and deploy a reliable and robust Session Border Controller architecture and platform.
Prepare input to technical and architecture designs that detail the proposed UC technologies and their integration into the enterprise.
Support the enterprise Call Center/Unified Communications vision deliverables by implementing viable technologies, ensuring compatibility with the existing environment, and acting as a technical resource for peers and managers within the team.
Research and remain current on emerging Call Center Technology/Unified Communications technologies, products, services, protocols, and standards that are directly in line with the vision, business needs, and requirements.
Ensure integration compatibility of new Session Border Controller systems with enterprise LANs, WANs and Internet-based services and protocols.
Identify opportunities for automation.
Improve efficiency and reliability by streamlining manual processes that are redundant or repetitive.
Collaborate with other business units to understand how automation can improve workflow.
Support telecommunications infrastructure and its associated software, including PBXs, call management systems, voice mail, and interactive voice response, and respond to issue escalation and service interruption as a confident technical leader.
Assume technical a role in problem resolution and root cause analysis, and provide actionable after-incident analysis to ensure root cause issues are logged and remediated.
Maintain effective external relationships with vendors, consultants, and service providers. Leverage these relationships to ensure that the best fit solutions
All you'll need for success
Minimum Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Technology, Information Systems (CIS/MIS), Engineering or related technical discipline, or equivalent experience/training
Preferred Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Technology, Information Systems (CIS/MIS), Engineering or related technical discipline, or equivalent experience/training
Experience with implementing converged voice and data solutions using session border controllers
7 – 10 years’ hands on working experience with Session Border Controller (Ribbon/SONUS, Acme Packet, Cisco, etc.)
Skills, Licenses & Certifications
Ribbon Certification
Configure, manage, support and troubleshoot the SBC 5x00, SBC7000, 9000, SBC SWe platforms, EMS, PSX DSI.
Ability to understand Call Center Systems and routing strategies
Extensive knowledge of voice, data, and IP networking (LAN/WAN)
Technical knowledge of VoIP/IP telephony systems, PBXs, voice mail, ACD’s, interactive voice services
Telephony Traffic and Engineering (Erlangs, Trunks, Blockage, etc.)
Technical knowledge of PSTN, T1/PRI, SIP, H.323 (IP), H.320 (ISDN), TCP/IP and MPLS
Understanding of VoIP QoS issues and mitigation strategies (G711, G729, etc.)
SIP Architecture Integration
Experience working with the following platforms Cisco, Avaya, NEC, and Nortel
Experience with current best practices in IT standards, principles, and security practices
Strong understanding of Cloud Architecture
Exceptional IP and IT analytical, technical, and interpersonal skills
Ability to stay on top of the rapid technological changes within the industry.
Ability to work with limited supervision, be highly motivated, persistent, a self-starter and able to manage multiple projects, groups of people, and company/industry changes simultaneously.
PC skills, Microsoft Office Suite mastery, Visio and spreadsheets is required.
What you'll get
Feel free to take advantage of all that American Airlines has to offer:
Travel Perks: Ready to explore the world? You, your family and your friends can reach 365 destinations on more than 6,800 daily flights across our global network.
Health Benefits: On day one, you’ll have access to your health, dental, prescription and vision benefits to help you stay well. And that’s just the start, we also offer virtual doctor visits, flexible spending accounts and more.
Wellness Programs: We want you to be the best version of yourself – that’s why our wellness programs provide you with all the right tools, resources and support you need.
401(k) Program: Available upon hire and, depending on the workgroup, employer contributions to your 401(k) program are available after one year.
Additional Benefits: Other great benefits include our Employee Assistance Program, pet insurance and discounts on hotels, cars, cruises and more
Feel Free to be yourself at American
From the team members we hire to the customers we serve, inclusion and diversity are the foundation of the dynamic workforce at American Airlines. Our 20+ Employee Business Resource Groups are focused on connecting our team members to our customers, suppliers, communities and shareholders, helping team members reach their full potential and creating an inclusive work environment to meet and exceed the needs of our diverse world.

Are you ready to feel a tremendous sense of pride and satisfaction as you do your part to keep the largest airline in the world running smoothly as we care for people on life’s journey? Feel free to be yourself at American.

Additional Locations: None
Requisition ID: 38294

Nearest Major Market: Fort Worth
Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas
Job Segment:
Network, Telecom, Telecommunications, Engineer, Network Engineer, Technology, Engineering
