IT Support Engineer
Physician Partners of America (PPOA) is an established and growing multidisciplinary integrated healthcare organization. We have multiple ASC, clinic, pharmacy, and laboratory locations in both Texas and Florida with our corporate headquarters in Tampa, FL.
PPOA is looking for a IT Support Engineer to handle the day-to-day operation and serve as escalation point of contact for the PPOA Service Desk. Duties include resolving multi-level issues, developing our knowledge base, and providing a superior level of customer service. This role covers support of the desktop environment, networks, communications services and other basic IT functions of our offices. The primary focus of the IT Support Engineer is to coordinate and facilitate the rapid resolution of incidents and timely response to service requests impacting business operations. The role will require a mix of hands on technical support for both Tier I and escalated Tier II IT issues.

Qualifications/Job Requirements:
Monitors incoming support requests from end users via telephone, ticket system and e- mail in a courteous manner.
Documents all pertinent information thoroughly on each support request to ensure a timely and appropriate response.
Builds rapport and elicits problem details from helpdesk customers. Prioritizes and schedules support requests.
Escalates support requests appropriately.
Installs hardware and software on Dell Laptops and Desktops
Image new Dell Laptops and desktops for use by our users
Documents the problem-solving process for each support request, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, as well as the actions taken to the final resolution.
Applies diagnostic utilities to aid in troubleshooting.
Utilizes technical resources appropriately to aid in problem resolution, including accessing software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, and frequently asked questions resources on the Internet.
Identifies and learns the software and hardware used and supported by the organization.
Install Printers
Develops help documents and frequently-asked question lists for end users.
Interacts clearly with vendors to provide support for systems.
Provides training to employees regarding system usage.
Participates in after-hours support rotation as needed.
Works escalated Tier II IT Issues.
Travel to remote offices when necessary.

Required:
High school degree or equivalent
Interest in obtaining additional technical knowledge/skill sets
Foundational understanding of hardware, software, networks and printers
Demonstrated knowledge of continuous improvement
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook
Analytical and problem solving skills
Able to quickly organize and prioritize competing priorities
Preferred:
Industry Standard/recognized certifications
Enterprise hardware/network support experience
Advanced data analytical skills
PPOA celebrates and supports diversity and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. PPOA performs criminal background checks and pre-employment drug screens.
