Description:In this role you will be part of an advanced manufacturing artificial intelligence (AI) and advanced data analytics team consisting of colleagues possessing varying skill sets including data scientists, data engineers, front-end and back-end developers and other business analysts.

In this role you will develop end to end web applications and design mockups with enhanced UI features including writing all the front-end code and building the user interface. You will periodically produce storyboards, wife-frames, flowcharts, design prototypes, and other design elements.

Our ideal candidate is someone who can:
Design new and improve current web site applications and mobile applications (iOS)
Effectively communicate ideas and designs and work with cross-functional teams and customers
Conceptualize and collaborate using strategic thinking for marketing and other business priorities
Improve digital user experiences
Produce a portfolio showcasing front-end development skills
Exhibit outstanding technical and traditional communication skills to our internal customers
Demonstrated expertise in debugging code errors and troubleshooting software issues
Conduct research on evolving design trends and apply when appropriate
Design one off digital products for web sites (such as banner ads, icons, illustrations etc.)
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience
7+ years experience as a UI/UX .NET developer
Build and implement front-end web single page applications that integrate with back-end services and third-party partners
Demonstrated expertise in a server-side web technology (.NET, PHP, etc.)
Experience or proficiency within 2 or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, HTML 5, Node.js, Bootstrap, C#, D3, D3.js, Web Services, JSON, API)
Experience using Web Design software
Ability to produce responsive designs
Strong visual design skills (iconography, typography, color theory, etc.)
Focused on results and able to work closely with others in collaborative environment.
Energetic & Self-Starting
Desired Skills:
Basic knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process
Basic knowledge of the Web Development Life Cycle process
Multiple development methodologies including Scrum, and/or Agile, and test-driven development Experience using the Agile philosophy for web design and development
Technical leadership of small- to medium-size teams
Lean Six Sigma (Green Belt or Black Belt Certification)
Operations Background
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
