Job Description
Required Skills & Responsibilities:

Python 3.7, SK-Learn, Machine Learning, SQL, Hadoop, Hive Statistics, 6.884 Advanced topics (20%):

Build Machine Learning Models using application of principles, theories, concepts and technologies to optimize 828 prospect campaign.

Primary tools used for this effort will be Python for Modelling and SQL/Hive/Hadoops for the data pull.

Python, SQL, Tableau (20%):

Embed propensity scores to marketing leads for OTM, EM or D2D Campaigns

Develop smart campaigns to automate list generation including the development macros, process, and propensities that will be used over most marketing lists to standardize list generation and outbound communications

Python 3.7, SQL, Tableau (10%):

Provide recommendations to align solutions to strategy. He will optimize and build on the current algorithm that will determine prospects in the business to business world. This algorithm will be part of the 2020 plan to expand organizational reach through the footprint. Thisjob requires extensive knowledge of statistics and programming.

PySpark, DataRobot, Python, SK-Learn, Machine Learning, SQL programming (20%):

Working continuously with the Marketing, Sales and IT teams to fine tune the models and bring in changes real-time.

Manage policies and procedures in support of strategic objectives by maintaining an up-to-date documentation and a repository of Machine Learning models. Introduce parallel processing technology for evaluating and deploying new technologies to in-house and model data. Using own initiative and technique to create data pipelines for real time feeds to enhance models and explore new sources of data such as GPS, web search and historical sales data to enhance the models.

Tableau & PowerPoint (20%):

Communication to leadership on active data science findings, efforts, actions and results

SQL, Hive,Hadoop, Teradataand Postgres (10%):

Managing 3rd party data providers, and working with sales and IT to consolidate data into one system for future use. Also, working on the futurestate of DBM by consolidating the data from different groups (SMB,VES SLED, Fiber Store, etc.) into one unified process.
