Wabtec Corporation is a leading global provider of equipment, systems, digital solutions and value-added services for freight and transit rail. Drawing on nearly four centuries of collective experience across Wabtec, GE Transportation and Faiveley Transport, the company has unmatched digital expertise, technological innovation, and world-class manufacturing and services, enabling the digital-rail-and-transit ecosystems. Wabtec is focused on performance that drives progress, creating transportation solutions that move and improve the world. Wabtec has approximately 27,000 employees in facilities throughout the world. Visit the company's new website at: http://www.WabtecCorp.com.It's not just about your career or your job titleit's about who you are and the impact you are going to make on the world. Do you want to go into uncharted watersdo things that haven't been done to make yours and someone else's life better? Wabtec has been doing that for decades and we will continue to do so! Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, Wabtec delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry.Job Summary:Plan, direct and coordinate the Development and support real-time software applications and engineering duties for Wabtec, a leading supplier of technology-based products and services for the rail and transit industries. This position has an opening for a dynamic, result-oriented Software Engineer with a positive attitude to lead a team of developers. The individual will be assigned to the Train Control team for the implementation of new functionality for the Train Management Dispatching System (TMDS) product, as well as act on product maintenance.Essential Job Functions/Responsibilities:* Responsible for development of Train control system following good OOPS concepts and stringent code quality/Software Security standards.* Responsible for maintenance related activities i.e. bug fixes, defect triaging, feature development, validation and training.* Demonstrate strong skills in OOP programming, design patterns, data modeling and database design.* Responsible for technical decision making regarding its team and products supported.* Responsible for mentoring other software engineers and hold design reviews and code reviews.* Responsible to convey to customers on software development status, impediments and concerns.Qualifications:* Strong 3+ years' experience in application development on .Net framework in C#, VB and Sql Server. Solid desktop application development, web/Windows services (SOA) experience and good understanding of Microsoft platform.* Strong practical knowledge of OOP programming, design patterns, data modeling and database design.* Experience in working with geographically distributed and in different time zones.* Good to have knowledge of domain modelling and entity modelling.* High degree of attention to detail.* Effective oral and written communication skills; ability to articulate clearly and concisely.* Self motivated, quick learner, results-oriented and a clear focus on quality.* Ability to develop high level of credibility and strong positive relationships with peers and management.* Good to have real time system development experience but not required.Education, Experience and Knowledge Required:* B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or Computer/Electrical engineering or relevant professional experience.* The candidate needs to have 3+ years' experience in software development and support processes for enterprise-class systems.* Experience and understanding of the database management systems used to support complex n-tiered systems.* Would be desirable but not mandatory that candidate has knowledge of railroad system operations.Wabtec Corporation is committed to taking on the world's toughest challenges. In order to fulfill that commitment we rely on a culture of leadership, diversity and inclusiveness. We aim to employ the world's brightest minds to help us create a limitless source of ideas and opportunities. We believe in hiring talented people of varied backgrounds, experiences and stylespeople like you! Wabtec Corporation is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or protected Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
