DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryThe incumbent for this position will serve as a Electrical Engineer for En Route Engineering Center - Fort Worth.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesPerforms multiple, varying, and complex assignments and plans the implementation of projects/programs under limited direction of a manager, project/program manager, or more experienced engineer. Designs, reviews and manages generally for building and electronic facility electrical engineering projects including power panels, electrical bus, UPS, engine generators, standby battery systems, lighting systems and/or grounding work for new and remodel work. The work also includes the responsibility for planning, developing, and overseeing projects to establish and improve facilities/systems including preparation of engineering plans, specification and documents for construction and/or installation of facilities and equipment.Applies experience and advanced knowledge of engineering principles, theories, and concepts applicable to his/her discipline to plan and accomplish assignments. He/she uses experience and knowledge of the Uniform Building Code (UBC), International Building Code IBC), the National Electrical code, the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) Lighting Protection Code, and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)Grounding Standards for electronic facilities to complete complex assignments. He/she assures that assigned projects comply with applicable building codes and standards, including FAA Orders and directives and is required to interact with personnel from other sections, field offices, private sector contractors, and other local and Federal government agencies.Conducts site surveys and site adaptation of standard engineering designs, including developing and coordinating project scope, cost estimate, facility and NAS risk mitigation, RTP schedule, resource requirements, and project closeout for assigned projects. Established policies/procedures provide guidance for most assignments, but allow considerable discretion to select the most appropriate approach to recommend new approaches. He/she estimates, manages, and accounts for funding of assigned projects. Initiates, modifies, and assesses task orders/work releases/contracts with engineering support contractors such as TSSC, NISC, A/Es, and others in response to changes in scope, performance and cost. Identifies and informs management of problems that require their attention. Often develops and recommends techniques to address problem situations. Performs the full range of construction and/or installation activities including the conduct of daily operations, overall schedule reviews, drawing approvals; project coordination, safety and environmental requirements, and interfacing with Logistics on contract award, contract modifications and material acquisitions. Uses experience of a COR/TOR for implementation construction and installation activities. Work is reviewed periodically, typically at major milestones and at completion, for technical compliance and alignment with the requirements of the project or other work activity.Travel Required25% or less - The job may require up to 25% travel.Supervisory statusNoPromotion PotentialNA* Job family (Series)0850 Electrical Engineering* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* US Citizenship is required.* Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.* Must submit an SF50 (See Required Documents)* This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required.QualificationsBasic Requirements:Degree: Professional Engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.ORCombination of education and experience. For additional information on qualification requirements, please visit the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) website at:https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdfANDTo qualify for this position, you must demonstrate in your application that you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to FV-H (FG/GS-12). Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position.Specialized experience may include but is not limited to: Experience conducting site surveys and site adaptation of standard engineering designs, including developing and coordinating project scope, and cost estimate.Applicants must include examples of specialized experience in their work history.Qualifications must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement.EducationThis position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page).Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration.Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html.Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered.Preview Job QuestionnaireMake sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
