Req ID: 17105
For more than 50 years, TranSystems has provided engineering and architectural planning, design and construction solutions to enhance the movement of goods and people across today’s integrated transportation infrastructure. Headquartered in Kansas City, Mo., its professionals in more than 30 offices throughout the U.S. perform a broad range of services to all sectors of the transportation and federal marketplaces. Services are delivered throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to construction to long-term operations, maintenance and rehabilitation.

Job Title: Drainage Engineer – Fort Worth

Water Resource/Drainage Engineer

TranSystems’ Fort Worth, TX office seeks a water resource/drainage engineer to join our growing office of roadway, highway, rail, and intermodal designers. The person will assist in completing major civil and infrastructure projects performing hydraulic and hydrologic analysis of waterways, floodway analysis (FEMA), storm drainage studies and design, bridge and bridge class culvert studies, detention analysis and design including developing solutions for complex hydraulic storm water problems. The position includes the preparation and review of working drawings, details, layouts, cost estimates, studies, reports, specifications and work products. Candidates will have the opportunity to work on challenging multi-disciplinary projects with opportunity for professional growth.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in the civil engineering
Minimum 8+ years of progressive experience with TxDOT, Flood Control Districts and/or similar public agencies
Background in studies, preliminary engineering and development of detailed plans and specifications
Background in the design of storm drain design, large scale flood studies, and erosion and sediment controls in Texas
Proficiency in MicroStation
Proficiency of bridge modeling using HEC-RAS
Experience in performing scour calculations in accordance with HEC-18.
Good analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and modelling results.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
Ability to work well in a team environment on multi-disciplinary projects
Texas PE license or the ability to obtain one
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with any of the following:
Geopak drainage (latest release)
HEC software (hydrologic and hydrualic)
GIS Systems and Programs
2D hydraulic modeling experience (SMS- SRH2D, XPSWM, or HEC-RAS 2D)
Water quality structure design
General Duties & Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned:
Production of drainage/storm water management/E&S/permitting aspects of projects.
Storm water modeling with programs such as HEC-RAS, HydroCAD, StormCAD, PondPack, etc.
Makes decisions independently on engineering problems and methods, and represents the organization in meetings to resolve important questions, and to plan and coordinate work.
Receives instructions from Project Manager or Senior Project Engineers as to the general results expected.
Provides technical direction to and mentors younger engineers.
Responsible for accuracy of engineering design and plans, quality presentation, thoroughness and follow- through, and efficient conformance to budgets, schedules, and company standards. Ensures corporate quality standards are followed.
Research design options and document findings for Project Manager or Senior Project Engineer.
Interacts with clients and oversees sub-consultants.
Keeps Project Manager informed of workload and any changes in project schedule, scope or additional services. Assists Project Manager in developing scopes of work and price proposals.
Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
Usually performs as a staff advisor and consultant to technical specialty.
Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics and physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions, depending on field assignments. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate, however, construction and field assignments can be severe (i.e. Airport noise, inside factories, construction equipment, jack hammers, etc).

The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, talk or hear, and drive a car. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include ability to adjust focus.

Travel Requirements: Up to 10%

TranSystems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status or physical or mental disability. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States (if the position is or will be one which is subject to U.S. law).

TranSystems is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer and ensures nondiscrimination and equal employment opportunity in all programs and activities in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, pregnancy status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status, disability, protected Veteran status or any other status protected by law. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States (if the position is or will be one that is subject to U.S. law.
