We are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and design the first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA's first lunar mission and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences.

Systems Engineer - H-1 Program

The Systems Engineer will support requirements management and system architecture modeling for the Bell AH-1Z & UH-1Y aircraft. This will include ensuring a strong systems engineering-based approached is used for the decomposition of requirements to meet customer mission sets. This position will develop initial Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) models for all subsystems of the aircraft, including (drive systems, rotor systems, airframe systems, etc.) and will also support cross-functional projects for aircraft modifications. This position is located at Bell's headquarters facility in Ft. Worth, TX.

Position Responsibilities
Requirements Management: Definition and tracing of design requirements, test data, and performance values associated with engineering and manufacturing development of the aircraft and its subsystems; capable of using product life cycle management (PLM) database to load, export, link, and trace requirements.
Analyze requirements and reported specification compliance issues to determine if deviations are necessary; document and record deviations when required.
Model Based Systems Engineering: Strong systems engineering background with the ability to decompose top level Tier 1 requirements into lower tier requirements and develop models/specifications using SysML modeling language. Developing MBSE system models in the SE architecture software, Cameo Enterprise Architecture.
Systems Engineering Process: Ensure rigorous requirements management and traceability, interface management, risk management, Systems Engineering Technical Reviews, and decision analysis/trade studies are executed on all projects.
Project Contracting: Develop system/subsystem and supplier Statements of Work (SOW) and applicable Supplier Data Requirement Lists (SDRL)
Production & Sustainment Support: Support and lead responses to critical root cause and corrective action for production issues or fleet issues related to engineering design. Cross-functional coordination, program management status support, and customer interfacing.
Strategic Planning: Support the development of future product improvements and R&D investment plans for the H-1 platform. To include identification of customer requirements, internal assessment within the program, and developing implementation plans.
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Math or Physics - or similar technical discipline - is required.
Position Requirements:
At least 2 years of related experience in the design, development and testing of aerospace/defense systems, or minimum 2-3 years related experience with master's degree in Engineering or MBA - is preferred.
Minimum 1-year experience in Model Based Systems Engineering is preferred.
Proficiency in UML and SysML with experience in requirements analysis or product data management tools is required.
Minimum 1-year experience using system modeling software such as Magic Draw or Cameo Enterprise Architecture is preferred.
Understanding of utilizing Government contracting requirements, to include basic understanding of how to read, assess, and evaluate those requirements is required.
Experience developing aerospace system specifications is required.
Must have technical acumen to work with subject matter experts to establish design requirements.
Must have demonstrated ability to collaborate with multiple support functions (engineering - all disciplines, manufacturing, procurement, finance, IT, technical publications, customer support, integrated operations, quality, contracts), customers, suppliers and partners from different locations.
Experience performing engineering work in a specific design area or specialty is required.
Background in Statements of Work and how to drive requirements to a supplier is preferred.
Experience with supplier management is preferred.
Candidate must demonstrate solid communication skills to be able to collaborate and/or exchange complex information with industry and internal professionals across all organizational levels as well as brief project information to external customers and internal Bell leadership.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and ability to learn new software is required.
Candidate should be highly organized and efficient.
Strong computer skills are preferred. (ENOVIA, Premier, SAP, DOORS, QlikView, etc.)
At least 2 years of direct MBSE experience on a government contract is preferred.
Experience in UML 2.0 is preferred.
Knowledge of Earned Value Management is preferred. Use of EVM tools to plan, control, and document Integrated Master Schedules as well as cost performance data.
Experience with assessment and implementation of risk analysis on programs/projects is preferred.
Don't miss the chance to join a diverse, inclusive environment where you feel a sense of belonging. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where unique experiences, backgrounds and ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
