Thank you for your interest in the Territory Business Manager, opportunity based in Houston, Texas!!

At LEO Pharma, we seek passionate, entrepreneurial and solutions-oriented colleagues, and consistently ensure that our people can proactively develop their capabilities and fulfil their potential. Together, we can embrace the changing healthcare landscape and grasp strategic business opportunities. The result: life-enhancing products that bring hope to patients living with chronic dermatologic diseases. With a robust R+D pipeline we have a strong vision to become the preferred dermatology care partner.

What a Territory Business Manager at LEO Pharma will fulfill:

The Territory Business Manager represents LEO Pharma Inc. within an assigned territory with the goal of maximizing product sales and contributing toward the LEO vision of becoming the preferred dermatology care partner improving peoples lives around the world. The Territory Business Manager will target and promote LEO therapeutic products to Dermatologists, general practitioners and other healthcare providers in order to grow the LEO business and achieve company objectives. This position reports into a Regional Business Manager.

Your contribution to the team includes:
Lead and facilitate close collaboration with Sales, Marketing, Commercial Ops, Training, Market Access, and Compliance to execute Sales Force Effectiveness initiatives that provide clear vision & focus, to align and improve the effectiveness and execution of Field Sales teams.
Analyze sales and business performance to provide insights that identify additional opportunities to drive sales, access and excellence in execution.
Partner with Sales and Marketing Leadership to align on strategy and execute on business goals.
Provide Leadership & Guidance to ensure the delivery of complete and accurate data to all stakeholders in order to make strategic decisions and embed a continuous improvement approach for maximum return on investments.
Identify & Drive measurable improvements in Sales force Effectiveness (SFE).
Operational Responsibilities:
Effectively articulate features of LEO Pharmas portfolio of products, including approved uses, benefits, safety, and efficacy, with an emphasis on which products are best suited for particular patient profiles or circumstances.
Develop a call routing plan that maximizes opportunity to call on targeted customers. Achieve designated call expectations for physician face-to-face, retail and hospital calls.
Develop a customized approach for each sales call to assess needs as well as anticipate and respond to customers questions or concerns.
Interpret sales data and identify trends in order to develop/revise business plans and execute marketing strategies.
Effectively utilize resources and support services in order to promote products and maximize sales.
Understand market dynamics and impact of managed care in the assigned territory in order to effectively plan and implement sales and marketing strategies.
Consistently improve upon disease state, product knowledge, competitor information as well as consultative selling skills by participating in training activities, POA meetings, and
relevant conferences/trade association meetings. Successfully complete all required training classes and programs and effectively implement technical and selling skills.
Effectively coordinate distribution of product samples and promotional materials within territory in accordance with company policies and procedures and legal/regulatory requirements.
Complete all company-based and job-related training as assigned by LEO Pharma within the required timeline.
Complete administrative duties accurately and within specified time frames, including but not limited to call reports, expense reports, and other required documentation.
Recommend, plan, support, host, and attend various company functions, including events scheduled before or after regular working hours.
Understand and adhere to all applicable laws, regulations, and LEO policies, including but not limited to PhRMA code, OIG regulations, and PDMA policies and procedures.
Additional duties as assigned by LEO Pharma Management.
What you will bring to this role:
Bachelors Degree required; sales/marketing or science related degree preferred.
Minimum two years outside sales experience required; pharmaceutical sales experience in dermatology and/or specialty area preferred.
Biologic experience a plus.
Proven, documented record of sales success in highly regulated market.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including strong, enthusiastic presentation and closing skills.
Ability to interact with employees at all organization levels.
Strong planning, organizational and computer skills. Ability to analyze and interpret data from various reports. Familiarity with sales reporting software preferred.
Proven organizational skills, time management, and territory management skills.
Must possess a valid drivers license in the state of residence; must possess and maintain satisfactory driving record.
Must live within 50 miles of territory epicenter.
Ability to travel within and external to assigned territory; some nights, weekends and overnight travel as required.
Must be able to perform all essential functions of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation.
Must be able to perform all essential functions of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation

Key LEO behavioral competences:

•Ability to lead through influence including demonstrated facilitator skills.

•Demonstrated organizational savvy and self-awareness.

•Planning, process and results oriented.

•Technology savvy, business orientation and nimble learning abilities required.

•The ability and willingness to travel domestically and internationally as required (up to 25%).

•Must be able to perform all essential functions of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation.

Ready to learn more about LEO Pharma?

LEO Pharma has been pioneering medical innovations for more than 110 years. Today, LEO Pharma looks to constantly improve and extend what is possible for the benefit of patients. Our rapidly expanding product portfolio and pipeline includes global therapeutic areas in psoriasis, eczema, skin infections, acne, rosacea and, most recently, rare disease.

LEO Pharma believes in challenging the status quo, so we approach dermatology beyond the skin. Our global innovation ecosystem includes internal research and development, digital health via the LEO Innovation Lab, based in Copenhagen, and the LEO Science & Tech Hub, housed in Cambridge, Mass.

As we look to shape our U.S. footprint now and in the future, we pride ourselves on our agile and entrepreneurial environment. It allows passionate people to collaborate and push the boundaries of science in hopes to provide solutions for patients.

Perks

We offer a competitive compensation package, 401k match, vision, dental and health insurance, annual bonus, three weeks vacation to start, a culture that emphasizes work-life balance, both paternity and maternity leave, an on-site game room, free membership to the on-site gym, plenty of coffee machines and - most of all - a FUN and celebratory work environment.

Lets wrap this up

If you are interested in joining a small, growing and nimble company, and help shape the future of medical dermatology, then send in your resume today!

Thank you for your interest in career opportunities at LEO Pharma Inc.

LEO Pharma Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workforce that creates a better future for our global communities. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

LEO Pharma Inc. seeks information for job applications from candidates in the U.S. through only the following channels:
the LEO Pharma Inc. website and Halogen Talent Acquisition, powered by Jobvite
via email to/from addresses using only the LEO Pharma domain of "@leo-pharma.com"
screening and interaction by telephone and through the Microsoft Teams platform.
Please note:
LEO Pharma does not use Google Hangouts, Zoom or any other platform for any recruitment-related activities.
Disregard any solicitation or request for information related to job applications with LEO Pharma via any other means and/or using email addresses with any other domain.
LEO Pharma will never ask candidates to make any type of personal financial investment related to gaining employment with the company.
If you have any questions about LEO Pharma Inc. and the application process, please email the companys U.S. People and Communications team at HRUS@leo-pharma.com.
