Job Summary


Join the team that powers the global real estate economy - CoreLogic is an innovative, future focused company whose vision is to deliver unique property-level insights that power the global real estate economy.

We are a $1.95 billion in sales company with more than 6,000 employees globally serving the financial services and insurance industries. We are evolving at a rapid pace and the clients we serve are challenged from every direction, which means we are growing and innovating to help drive their success. Working together, and differentiated by our superior data, analytics and data-enabled solutions, we empower our clients to make smarter business decisions through data-driven insights. We take initiative, are fully accountable, build respect and trust, make transparency a must—and engage, include and collaborate at every turn.

We take pride in our work and believe in cultivating a work environment that supports and values our greatest asset: our talented employees.

Job Description:

This role requires the candidate to analyze, test and build tools to meet the data quality validation needs for a cloud platform-based application. A QA mindset in being able to create test cases for verifying the data scenarios that meets business needs is an absolute must. The candidate must have strong programming and SQL fundamentals. An exposure to handling very large data sets is strongly preferred.

A solid critical thinker with strong programming skills and sound grounding in data quality will be successful in this role.

Job Qualifications:

Required

o Expert Python Programming

o Extensive understanding of Web design & programming

o Deep expertise with Spark, Hive and Google Cloud Platform (preferred)

o Overall 4-5 years of experience in Quality Assurance of which at least 3+ years of experience in test automation development or combination of development and testing experience using HP Quick Test Professional, Selenium Web driver, or similar automation tools

o Experience in creating and maintaining automation scripts to ensure information systems services and programs meet acceptance criteria.

o Should be strong in SQL, PL/SQL

o Provide technical support to delivery teams which may include testing and creation of utilities to support testing.

o Plans and executes automation tasks and ensures testing standards are followed within team.

o Ability to work independently within a quickly changing environment with strict deadlines

o Strong analytical skills

o Ability to multi-task and Strong attention to detail

o Proven communication and documentation skills

o Work creatively and efficiently in troubleshooting and resolution of system issues.

o Excellent organizational, troubleshooting and analytical skills required

o Knowledge of all aspects of the software development life cycle

o Must have experience creating and using RESTful APIs for enterprise applications (JSON, REST)

o Experience in a modern web framework like Angular, React, etc.

o Working knowledge of Postgres or SQL Server

o Experience developing in a fast-paced environment with short production timelines

o Experience in writing unit tests for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability

o Proven ability to create working prototypes

o Experience with the latest trends in cloud computing, distributed systems, web technologies and UI/UX standards

o OAuth (SAML 2.0) experience is a plus

Experience

o Minimum of bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, or other data related field. Advanced degree in Computer Information Systems or Computer Science a plus

o Python / Py Spark: 5+ years

o SQL: 5+ years

o Hive : 2+ years

o JavaScript: 2+ years

o Google Cloud Platform : 1+ yr

CoreLogic offers an empowered work environment that encourages creativity, initiative and professional growth and provides a competitive salary and benefits package. CoreLogic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to attracting and retaining the best-qualified people available, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability or status as a veteran of the Armed Forces, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. CoreLogic maintains a Drug-Free Workplace. We are fully committed to employing a diverse workforce and creating an inclusive work environment that embraces everyone’s unique contributions, experiences and values. Please apply on our website for consideration.

Privacy Policy - http://www.corelogic.com/privacy.aspx

Connect with us on social media! Click on the quicklinks below to find out more about our company and associates.
