Responsible for the day to day maintenance, repair, and operations within the critical and non-critical facilities. Must possess a strong ability to act independently and make critical decisions as required. Candidate will achieve successful results by the execution of preventative maintenance program, and the ability to respond to unplanned or emergency repair situations. The candidate will possess the ability to identify and resolve engineering related items for the facilities. Must be able to provide detailed direction and assistance to third-party vendors who are hired to assist with the maintenance, installation, and repair functions. The minimum formal education generally required is a high school degree, with no less than 3 years’ experience in a related position or equivalent position.

Duties and responsibilities:
Develop, manage, implement and document all preventative maintenance (PM) programs for all critical and non-critical operation to include electrical, plumbing and HVAC
Performed the outlined maintenance programs as directed by the Chief Engineer and or Operations Manager.
Perform after hours support functions and the ability to work all shifts
Thorough knowledge of advanced plant operations and/or repairs for a wide variety of support systems including HVAC, pneumatic/DDC controls, and electrical plant operation.
Develop effective working relationship with both external/internal customers
Respond to emergency repair needs consistent with the procedures developed and implemented by the Engineering management team. Understand and demonstrate the ability to communicate with all levels of the Engineering group at the time of the emergency
Competencies
Possess strong knowledge of construction practices and equipment installations
Possess a thorough knowledge of mechanical, electrical, BAS and fire life safety systems
Possess a good understanding of critical and non-critical facility standards and processes to include change management, method of procedures, work order systems and management, safety/hazard awareness, risk, and environmental assessments.
Knowledge of municipal and Federal regulations
Ability to utilize PC software including word processing, spreadsheets, and PM programs
Knowledge of UPS systems, Transfer switches, breakers, generators, and static transfer switches.
Knowledge of control system including PLC’s, BMS’s and fire alarm
Expectations

The candidate is responsible for the support of all activities related to the engineering group and their critical support functions. They are responsible for insuring the timely and consistent delivery of all day to day services to maintain consistent and quality operations
JLL Privacy Notice

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL’s recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.

For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement.

For additional details please see our career site pages for each country.

For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here.

Jones Lang LaSalle (“JLL”) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process – you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jll.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
