Summary
*** Remote opportunity or possible relocation assistance to Minneapolis MN. ***

We exist to help people achieve financial clarity. At Thrivent, we believe money is a tool, not a goal. Driven by a higher purpose at our core, we are committed to providing financial advice, investments, insurance, banking and generosity programs to help people make the most of all they’ve been given.

At our heart, we are a membership-owned fraternal organization, as well as a holistic financial services organization, dedicated to serving the unique needs of our clients. We focus on their goals and priorities, guiding them toward financial choices that will help them live the life they want today—and tomorrow.

Join our newly created Data Office as the full-time Cloud Data Integration Engineer! We are in the early stages of a Snowflake cloud data warehouse implementation. You will be responsible for general ETL development and implementing new solutions. You will have the opportunity to help Thrivent modernize our hybrid technology solutions including the opportunity to work on modern warehousing and integration technologies. This role will require in depth understanding of cloud data integration tools and cloud data warehousing (Snowflake preferred), the ability to lead and execute to help drive and see tangible result. You will report to the Data Integration Manager.
Job Description


Job Duties and Responsibilities
Lead the implementation, execution, and maintenance of Data Integration technology solutions
Lead work to advance and support information management practices within business processes, applications and technology that underpin the EIM discipline (e.g. establishing data quality processes, performing data analysis, participating in technology implementation planning and verification to ensure successful installation of software and/or projects, implementing data integration processes, administering content, etc.).
Provide leadership for Data Integration tasks supporting projects
Lead the Management and proactive improvement of Thrivent's data by analyzing the current systems environment, leveraging proven practices, applications, technology, tools and platforms to support and enhance the information landscape.
Revenue generated
Budget responsibilities
Leads the delivery, support and maintenance of solutions with one or more business and technology areas.
Organizational impact results from mid-large sized projects
Required Job Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in MIS, Computer Science, Mathematics, Business or related field
5+ years of experience in Technology related field including prior lead experience
Advanced in-depth knowledge of data integration concepts and tools
Strong organizational, analytical, critical thinking and leadership skills
Demonstrated leadership on mid-large-scale project impacting strategic partners
Thrivent provides Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) without regard to race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law. This policy applies to all employees and job applicants.

Thrivent is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation, please let us know by sending an email to human.resources@thrivent.com or call 800-847-4836 and request Human Resources.
