Description:Sikorsky Aircraft, a Lockheed Martin company, is seeking an experienced Reliability and Maintainability Engineer to support the CH-53K helicopter program team out of our Shelton CT facility. The successful candidate will serve as a Subject Matter Expert to enable the program to translate test and repair data into actionable analysis. The individual will work as a member of an Integrated Product Team (IPT) to influence design, support detailed analysis on events that occur during Flight Test for assigned IPTs; support trending analysis, Root Cause and Corrective Action investigations, development and implementation of R&M metric tracking. The individual will also provide event scoring and Corrective Action Factor development/justification and support development of technical reports, reliability growth curves and other analyses (R&M metric predictions, Failure Mode and Effects Analysis, etc.).

Candidate will also support data entry into the Failure Reporting, Analysis & Corrective Action System (FRACAS) database via review of operations, test logs and NAVAIR maintenance databases; and capture event evidence via interviews with aircraft maintainers, pilots, U.S. Marine maintainers, photos, test/data logs. Candidate will also support daily joint preliminary-scoring with NAVAIR team members,
participate in Failure Review Boards (FRB) and provide status on FRACAS activities during program meetings.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 5 years of professional experience; or 3 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. Considered career, or journey, level.

Experienced Engineer with a proven track record performing quantitative reliability and maintainability predictions, system fault tolerance assessments, Failure Mode and Effects Analyses (FMEA), Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) and maintainability timeline evaluation. Experience working as part of an aircraft integrated development team in support of Failure Reporting and Corrective Action System (FRACAS) activities or similar aviation/aerospace industry experience.
Desired Skills:
A course of study with emphasis on numerical analysis and statistics, with knowledge of aeronautical systems, is desired.
Candidate should possess excellent written and oral communication ability and must be a self-starter that requires a minimum of supervision.
Computer familiarity with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Picture Manager (or similar photo imager
tool) and Outlook.
Experience using PTC Windchill RELEX, CAFTA, Raptor, Weibull Super-Smith, Tableau or other data query tool is preferred.
Experience in interpreting operation sheet instructions, engineering drawings and specifications. Experience supporting an aviation development / flight test program.
Federal Aviation Administration Airframe & Powerplant license and/or military aviation maintenance background is highly desirable.
Some travel may be required.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
