DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryThe incumbent for this position will serve as the Employee Development Center Front-Line Manager.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesServes as first level manager to assigned workforce consisting of engineers, technical specialists, and support personnel. Directs the work of subordinate employees at the organizational unit level. Work includes routine project/program tasks based on established policies, procedures, and guidelines. Managerial duties affect employees in one organizational unit and include setting priorities, assigning tasks, monitoring and evaluating performance, coaching and developing employee capabilities, approving leave, and taking or recommending corrective/disciplinary action as appropriate.Uses assigned budget, staff, and other resources to accomplish project/program objectives. Manages budget and requests additional resources as needed. Contributes to the budget planning process and project short-term/future needs. Applies a comprehensive knowledge of the technical aspects of the work directed and a detailed understanding of the objectives of the organizational unit.Performs professional engineering and/or project management work that could be local, limited to one Service Area, or be nationally focused. Applies both engineering and management principles and practices while maintaining schedules of review and formulating policy and operating procedures.Contacts are primarily with organization unit/major subdivision with subordinates, peers, and higher level managers. May have frequent contacts with customers to explain policies, procedures, orproject/programs.Established guidelines, policies, and procedures typically govern work. Resolves routine problems independently, but consults with higher-level management when existing guidelines are not available or applicable to complex problems.Individual and organization performance is typically reviewed periodically by higher level management, often through status reports and organizational performance measures, to ensure timeliness, policy compliance, and alignment with projects/program objectives.Work activities typically impact directly on the objectives of the organizational unit.Travel Required25% or less - The job may require up to 25% travel.Supervisory statusYesPromotion PotentialNA* Job family (Series)0801 General Engineering* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* US Citizenship is required.* Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.* Must submit an SF50 (See Required Documents)* This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required.QualificationsBasic Requirements:Degree: Professional Engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.ORCombination of education and experience. For additional information on qualification requirements, please visit the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) website at:https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdfANDTo qualify for this position, you must demonstrate in your application that you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to FV-I (FG/GS-13). Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position.Specialized experience may include but is not limited to: Work experience in any discipline of professional engineering with emphasis on project management skills.Applicants must include examples of specialized experience in their work history.Qualifications must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement.EducationThis position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page).Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration.Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html.Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered.Preview Job QuestionnaireMake sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
