About NCR NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a leading software- and services-led enterprise provider in the financial, retail and hospitality industries. NCR is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with 36,000 employees globally. NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries. Title: C# Software EngineerLocation: Dallas, TexasAre you ready to work on a new set of market leading products poised to make a splash in the industry? You can as a Software Engineer within NCR Hospitality Division.NCR Hospitality Solutions is an entrepreneurial team focused on building innovative omni channel solutions for quick and table service restaurants. In this senior role, you will join a team building Point of Sale products augmented by a web-based Back Office and customer facing user interface. You will be hands on and enjoy creating new products. You desire to work in a team of full stack developers and love working in an Agile environment. We're looking for someone who values and cares about the big picture but can execute today. Join us on the ground floor of The New NCR - a software and services innovator. We offer great opportunities and an attractive compensation package including bonus and the chance to work on a team of stellar people.Position Summary & Key Areas of Responsibility+ Designs and implements new product features and implements modifications to existing product features to include technical documentation.+ Builds and executes unit tests for new or existing application code+ Works with Customer Care team members to resolve problems with released software.+ Exhibits very high personal commitment to quality, software engineering best practices, and protection of sensitive consumer information+ Attends daily scrum meetings, sprint planning, work estimates+ Provides input into and release management decisions+ Ability to drive issues to effective resolution and to find solutions to challenging, time-critical problems+ Mentors team members and conducts code and test reviews.Basic Qualifications+ Bachelor's Degree in a Technical Discipline or equivalent work experience+ 5+ years of experience in software architecture, design, and development+ Proficient in agile processes and methods, particularly Scrum+ Experience building loosely coupled software components and services that are scalable, high quality, and extensible+ 5+ years of experience with C#, C++, ASP.NET, XML, JSON, and Relational Database experience+ Proficiency in automated unit test development practices and design methodologies+ RESTful web services and OAUTH2 authentication+ Applications, Database and SQL performance tuning experience+ Data modeling concepts and best practices+ Excellent written and verbal communication skillsPreferred Qualifications+ Cloud POS experience+ Point of Sale, Hospitalty/Retail, eCommerce, or payment processing applications+ Message Queuing technologies (MSMQ, RabbitMQ, Kafka, ActiveMQ)+ High volume, high availability solutions+ PCI compliance, secure development, and data encryption techniquesOffers of employment are conditional upon passage of screening criteria applicable to the job.EEO StatementIntegrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity and equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, military service, genetic information, or any other characteristic or conduct protected by law. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment.Statement to Third Party AgenciesTo ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.We are NCR. We power incredible experiences that make life easier. We're changing the way you bank, shop, eat and travel, enabling nearly 700 million transactions daily. How do we do it all? With iNCRedible people like you. A career here means embracing our culture and shared values, always seeking new adventures, and carving your own path. We've been around for more than 130 years and we're just getting started. Join us as we build the future of omnichannel experiences, and have fun doing it!
