Description:We are looking for a leader who will provide vision, leadership, and coordination of a diverse workforce in the Enterprise Sustainment Solutions (ESS) market. In particular, this manager will oversee teams in the F-35 Support Equipment sub-market.
This organization is a DevOps Engineering and project engineering group responsible for oversight, development and coordination of workforce planning, developing employees, adherence to systems engineering processes and program performance. DevOps Engineering shares in the oversight of technical and programmatic aspects of executing programs which requires close coordination and partnering across multiple Centers of Excellence, Program and Chiefs offices.
The selected individual will report to the ESS Second Line Manager of DevOps Engineering. The position is in Ft Worth, Texas.

To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin cultivates an inclusive work environment that inspires differences and big-picture thinking.

Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
Medical
Dental
401k
Paid time off
Work/life balance
Career development
Mentorship opportunities
Rewards & recognition
Basic Qualifications:
9 years of technical experience or 7 years of technical experience with a related Masters degree
Experience leading technical teams
Demonstrated technical depth and breadth in Systems and/or Software Engineering
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to articulate complex technical and programmatic issues to subordinates, peers, management and customers
Experience with resolving technical challenges requiring integration with cross-functional teams.
Experience generating Basis-Of Estimates (BOEs) and providing proposal support.
Experience communicating program issues/status to customers, contractors and/or upper management and building relationships
Demonstrated Full Spectrum Leadership imperatives.
Desired Skills:
Experience with the Navy, Air Force, and/or in military logistics and sustainment
Experience on F-35
Experience in Risk Management principles and Cost Savings initiatives.
Demonstrated experience successfully managing multiple efforts concurrently
EVMS/CAM experience
Current or prior experience as a First Line Manager
Demonstrated experience with Requirements data base tools (DOORS, etc.).
Understanding of Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) methods, practices, and tools.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
