Wiring Installation Engineer

Location: Fort Worth, TX

Description

The Wiring Installation Engineer is responsible for wiring installation design on Bell's H-1 platform, utilizing 3/D CATIA V4, V6, and Unigraphics. Tasks include wire harness routing design from conceptual design to final design, equipment installation design, and detail part design including harness and equipment provisioning.

Position Responsibilities:
Development of Engineering drawings, of installation design, equipment design, and detail part design.
Ability to navigate ENOVIA document creation, route creation, and document release
Ability to read and understand, Wiring Diagrams, System Architecture, Equipment Lists, Parts List, Component Data Sheets and related Engineering documents.
Ability to coordinate with other groups and disciplines including Wire Data Design, Airframe, Fluid Systems, etc. for product development
Ability to lead team activities and coordinate planning and execution of multi-discipline tasks.
Knowledge of Wire Harness construction and troubleshooting techniques preferred.
Knowledge of the H-1 Aircraft Platform preferred.
Qualifications

Education Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree with relevant experience and demonstrated proficiency in discipline - is required.
Position Requirements:
5+ years of relevant experience with wiring installation on military aircraft is required.
Strong experience with CATIA V4, CATIA V5, and/or CATIA V6 (preferred), in systems installation design is required.
Experience with utilizing Unigraphics for system installation design is required.
Butler America Aerospace, LLC. is proud to provide an equal opportunity workplace and be an affirmative action employer. Consider Butler because we are committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We recognize that we thrive on diversity for the benefit of our employees, our customers, and the communities where we are located. Employment with Butler America Aerospace, LLC. is governed on the basis of qualifications and competence without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
