Transforming the future of healthcare isn't something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact.As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities.Here at Change Healthcare, we're using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life.If you're ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that's committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare.Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all.Empower Your Future. Make a Difference.We are looking for software engineers to work on an extremely exciting project new to Change Healthcare. If you would like to participate in a green-field, AWS-based set of applications using microservice, and serverless technology, this is the team for you. We will be building a strong, close-knit team that will work in a DevOps environment and will contain both strong API and UI components. We have a strong mentoring atmosphere and work in an agile environment with a high degree of cooperation. If you would like to be on the cutting edge of healthcare technology, this is a rare opportunity.Responsibilities and background:* Plans, designs, develops, and tests software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products including cloud-based or internet-related tools.* A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of the area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways.* This job is a fully qualified, career-oriented, journey-level position.* Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors.* Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions.* Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise.* Normally receives little instruction on day-to-day work, general instructions on new assignments.* AWS experience is preferred, of course, but not necessary.* We have a high success rate in teaching AWS as well as other technologies.* The main requirement for this position is a strong sense of curiosity, the desire to learn, and the ability to work well in a team.Minimum Qualification:5 + years of Software development experienceAdditional Skills:AWS Cloud experience preferredStrong communication SkillsEducation:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science; Master's degree or a Ph.D. preferred.Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action StatementChange Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.
