We
are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and design the first
functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission and brought
advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of
on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company with superb
talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences.

General
Responsibilities:
Labor Base/Manpower
Develop Process/Procedures
Metric Development and Maintenance
AOP Capital & Headcount
Man, Machine, and Tool capacity assessments
Capital planning
Standards/Span/Order Policy/Work Structure/Routing Maintenance
Metric/Target Development
Business Case development
Project Management
Work Flow
Cost Out
Project management
Specific
Responsibilities:
Kinaxis Rapid Response Constraints Management Maintenance and
Authoring
Kinaxis Rapid Response Data Validation and Analysis
S&OP Supply Analysis & COE Coordination
QV-Mfg Perf. Open Load Variance Reporting & Analysis
Coordination
QV-Mfg Perf. SME for COE & Assembly Centers
Outcomes:
Timely and accurate Manpower / Tool and Equipment Capacity
Analysis
Timely and accurate update and prep for Ops Forum / Decision Forum
Timely and accurate update and prep for Quarterly Business Review (QBR)
Key
Relationship / Interface:
COE Sr. Managers of Production Support and COE Industrial
Engineering Managers
COE General Managers, Material Management VP and Supply Chain VP
Government and other regulatory bodies as it relates to compliance
and audit responsibilities
Education and Experience Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering, Engineering
Technology or related disciplines
10 years of experience in aerospace or related manufacturing
industry
Green Belt or Black Belt certified is desired.
Demonstrated experience as an Industrial Engineer supporting aerospace
manufacturing and/or assembly. Experience with Kinaxis Rapid Response.
Preferred
Qualifications:
Green Belt or Black Belt certification is desired
Demonstrated experience as an Industrial Engineer supporting
aerospace manufacturing and/or assembly
Experience with Kinaxis Rapid Response
Don’t
miss the chance to join a diverse, inclusive environment where you feel a sense
of belonging. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate
with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where unique experiences, backgrounds and
ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond
flight.
