We are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and
design the first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission
and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the
future of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company
with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift
experiences.

Rotor System Analysis Engineer:

The Rotor System Analysis Engineer at Bell is responsible for
analysis activities related to preparation and release of engineering data for
complex rotor system components including blades, hubs, swashplates, shafts,
bearings and other supporting components as well as subsystem integration.
Furthermore, the Rotor System Analysis Engineer supports the manufacturing,
assembly and validation of these mechanical components. Finally, the Rotor
System Analysis Engineer ensures compliance with all best practices, customer
and industry specifications in support of air vehicle performance and safety
requirements. This position is located at Bell’s headquarters facility in Ft.
Worth, TX.
Position Responsibilities
Create detail, assembly and installation rotor system design
definition utilizing FEM software and other various analytical tools.
Support manufacturing and testing of rotor system components and
sub-systems interpreting technical data and assisting in product improvements.
Improve detail, assembly and installation rotor system design
definition utilizing FEM software and other various analytical tools.
Participate in a cross functional team environment completing a
variety of objectives depending on the program lifecycle assigned.
Advance the state-of-the-art rotor system through creative
thought, personal and team research, technical compliance and strong analysis
skills.
Methods include the use of ANSYS and a balance of classical hand
calculations and FE tools to develop high performance rotor structures.
Education Requirements:
BS Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering. MS preferred.
Position Requirements:
Minimum of 5 years in structural analysis of rotor components is preferred.
Aerospace industry mechanical engineering analysis of rotor system components such as blades, hubs, swashplate, bearings, shafting, etc.
Significant experience with mechanical design analysis tools such as ANSYS, NASTRAN, PATRAN, Mathcad, Matlab, etc.
Working knowledge of GD&T requirements.
Proficiency with basic office computer software, specifically the Microsoft office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment and ability to articulate technical data and concepts to a wide audience of individuals of different technical backgrounds
Demonstrated ability to organize and prioritize a variety of activities and tasks while dealing with change
Strong analytical ability
High level of understanding of fatigue
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
Previous experience working in a precision manufacturing environment focused on rotor system components such as blades, hubs, swashplate, bearings, shafting, etc.
Experience working with PLM software such as ENOVIA to drive product lifecycle
Previous experience working on cross functional engineering programs
Proficiency with engineering design definition including 2D/3D modeling, requirement capture and specification development
Experience performing/supporting crack growth analysis (Developing stress gradients, betas, etc.)
Our most cherished core value is to Lift Each Other up, creating a diverse and inclusive environment. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where differences in experiences, backgrounds, and ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
