Drive System Analysis Engineer

We are
pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and to design the
first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission and
brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future
of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to work for an
iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical
lift experiences.

The Drive System Analysis Engineer is
responsible for analysis activities related to preparation and release of
engineering data for complex mechanical components including gears, bearings,
shafts, housings and other supporting components as well as subsystem
integration for our FARA Program. The Engineer supports the manufacturing,
assembly and validation of these mechanical components and ensures compliance
with all best practices, customer and industry specifications in support of air
vehicle performance and safety requirements. This position is located at Bell’s
Ft. Worth, TX headquarters facility.

Position Responsibilities:
Create detail, assembly and installation drive system
design definition utilizing FEM software and other various analytical
tools for FARA.
Support manufacturing and testing of drive system
components and sub-systems interpreting technical data and assisting in
product improvements for FARA.
Improve detail, assembly and installation drive system
design definition utilizing FEM software and other various analytical
tools.
Participate in a cross functional team environment
completing a variety of objectives depending on the program lifecycle
assigned.
Advance the state-of-the-art drive system through
creative thought, personal and team research, technical compliance and
strong analysis skills.
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical or Aerospace
engineering is required.
Other equivalent engineering disciplines will be
considered with sufficient applicable experience.
Master’s Degree in the Engineering as described above
is preferred.
Position Requirements:
8 years of Mechanical Engineering Analysis experience
in the following areas: Aerospace or automotive environment, focused on
mechanical components such as gears, bearings, shafting, etc. is required.
Manufacturing experience focused on mechanical
component manufacturing processes such as metal machining, heat
treatments, and other specialized processes is required.
Utilization of NASTRAN and PATRAN. Mathcad, Matlab, FEM
software (ANSYS, etc.), AB Jones, KIMOS, AGMA related analysis tools, etc.
Experience working with PLM software such as ENOVIA to
drive product lifecycle.
Previous experience working on cross functional
engineering programs is preferred.
Proficiency with engineering design definition
including 2D/3D modeling, requirement capture, and specification
development is required.
Must have working knowledge of GD&T requirements.
Proficiency with basic office computer software,
specifically the Microsoft office suite (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook,
etc.) is required.
Must have demonstrated ability to work in a team
environment and ability to articulate technical data and concepts to a
wide audience of individuals of different technical backgrounds.
Must have demonstrated ability to organize and
prioritize a variety of activities and tasks while dealing with change.
Must have a strong analytical ability.
Our most cherished core value is to
Lift Each Other up, creating a diverse and inclusive environment. As a member
of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic
teams where differences in experiences, backgrounds, and ideas combined with a
strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
