We are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and design the first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences.

Bell in Fort Worth, TX has an immediate opening for a full stack Lifecycle Data Software Engineer for Advanced Vertical Lift Systems (AVLS). This this role, you will support full stack software development to achieve digital objectives for our Future Vertical Lift platforms. These objectives will support every phase of the aircraft lifecycle including design, manufacturing, and sustainment including establishing the Digital Threads and Digital Twins.

This position is responsible for designing, developing back-end, middleware, and front-end elements of new platforms with integration to existing platforms. Collaboration with other cross-functional teams is required to evaluate, design, and implement use cases.
Position Responsibilities:
Work in an agile team with Engineers and Product Owner to develop creative data-driven solutions that meet business and technical initiatives
Collaborate within a team to evaluate architecture and design tradeoffs to develop solutions
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code.
Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems.
Demonstrate open minded and collaborative approach to creating innovative technical solutions
Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization.
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and shared knowledge.
Should be able to customize and maintain code for enterprise environment.
Support teammates by continuing to learn and grow.
Handle end-to-end development, including coding, testing, and debugging during each cycle
Participate in early product demonstrations to customers.
Develop automated tests for multiple scopes (Unit, System, Integration, Regression)
Identify and recommend appropriate continuous improvement opportunities
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in technical or business discipline OR in lieu of degree at least 5 years of work experience in software development may be considered equivalent to a Bachelor’s degree.
Position Requirements:

At least 8 years of related object-oriented software development experience, using agile methodologies.
Well versed in diverse technologies and new technical architecture principles and concepts
Experience developing back end data warehouse technology solutions using SQL
Experience developing middle ware using Python
Experience developing front end web interfaces using Javascript/NodeJS
Experience working with cloud architectural concepts
Well versed in diverse technologies and new technical architecture principles and concepts
Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative, and be a logical thinker
Must be team oriented with strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required
Preferred Education, Skills and Experience:

Technical Bachelors / Masters degree
Familiarity with container-based deployment via Docker/ECS/Kubernetes
Experience with User Experience design considerations
Experience in aerospace design or sustainment
Army Aviation Enterprise Systems and Network
Experience with IOT/ SaaS development desired
Don’t miss the chance to join a diverse, inclusive environment where you feel a sense of belonging. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where unique experiences, backgrounds and ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
