We are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and design the first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA's first lunar mission and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences.

Airframe Structural Analysis Engineer

Bell is seeking a self-motivated Airframe Structural Analysis Engineer to join Bell's V-280 Valor Team and support the development of this new product. The Airframe Structural Analysis Engineer is responsible for analyzing airframe structures for stress and strength requirements, material selection, stiffness requirements, weight optimization, and performance for Bell's Military and Commercial Programs. This position is based at Bell's Ft. Worth, TX headquarters facility.

Position Responsibilities:
Responsible for performing detailed analysis of advanced composite and metallic structure using classical hand calculations and FE tools to develop high performance airframe structures
Performs diverse and complex product development, modification, and evaluation of components, by applying engineering principles
Applies scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure the outcome and consequence of design, in terms of stress, strength, life, stiffness, and weight, providing alternatives as needed
Oversees and monitors product acceptance procedures and parameters to achieve product reliability and safety standards (e.g. failure analysis)
Utilizes and interprets predictive models to simulate and verify design concepts. Performs static analysis using industry standard calculations methods (i.e. Bruhn, Roark Flabel, and O.E.M. structures manuals)
Apply basic engineering principles/concepts to complete tasks under the supervision of the technical lead engineer
Contributes to the completion milestones associated with specific projects (e.g. create functional diagrams and system layouts; review detailed drawings and schematics; define data structure, interfaces and analyze material requirements)
Demonstrates basic knowledge of aircraft structure and Bell design and production processes
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or Civil Engineering with focus on structural analysis, is required
Position Requirements:
At least 5 years' experience in Aerospace structural analysis experience, including knowledge of structural analysis and fatigue.
Experience in Helicopter structural design is preferred, including composites.
Must have the ability to communicate efficiently and effectively to coordinate design and analysis activities, prioritize tasks, and report status to design leads.
Must be able to build and maintain effective relationships with customers, internal and external suppliers, as well as horizontal integrations across the other teams to complete design tasks.
PC proficiency in NASTRAN / PATRAN, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
Must have the ability to work effectively within a team.
Must have the ability to prioritize a variety of assignments.
Good interpersonal and organizational skills are required.
Don't miss the chance to join a diverse, inclusive environment where you feel a sense of belonging. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where unique experiences, backgrounds and ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
