NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Sr Data Engineer Hadoop to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

Job Responsibilities
Support the data platform.
Write well designed, testable, efficient code.
Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications.
Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies.
Perform all other duties as needed.
Develop data mappings to existing data sources.
Develop data requirements for new data sources.
Define new business data models.
Provide technical leadership on data protection technologies to the development team by designing solutions and blueprints for large data protection projects and guiding them on their day to day work
Recommends programming and development, standards and procedures for application teams.
Create data models in both traditional and in Big Data technologies
Provide strategic and architectural direction to address unique business problems.
Researches and maintains knowledge in emerging technologies and possible application to the business.
Work on large data sets and interpret meaningful inferences.
Implementation of security and data protection
Skills & Experience
Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate.
7 years of IT experience with 5 years' experience as a Data engineer
1 year of experience working on the Hadoop platform
1 year of Development experience Scala & SPARK
Expertise managing large datasets
SQL and UNIX scripting skills.
Experience with Cloudera and Hortonworks data platforms
Experience in working with EDW, Data masking, Data migration kind of projects
Data model analysis of large databases with up to 1000 tables and Sensitive data analysis for larger and different Databases, Files.
Experience with Bigdata technologies and tools such as Apache Hadoop/Cloudera/MapR/HortonWorks, HDFS, MapReduce, Spark, Big Data querying tools (such as Pig, Hive, Impala), NoSQL databases (such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB)
Exposure to cloud technology like Azure, Google
Nice to have skills:
Experience with IntelliJ
Experience with Mongo
python & pyspark
Implement tokenization and encryption solutions using various Protegrity protector components such as Application Protector, File Protector, Database Protector, Bigdata Protectors, etc.
Experience in Health Care Payer Domain
Experience Protegrity is added advantage
Understanding of payer domain business process and application (custom or packaged application) to support testing activity like enrollment, quote to card, claim processing and payment etc.
Hands-on experience with scripting languages like python
Basic Qualifications:
Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate.
7 years of IT experience with 5 years' experience as a Data engineer
1 year of experience working on the Hadoop platform
1 year of Development experience Scala & SPARK
About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.

Nearest Major Market: Plano
Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas
Job Segment:
Database, Consulting, SQL, Unix, Technology
