The Data Analytics Lead Analyst is a strategic professional who stays abreast of developments within own field and contributes to directional strategy by considering their application in own job and the business. Recognized technical authority for an area within the business. Requires basic commercial awareness. There are typically multiple people within the business that provide the same level of subject matter expertise. Developed communication and diplomacy skills are required in order to guide, influence and convince others, in particular colleagues in other areas and occasional external customers. Significant impact on the area through complex deliverables. Provides advice and counsel related to the technology or operations of the business. Work impacts an entire area, which eventually affects the overall performance and effectiveness of the sub-function/job family. Responsibilities: Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Contributes to data analytics standards around which others will operate. Applies in-depth understanding of how data analytics collectively integrate within the sub-function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the entire function. Employs developed communication and diplomacy skills are required in order to guide, influence and convince others, in particular colleagues in other areas and occasional external customers. Resolves occasionally complex and highly variable issues. Produces detailed analysis of issues where the best course of action is not evident from the information available, but actions must be recommended/ taken. Responsible for volume, quality, timeliness and delivery of data science projects along with short-term planning resource planning. Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 6-10 years experience usisng codes for statistical modeling of large data sets Education: Bachelors/University degree or equivalent experience, potentially Masters degree This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. 8+ years of overall experience in Information Technology and Systems 4+ years in Big data, Hadoop and Hadoop-ecosystems Must have experience troubleshooting applications/jobs running on big data platform Monitoring and controlling the performance and status of technology components, and providing technology component support and problem resolution Experienced in anticipating problems and taking decisive action to solve issues proactively Good understanding of RHEL OS concepts, process management and resource scheduling Good Understanding of Server Resources - networking, CPU, memory and storage Analyze multi-tenancy job execution issues and resolve Experienced in deployment and Administration for different Hadoop distribution for leading organizations, which deal with strong enterprise-scale solutions architecture and implementation. Experience with analytic or feature engineer programming (Python or Scala or Java). Experience with ETL framework (Talend, AbInitio) Experience with Confluent Kafka a plus Experience with Big Data Cloud Services on GCP and AWS a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
