MITRE performs leading-edge research
and development toward transformational solutions to our world’s most
challenging problems. Our Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development is a
Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) established to serve
as strategic partners to the federal government and various aviation groups
around the world. Our engineers, analysts, technical and operational experts
team solve problems in the public interest that improve the safety and
efficiency of the airspace system in the U.S. and abroad.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis
department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills
to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure
trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging
problems to solve. We are seeking someone with aviation experience and skills
in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application
development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch,
Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, and summarization
mean something to you and you’ve applied them to aviation data, we want to talk
to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have
hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data,
and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will
work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories
of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the
aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both
individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing
anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety
data
Leveraging
AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting
safety hazards
Increasing
the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly
integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst
expertise
Develop and
prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and
maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes
using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct
quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing
retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques
that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a
variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment
to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable
aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s
Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics,
Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on
Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience
or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to
work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer
research questions
Excellent
Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a
non-technical audience)
Proven
ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes,
languages, platforms, systems
Strong
analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter
with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred
Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience
with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc.
Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience
with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data
Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web
Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical
experience with statistical analysis
Experience
with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization,
search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g.
Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert
software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good
production quality code
