Description:

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics. Be More Than You Can Imagine.

The F-35 CNI Electronics Subsystem Engineer Sr. will support the F-35 Communications, Navigation and Identification (CNI) team in utilizing various systems engineering practices to design complex hardware and software subsystems. Responsibilities include supporting the development of requirements and processes pertaining to numerous subsystems. The scope of activities may include requirements analysis, architecture and interface development, integration, support to formal test and delivery, and participation in technical reviews.

This position requires interaction, planning and coordination with multiple hardware and software development teams, aircraft engineering and data engineering/maintenance teams within various programs. Candidate will work with other senior engineers, systems engineers and project engineers to provide documents to convey customer and supplier(s) requirement relationships.

A level 3 employee Typically has 5 - 10 years of professional experience.

Candidate must be able to obtain a secret clearance.

Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
Medical
Dental
401k
Paid time off
Work/life balance
Career development
Mentorship opportunities
Rewards & recognition

Learn more about Lockheed Martins comprehensive benefits package here.

This position is in Fort Worth, TX Discover Fort Worth.

EngineeringAeronautics
AeroMissionSystems
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, computer science, or related engineering/technical field.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience.
Desired Skills:
Experience in the following:
Agile/Scrum Development
Supplier Management
Experience with avionic sub-systems
Specific knowledge and hands on experience with CNI subsystems.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
