Position Description


Dynetics, a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos, is seeking a talented Weapons and Sensors engineer or scientist to join a diverse team to create unique modeling, simulation, and analysis solutions for complex weapon and sensor systems. With offices across the United States engaging in the defense, space, cyber and commercial fields, Dynetics provides responsive, cost-effective engineering, scientific and IT solutions.

Dynetics' National Intelligence Department is seeking an engineer or scientist with weapon or sensor system experience to support the United States Intelligence Community. The engineer/scientist in this role will analyze and transform intelligence data into software models that further our understanding of foreign threat systems. Following development, the models must then be integrated and maintained in multidisciplinary simulations for use in analyzing the capability of these threat systems within complex environments.

IND3
Basic Qualifications


-Candidate must possess a Bachelor's (or Master's) Degree from an ABET accredited school in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Software Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Science or an equivalent degree with 3+ years of applicable experience.

-Candidate must have Matlab/Simulink experience.

-Windows programming skills in C/C++, Java, and Python are a plus as is experience with Linux development.

-Candidate must be a resident of the North Alabama area or willing to relocate to the Huntsville - North Alabama, AL area.

Other Qualifications
The preferred candidate will already possess an active DoD security clearance, or higher, and will be able to possess a Top Secret clearance.
The preferred candidate will also have prior experience (or education) with design, analysis, and/or modeling and simulation of sensor and weapon systems.
RF, EO/IR, dynamics, controls, and signal and image processing experience is particularly desirable.
Security Requirements


Candidate must be a US Citizen and possess (and be able to maintain) a Final Top Secret/SSBI Clearance or meet the eligibility to obtain (and maintain) a Final Top Secret Clearance.
Job Number:
01.01.14-1

Closing Date:
07/18/2020

#CJ
