Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

The IT Data Solutions Architecture group, within Enterprise Core Services Data Technology, is seeking the expertise of an experienced Microsoft SQL Server Database Analyst to design, engineer, build, analyze, install, configure, monitor, support, and maintain data services Microsoft SQL Server technologies for analytics and operational reporting on corporate architectures.

In this role, you will be responsible for working on medium-to-high database and data services projects, engineer and build data solutions compliant with enterprise architecture, and providing subject matter expertise on Microsoft technologies. You will conduct moderate to complex database technology and system configurations, component architecture for multiple analytic and reporting database components and processes. You will act as a liason for data services in the support and implementation of Microsoft technologies with business partners, database analysts, and technical management across the Wells Fargo enterprise.

Responsibilities include:
Provide engineering, build, analysis and design support for data related projects and enhancements across all SDLC environments, including problem tickets, work requests, and work order and other issue resolution paths.
Partner closely with architecture in the implementation, development, and support across all environments to address performance and scalability needs based on business and technical requirements.
Responsible for support and the deployment of data architecture and policy principles and the design for improvement of the strategic use of enterprise data.
Implementing the conceptual architecture designs (CADs) provided by architecture, infrastructure, and ensuring architectural alignment of data solutions for servicing data across the enterprise.
Recommend and monitoring optimization processes for data services in compliance with enterprise policy.
Develop and maintain documentation on implementation steps, technical procedures, knowledge base materials in collaboration with other database analysts, architecture, and business partners.
Required Qualifications
7+ years of database design and administration experience
7+ years of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) experience
7+ years of SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) experience
7 + years of SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) experience
6+ years of SQL experience
6+ years of experience with data analysis and documentation
5+ years of data modeling experience
5+ years of experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) tools
1+ year of experience with encryption technologies
Desired Qualifications
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Strong analytical and technical skills
Knowledge and understanding of data warehouse application design and development
Other Desired Qualifications
3+ years of system administration experience across multiple platforms
4+ years of experience troubleshooting environments across the entire architecture (i.e. applications to infrastructure)
Experience integrating with the Business Intelligence Competency Center (BICC) solutions: Tableau, Microsoft BI, PowerBI, MicroStrategy, Cognos, SAP Business Objects, SAS for operational analytics and reporting.
Excellent communication skills with an inate ability to interact with all levels of an organization
Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
