Description:The selected candidate will provide technical support to cross functional teams to achieve a digital transformation of the business. This role must have a working knowledge of CATIA V5 & 3DX Training Experience. As a part of the Digital Transformation Organization (DTO) within CAD/CAM & PLM Engineering Team, the primary functions for selected candidate is providing CATIA V5, 3DX Experience, and PLM training to various functional teams including design, analysis, manufacturing, tooling, sustainment, and other specialty engineering. The secondary functions for selected candidate are include providing aerospace design expertise to support the development and deployment of related CAD/CAM & PLM capabilities. Coordinate with the Aero IT organization to develop and deliver viable tools for the CAD/CAM & PLM user community. Develop supporting documentation (methods, standards, processes and training) to support tool implementation. Perform capability validation of tool and process requirements. Deliver prerequisite Engineering Dataset Standards, Methods, updates to the Engineering Process Control Manual and other documentation required in support of the CAD/CAM & PLM tools. Review documentation and design artifacts for completeness, overlapping requirements and solutions, and reuse opportunities. Support resolution of technical issues within the CAD/CAM & PLM environment. Work with stakeholders to ensure project goals and program expectations are successfully met. Facilitate discussions and dissemination of technical decisions and pertinent information.

The selected applicant will be a member of a dynamic multisite team and must be self-motivated with a strong work ethic, time-management, and interpersonal skills. Frequent interaction with Program and Engineering personnel require effective communication skills both oral and written. The ability to travel on occasion for team interaction or Program support is required.

Must be a US citizen. This position requires special access and will require a Secret security clearance.

EngineeringAeronautics
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors or Above Degree in an Engineering Discipline.
Proficient in CATIA V5, 3DX, and PLM application.
Required strong communication skills to deal with technical employees.
Experience in engineering design release process in Aerospace or defense industry.
Proficient with Microsoft Office tools.
Desired Skills:
Preferred Engineering Disciplines are Aerospace, Mechanical, or Civil
Experience with Aerospace industry Build-To-Package
release tools
Experience with Product Lifecycle Management and / or 3DX CAD Data Management tools
Experience with MS Windows and Unix operating systems
Familiarity with Configuration Management concepts
Prefer CATIA Certifications
Experience in ENOVIA, DELMIA, and SIMULIA.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
