Two Sigma is a different kind of investment manager. Since 2001, we have used data science and technology to derive insights that forecast the future and discover value in markets worldwide. Our team of scientists, technologists and academics looks beyond traditional finance to understand the bigger picture and develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most difficult economic problems. Our work spans markets and industries, from insurance and securities to private investments and new ventures.

We are seeking a business / data analyst to join our Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) team. Our group supports the firm’s Management Committee and business leads by producing key metrics highlighting the financial performance of the firm and each of the business units in order to drive critical business decisions. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to shape and influence the growth and strategy of the firm through insightful, data-driven analyses.

You will take on the following responsibilities:
Manage our financial data platform by partnering with engineering to maintain and design reporting/analytic tools
Enhance existing data schema and improve process management
Deliver analyses on business unit profitability and resource / cost allocations to support decision making
Partner with business leaders to deliver the annual budget, along with quarterly updates, outlining the strategic outlook of the firm
Act as the key contact for expense analytics across our various business units and key initiatives
Future responsibilities will include:
Partnering with business leaders to launch new business initiatives / product development
Instituting innovative reporting, analytics, and policy to influence behavior across the firm
Incorporating FP&A practices across Modeling, Engineering and Corporate areas (e.g. cost optimization, resource allocations, etc.)
Project lead on high exposure initiatives across the firm
You should possess the following qualifications:
1-5 years of relevant work experience (business analytics)
Bachelor’s degree in Finance/Computer Science/Engineering/Mathematics or related field
Ability to work with structured data
Experience with programming languages (ex. Python, SQL)
Strong analytical and financial modeling skills
Attention to detail
Strong Excel skills
Excellent communication and presentation skills
You will enjoy the following benefits:
Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, competitive 401k match, employer-paid life & disability insurance
Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms
Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship
Time Off: Generous vacation and unlimited sick days, competitive paid caregiver leaves
We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.
