Software Engineer - AJ072018


Puglish Date: 07/12/2018

Application End Date: 07/26/2018
Vastika, Inc. seeks Software Engineers in Irving, TX (and other US locations as needed).

Duties: Translate business requirements into implementation process by considering all alternatives and implementing the best strategy to ensure design meets performance, usability, and reliability and scalability requirements. Research new technologies independently to make judgment and recommendations for future releases. Participate in the definition of both functional and non-functional requirements of a system and defines the development strategy, standards and support tools. Write source code, adapt existing components, and tests the developed components as units creating test stubs and test data as necessary. Require an understanding of the overall system architecture and the impact of changes to the system. Define and ensure compliance to standards and best practices for development including change management, release management, & source code control. Develop Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Coverage and Test Execution Reports to support the automation effort. Implement Agile testing methodologies, can make and keep time commitments made for each SPRINT. Adherence to software engineering best practices and standards using JAVA, SQL, and XML. Understands web services (REST, SOAP) & underlying protocols (HTTP/S, TCP/IP) in multilayer QA test frameworks. Experience with designing, developing and the execution of reusable and maintainable automated scripts. Extensive object oriented analysis, design & development experience within QA test automation process. Organizes and records detailed test results; provides reports of results and project status. Identification and design of automated processes to increase testing efficiency and reliability. Conduct peer code reviews and mentor junior associates. Collaborate with other technical resources to: Suggest improvements for processes, best practices, and standards. Design and develop automated tests and/or assistive productivity tools. Understand requirements. Identify opportunities to improve maintainability of automation platform.

Requires a Requires a Bachelor's degree in Management, Information Technology, Engineering, Computer Science or related field plus 5 years of experience. In the alternative, employer will accept a Master's degree in the aforementioned fields plus 1 year of experience. Required experience must include: - any amount of prior experience in QA Testing. - any amount of prior experience in agile (SCRUM) project delivery environments. - any amount of prior experience with SWE testing. - any amount of prior experience with Java-based web applications (J2EE, Servlets) and Web Services (REST, SOAP). - any amount of prior experience in all phases of SDLC. - any amount of prior experience with all of the following: Cucumber, HTML, SOATest, QuickTest Professional, Sahi, Selenium, and SoapUI. Domestic travel required as needed. Employer will accept any suitable combination of education and experience as described above.

Must also have authority to work permanently in the U.S. Applicants who are interested in this position may apply https://www.jobpostingtoday.com/ Ref # 61607.
