ABOUT FANDUEL GROUP

FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products all built with one goal in mind — to give fans new and innovative ways to interact with their favorite games, sports, teams, and leagues. That's no easy task, which is why we're so dedicated to building a winning team. And make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we'll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we're committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give.

FanDuel Group is based in New York, with offices in California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon and Scotland. Our brands include:
FanDuel — A game-changing real-money fantasy sports app
FanDuel Sportsbook — America's #1 sports betting app
TVG — The best-in-class horse racing TV/media network and betting platform
FanDuel Racing — A horse racing app built for the average sports fan
FanDuel Casino & Betfair Casino — Fan-favorite online casino apps
FOXBet — A world-class betting platform
PokerStars — The premier online poker product
THE POSITION
Our roster has an opening with your name on it

We are looking for a Reporting Data Analyst to join our growing Analytics team working with all aspects of regulatory and compliance reporting. You will work with Engineering, Compliance and regulatory stakeholders to ensure that reports produce accurate, timely results.

THE GAME PLAN
Everyone on our team has a part to play
Work with internal and external stakeholders to specify requirements for regulatory and compliance reports
Use your experience with SQL to design and develop reports in a number of databases
Collaborate with Engineering to develop databases in support of current and future reporting needs
Take ownership of the schedule of reports, investigating and remediating any issues related to accuracy or availability
Identifying and acting on opportunities to further improve regulatory and compliance reporting
Supporting internal stakeholders in Compliance, Legal and other departments with data analysis
THE STATS
What we're looking for in our next teammate
Highly numerate Bachelor's degree
1-2 years' experience working with data, reporting and analysis
Strong technical and analytic skills – SQL and Python are essential, Excel is nice to have
Experience using automation and visualization tools to deliver information to a range of stakeholders
Experience of analyzing and manipulating large data sets across multiple data sources
Desire to learn new technical skills and practice continuous personal development
THE CONTRACT
We treat our team right

Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:
An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth
Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love
Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game
Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel
Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms
FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential.
