Our Mission

Move people.

Our Values

We are independent. Creative. Gutsy. We aren’t afraid to dream big. We are accountable. To our customers. To our cities. To each other. We are humble. Human. Lighthearted. We take our work seriously, but not ourselves.

Mobility is the lifeblood of urban environments and cities need affordable, emissions-free transportation options that are free of delays. We believe that shared electric mopeds will become an integral part of transit networks, filling gaps not served by bike share, car share, scooter share, or public transit.

About the role

We’re looking for a data scientist who can quickly and easily learn their way around a variety of data structures and technology. With access to warehouses of real-time geospatial data as well as business operations data, this role will work with the rest of the Data Science team to develop both predictive and descriptive reporting, visualize data, and automate associated processes. You will report to the Senior Analyst, Data Science and Analytics.

Requirements

Technical
2-3 years experience working as a data scientist/data analyst
An applied understanding of machine learning and other modeling techniques
Experience working with large data sets - geospatial data is a plus
Strong knowledge of R, Python and SQL, particularly Postgres and PostGIS
Experience with data visualization tools
Familiarity with AWS services such as Kinesis, S3, EC2, RDS, and Redshift
Ability to quickly understand new technologies and data environments
Experience with a Unix-based operating system
Non-technical
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to summarize key findings into clear and actionable recommendations, and to interact with individuals at all levels.
Strong project management skills and ability to plan and prioritize work in a fast-paced environment.
Sense of urgency and an ability to multitask
Team player and willing to pick up extra responsibilities as required
You are enthusiastic, reliable, and hardworking
You take your work seriously but not yourself
Responsibilities
Understand business needs across multiple tiers (for example, executive, operations and logistics, business strategy, customer acquisition and retention)
Build deep knowledge of relevant internal and external data repositories
Translate data into meaningful and insightful information for business users via appropriate tools
Work collaboratively with operations, customer success, marketing, product, finance, and other departments to help answer questions and define KPIs
Prioritize and respond to ad hoc requests for information from the business and productionalize as necessary
Build and automate visualizations and reporting
