About Ro
Founded in 2017, Ro is a patient-driven telehealth company that puts you in control of your health. We’re patients, just like you, building technology to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and maybe even enjoyable. Ro powers three digital health clinics -- Roman for men’s health, Rory for women’s health, and Zero for fighting smoking addiction -- as well as Ro Pharmacy, a simple and affordable online pharmacy where every medication is $5 per month. The company’s nationwide networking of physicians and pharmacies provides a personalized, end-to-end healthcare experience from online treatment to the delivery of medication and ongoing care. Ro was named #2 in Wellness on Fast Company’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, and listed by Inc. Magazine as a Best Place to Work in 2020.

As a Data Analyst, Product you will guide a product squad’s strategy and roadmap. This means everything from leading strategic analyses to inform decision-making and prioritization, to measuring product feature performance, to building out data availability and BI solutions, to brainstorming approaches to unstructured problems. You are analytical and technical, and you can communicate excellently with non-technical and technical stakeholders alike. You thrive in a startup setting, where every day is different and the problems that you’re tackling often don’t have established solutions. You are exceptionally thorough. You have a bias for action, and you love leveraging data to help our members become a healthier version of themselves.

If you think this position sounds like it could be a fit for you, please consider Ro Data’s pitch to prospective candidates.

Organizationally, this is an “embedded” Data Team position, meaning that you will be a member of the Data Team embedded within your respective product squad. For some of the nuts and bolts of how an embedded analyst works across these two groups, please see policies and philosophies for embedded analysts.
What you’ll do:
Leverage data to shape your product squad's strategy, providing support and/or leadership wherever needed.
Own projects that span disparate groups with varying levels of technical fluency from end-to-end.
Communicate not just findings, but also your recommendations to key stakeholders and leadership. You’ll use your insights to advocate for our members, physicians and pharmacists in everything we do.
Build a data-driven culture wherever you turn, from working with PMs on KPIs, to partnering with engineers on data models, to making sure that all decisions accurately utilize the most powerful data available.
Play a critical role in attacking opaque, unstructured problems; develop core analytic frameworks that shape the way the company thinks about our business.
Build out data availability and business intelligence solutions for your team.
Perform exploratory analyses and in-depth research on large data sets to uncover, size and advocate for opportunities that improve the member experience and key growth KPIs like member conversion and retention

What you’ll bring:
2+ years of full-time working experience in quantitative analysis roles
Expert-level SQL skills
Strong experience using BI tools (ours is Looker) to effectively convey information
A track record of strong communication successes, from presentations to technical documentation
Strong problem solving skills, analytical aptitude, and numerical dexterity
The ability to bring structure to initially unstructured domains
Demonstrated track record of project ownership
You care about improving the state of healthcare and have a personal connection to the space

Bonus points:
Working knowledge of Python and associated analytics libraries (Pandas, etc.)
Experience setting up and evaluating experiments
Familiarity with Unix/the command line.

Benefits + Perks:
Full medical, dental, and vision insurance + OneMedical membership
Healthcare and Dependent Care FSA
Commuter benefits
401(k)
Unlimited PTO
Fitness reimbursement
Paid maternity/parental leave
We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders, and sexuality to apply.

See our California Privacy Policy here.
