If interested, please reach out to Iram Shah email iramnutechsoft.com, phone 203-961-8911 ext 222. Please note This is a juniormid-level role. Our Client is looking for Power Pivot Data Analyst for their FTE Excel Data Analyst role. Data Analyst (Technology) Description of Position The candidate will be a part of our Client's Technology Group. The Data Analyst collaborate with various team members across the firm to understand business needs and identify how technology can meet those needs through the design and implementation of efficient and standardized use of Excel Power Pivot based reporting connected into Qlik Infrastructure. Data Analysts work with Business Analysts and Stakeholders to understand the business problem we are solving for and the intended outcome. They strategize on the approach, collaborate on requirement definitions and partner with the Development Team to test and deploy the solution. RESPONSIBILITIES The Excel Data Analyst will be responsible for Creating, implementing, and maintaining data file structures. Ensuring procedures are being properly documented. Providing ad-hoc reporting in response to client specific requests Refining and automating regular processes, tracking issues and documenting changes. Assisting other analysts with complex query tuning and schema refinement. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Minimum of three to five years of advanced Microsoft Excel work experience combining and analyzing data from various sources, and generating reports and graphics Knowledge of Excel Power Pivot, Slicer functionality, DAX calculation is a must Knowledge of Accounting a plus Knowledge of Business Intelligence tools and Data normalizations a plus Strong analytical skills and technical orientation. Strong customer service orientation with the ability to interface with all levels within our clients' organizations. Demonstrated attention to detail with reliable time management, follow through skills. Excellent written and verbal communication. Ability to be flexible and adapt to change quickly. Must possess a strong sense of teamwork and the ability to effectively collaborate with others. Ability to work well in a team environment. High level of accountability and ownership. Ability to "get-it-done" and follow through. Ability to organize, plan and prioritize work with a high level of independence and autonomy. Ability to work in a rapidly changing environment and wear a variety of hats. Demonstrated ability to effectively multi-task and context switch effectively between different activities and teams. Energy industry experience a plus. TECHNICAL SKILLS REQUIRED Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite. Advance to expert skill level in Excel. Demonstrated ability to use Excel to combine and analyze data from various sources and generate reports and graphics. Must be able to combine large volumes of data for consolidated reporting. High level of proficiency with advanced formulas, dynamic ranges, advanced charting, and slicers. Demonstrated capability of Excel Power Pivot, Slicer functionality, DAX calculation is a must Power BI a plus. Scripting a plus. Basic programming knowledge or experience is helpful. If interested, please reach out to Iram Shah email iramnutechsoft.com, phone 203-961-8911 ext 222.
