OverviewThe Data Analyst is a new position in NADAP's CareerCompass Program. If you are looking to work closely with the management team of a Career Assessment and Workforce program to shape procedures through data analytics and improve processes to help program operations more efficiently connect individuals to goal setting and career opportunities, this may be just for you!CareerCompass provides orientation, comprehensive and individual employability assessments and service coordination for adults 25 years of age and older. It is one component in HRA's initiative to address the unique needs of improving employment and training outcomes in NYC. As the first step in HRA's programming, CareerCompass will identify and connect individuals to education, training and/or employment..The Data Analyst position is an exciting opportunity to support the CareerCompass program by conducting data reporting, analysis, and quality assurance using various systems. The Data Analyst is vital in helping the program meet goals and performance milestones, while looking at both clients and staff trends.ResponsibilitiesThe Data Analyst will analyze large datasets and provide reports on a wide range of subjects. They will create data dashboards, reports, and visualizations to highlight trends and collaborate with the management team on prioritizing business needs based on this information. They will seek out and acquire data sources and brainstorm strategies on optimizing efficiency for client services using programmatic data. The Data Analyst will also handle queries and present their findings to audiences.The Data Analyst will have strong analytical skills, with the ability to collect, organize, and analyze significant amounts of information with accuracy. They will be knowledgeable in descriptive and predictive statistics, including regression and bell curve. A member of the program management team, this position is vital in the success of the program and in meeting goals established by the funding source.NADAP provides a positive work environment in a rapidly growing program with many opportunities for advancement. Along with cultural diversity, variety in work, and the option of paid training for staff development, NADAP caters to an exceptional work experience.Qualifications* Bachelor's degree required, preferred degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or information management* Minimum of 3 years of consistent work history/experience* Proven performance in analyzing data and providing solutions for efficiency* Excellent Microsoft Office Suite skills* Excellent oral, written, and customer service skills* Ability to work both independently and in a group setting* Ability to work in a deadline-driven environment* Strong critical thinking skills and attention to detail
