Type: Paid Intern (in a farm team)

Function: Data Analyst

Education: BS/BA; MBA or advanced degree in statistics/mathematics preferred

Experience: Some exposure to marketing analytics and/or 1:1 marketing

Background:

Customer analytics, digital analytics, data analysis, business intelligence (BI) reporting, customer segmentation, statistical analysis, modeling, data modeling

Company Information:

BuyerGenomics is a fully automated customer and prospect management system, enabling robust usage of data in everyday marketing operation ensuring significant growth in business for retailers. It includes, in a fully automated fashion, all data-related marketing functions users can imagine; seamless data ingestion and consolidation, customer-centric database featuring true 360-degree customer view, comprehensive reporting, intuitive segmentation and targeting, as well as user-friendly email campaign functions. BuyerGenomics packs so many features which have been available only to big-time spenders; now small and medium size retailers may get the full benefit of advanced database marketing at a fraction of the cost.

Here at BuyerGenomics, our mission statement is simple: “Make Success Inevitable”. BuyerGenomics accomplishes that mission through data-driven and result-oriented culture that aggressively rewards problem-solving, client relationship building, and thought-leadership. We are looking for “smart creative” minds who can solve problems, synthesize data, and continuously learn new ways to help clients market smarter.

Position Description:

Going through rapid growth as a startup company, we are currently searching for data analyst interns who can help our clients with reporting and analytics, and gain valuable industry knowledge along the way. While BG offers comprehensive set of reports on all levels, some clients may require further assistance in deriving business insights from them, and from time to time, developing ad hoc reports and solutions to their unique set of challenges.

A successful candidate will have basic knowledge in analytical toolsets and methodologies, working knowledge in various types of data visualization software, excellent verbal and written communication skill, and most importantly, positive attitude and desire to learn new things.

In an intimate startup setting, this position will report to Chief Product Officer, who will also be a primary trainer and a guide. The data analyst will work in our main office in New York City on a daily basis.

Requirements:

Obtain knowledge in client business model, their long and short-term business goals, and unique set of challenges in the context of online and offline 1:1 marketing (some direct interaction with clients may be necessary).
Participate in solutioning sessions led by senior members of the company.
Assist in procurement of data from various sources and perform data audits.
Produce standard and ad hoc reports, in graph or report formats, as required.
Help creating client presentations, providing key metrics and backup reports·
Interpret analytical results and provide insights; present key findings in a concise manner.
Continuously seek for domain and industry best practices and make suggestions.
Audit deliverables ensuring accuracy by critically examining the data and reports against requirements.
Collaborate with Account Managers and the product development team for product improvements and new features development.
