MediaMath is a leading global independent advertising technology company, working with brands and agencies. We created the first software for real-time media buying in 2007 and today work with over two-thirds of the Fortune 500 and more than 3,500 brands and their agency partners to grow and deepen direct customer relationships.

We have recently launched SOURCE by MediaMath which provides our clients with the most trusted, efficient, and effective way to connect their brands with consumers: real impressions on real media properties with policies and practices that respect the humans behind billions of screens and speakers every day.

We need talent like you to fuel this next-generation ecosystem.

Key Responsibilities:
MediaMath's Account Analytics team is currently seeking a Data Analyst with the knowledge, passion and capability to mine complex datasets, discover and deliver insights that drive value for our clients. The Analytics team fulfills customers' advanced analytics and reporting needs through custom reports and analyses, advanced statistical applications, predictive modelling and interactive web dashboards to help clients effectively manage campaigns and optimize performance. This role, on the Account Analytics team within the Analytics team, will extend that value proposition to more custom, client-specific initiatives. The ideal candidate has the appropriate blend of technical capabilities, business acumen and analytical skills to manage a team of analysts that focus on the challenges of our biggest clients and uncover actionable insights that drive revenue.

You will:
Develop a deep understanding of the MediaMath databases collection process and architecture of databases
Partner with the account and sales team to identify client's analytical and reporting needs and present solutions
Create materials (client facing and internal) that package and promote Analytics offerings.
Design innovative, new and exciting reports and analyses and fully own projects from scope to execution
Articulate results of data analysis to clients, stakeholders and internal groups; translate technical results to a non-technical audience.
Be fully autonomous and self-motivated in making processes as efficient as possible
QA all of their own work in addition to reviewing their team member's code to promote knowledge sharing
Maintain a high level of pride in their own work, always looking to improve current processes and widen scope

You are:
An excellent problem-solver and have superior analytical skills
Good with multi-tasking, time management and prioritizing projects and deliverables
A strong communicator ability to distill key ideas for a non-mathematical audience
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, fun, and entrepreneurial environment
Collaborative and team focused
Experienced in working with disparate reporting systems within an organization
Experienced in working with Analytics contacts at agencies/brands directly
You have:
Bachelor Degree or higher, preferably with a concentration in a computational field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering; Masters Degree preferred
1 - 2 years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases; Marketing experience a plus
Strong SQL and Python programming; experience of at least one big data technology, e.g. MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Pig, AWS/S3 a plus
Excellent problem-solving capabilities and superior analytical skills

Why We Work at MediaMath

We are restless innovators, smart, passionate and kind. At the heart of our culture are six values that provide a framework for how we approach our work and the world: Teams Win, Scale + Innovation, Obsess Over Learning & Growth, Align then Execute, Do Good Better and Embrace the Journey. These values inform how we energize one another and engage with our clients. They get us amped to come to work. And, let's face it, so do the free snacks, great benefits, and unlimited vacation.

We were named a Leader in both the 2018 and 2019 Gartner Magic Quadrants for Ad Tech, won four awards from the IAB for Sales, Service and Education Excellence, and received Best DMP in the 2019 Digiday Technology Awards. We have offices in 16 cities worldwide and are headquartered in New York City.

MediaMath is committed to equal employment opportunity. It is a fundamental principle at MediaMath not to discriminate against employees or applicants for employment on any legally-recognized basis including, but not limited to: age, race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, sex, disability, predisposing genetic characteristics, genetic information, military or veteran status, marital status, gender identity/transgender status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, and other protected characteristic as established by law.
