Role: Data Analyst

Reports to: Manager of Organizational Performance

Location: New York City / Los Angeles

Hours: Full time

About Trevor

The Trevor Project is the world’s largest suicide prevention and crisis intervention organization for LGBTQ young people. We are a non-profit that provides 24/7 life-saving support via phone, text, and chat. We also operate the world’s largest safe space social networking site for LGBTQ youth and run innovative research, education, and advocacy programs. We’ve been saving lives every day for 20 years.

Overview of the role

Data is at the core of Trevor’s DNA, and enables us to make informed decisions on how to expand and improve our services for hundreds and thousands of youth each year. The Data Analyst will not only help conduct high-impact analyses for cross-functional stakeholders, they will also help to build out our analytics systems that enable teams at Trevor to make data-informed decisions every single day. You will serve as a thought partner for folks across the organization on how to best structure their problem to find answers in the data.

Who you are:
Passionate.You care about LGBTQ youth. You care about saving lives. You want to come to work and feel inspired every day. You want to change the world
Tech Savvy. You’re fluent in SQL, comfortable wrangling large datasets in Excel/Google Sheets, and have experience with data visualization tools (Looker, Periscope/Sisense, Tableau) Ideally you’ve used statistical analyses tools like R or Python, and are familiar with navigating a data warehousing solution (AWS, Bigquery)
Collaborative.You have experience working in cross-functional roles and are able to clearly communicate complex analyses to folks with varying levels of data fluency
Entrepreneurial.You love thinking outside the box, building impactful systems and processes, and enjoy coming up with creative solutions to overcome obstacles
Action-Oriented.You’re a self-starter who can prioritize multiple projects at one time. You know the importance of creating metrics that are meaningful and actionable
Fun.The work we do is very serious, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have fun. We know how to have a good time and you should too
What you’ll do:
Design, analyze, and interpret results of an experiment to answer important strategic questions
Lead stakeholders - oftentimes senior level execs - through your findings and recommendations
Innovate on current and establish new analytics processes as our data needs expand
Build and automate reports, empowering end-users to make data-driven decisions themselves
Work with key stakeholders to ensure we’re capturing the data we need to, in the formats that we need
Organize our data definitions, sources, and processes to ensure longevity of the data infrastructure at Trevor
Leverage skills you’ve already built in prior roles to expand our data capacities, with opportunities to grow your technical toolstack along the way
Typical tools and technologies you’ll use:
Bigquery
Fivetran
dbt (our data transformation framework)
Sisense CDT (formerly Periscope)
Excel/Google Sheets
Jira
Benefits
Generous vacation and holidays (like a full day off to celebrate Harvey Milk Day!), including Summer Fridays
Comprehensive health insurance (we pay 100% of your premiums for medical, and dental), including gender affirmation surgery
Fun office environment and passionate team
The Trevor Project is an equal opportunity employer
Meaningful work at an organization that is saving the lives of LGBTQ young people across America every day
Your Application

We’re excited to hear from you! To join Team Trevor, please upload a CV/resume and cover letter. Applications without cover letters will not be considered.

APPLY HERE
