Job Description

The Team:


We are looking for leaders and problem solvers who are passionate about data and data management.

The purpose of the Project Management/Business Analyst (PM/BA) role within the Reference Data Operations team is to independently evaluate business requirements and recommend solutions in support of a reference data universe that spans Citadel’s global footprint. The role requires effective management of both short term, tactical solutions as well as longer term, multi-quarter strategic initiatives.

A successful candidate will be a proficient PM/BA who communicates and collaborates effectively, taking ownership and accountability for all aspects of each project assigned to them. They will manage requests throughout their life-cycle from business analysis, to prioritization, to collaboration with technical counterparts, through to delivery and business acceptance. The ability to work across a wide range of stakeholders; business and technical, internal and external is central to the role.

Responsibilities:

Reporting to the PM/BA Lead, the PM/BA will evaluate current tactical issues, lead small/mid-size initiatives, and contribute to enterprise-wide strategic initiatives.
Work with front and back office stakeholders across the organization to design and deliver comprehensive reference data solutions across a wide range of asset classes, geographies, and instrument types.
Assist in management front/middle office requests to development teams to ensure concepts are properly evaluated, implemented, and risk assessed.
Evaluate systems for opportunities to automate with focus on highest return on investment.
Help design and implement metrics for tracking product and operational health.
Manage tracks within larger strategic initiatives.
Work with stakeholders within the organization to refine and improve knowledge and processes.
Design and implement processes that facilitate the use and administration of reference data.
Required Skills
5 or more years of professional experience in financial services, particularly reference data or technology
Extensive product knowledge across a broad array of financial products and Instruments
Experience supporting data integration, data governance, data life cycle management, data quality, and data strategy
Strong analytical, quantitative skills
Project Management and Business Analysis experience
Experience in developing metrics (Tableau preferred)
Python, SQL, or similar for data analysis and tool building (preferred)
Education: BA/BS Bachelor’s Degree (STEM degree preferred)

About Citadel


Citadel is a global investment firm built around world-class talent, sound risk management, and innovative leading-edge technology. For a quarter of a century, Citadel’s hedge funds have delivered meaningful and measurable results to top-tier investors around the world, including sovereign wealth funds, public institutions, corporate pensions, endowments and foundations.

With an unparalleled ability to identify and execute on great ideas, Citadel’s team of more than 675 investment professionals, operating from offices including Chicago, New York, San Francisco, London, Hong Kong and Shanghai, deploy capital across all major asset classes, in all major financial markets.
