Data Analyst (New York)

AddThis Sharing Buttons
Share to TwitterTwitterShare to FacebookFacebookShare to LinkedInLinkedInShare to EmailEmail

Location: New York


The Data Analyst will become an expert and champion of RCA’s industry leading proprietary data, interacting with various teams across the company to serve different business needs.

We expect the Data Analyst to aid various teams in drawing insight from our data as well as other sources. This includes creating templates, dashboards, visualizations, algorithms and business tools for use across the organization. If you enjoy collaborating cross-functionally and are excited to work with large amounts of data to create actionable insights, then this is a great opportunity to grow your skills and contribute!

Responsibilities
Support internal teams and key stakeholders to formalize and present a variety of CRE custom analysis.
Work alongside teams within the business or the management team to establish business needs.
Provide innovative and practical solutions to a wide range of complex research and analytical problems by leveraging RCA’s proprietary databases and data sources.
Work with clients and other industry participants on an ad-hoc basis.
Communicate technical concepts and analyses to different audiences.
Define new data collection and analysis processes.
Position Requirements


A bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university, preferably in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics or a related discipline. Experience managing and analyzing large datasets in Microsoft Excel, SQL, Python, R, SAS, and Tableau or other BI and/or data visualization tools is greatly preferred. Prior experience in data linkage and the demonstrated ability to understand and articulate the mechanics of data linkage.

Personal Attributes


The Data Analyst must have strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. The ideal applicant is well-organized, exceptionally detail-orientated, resourceful, comfortable working independently in an entrepreneurial environment, and has an analytical mindset with a curiosity for commercial real estate.
