Job Requisition Number:82982

At Bloomberg, our products are fueled by powerful information. We combine data and context to paint the whole picture for our clients, around the clock from around the world. In Global Data, we are responsible for delivering this data, news and analytics through innovative technology - quickly and accurately.

Climate change, regulatory pressures, the importance of human capital and diversity are just a few critical factors global investors consider to best identify risks and opportunities. Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) data is crucial for our clients providing deeper intelligence than conventional financial analysis.

As a team, we are responsible for enhancing and reporting Environmental, Social and Governance related content for the Bloomberg Terminal, plus reported on and normalized metrics, key analytical ratios, industry-specific metrics and proprietary scores. We display ESG and Fundamental data together, backed by news for context. More than 320,000 business leaders rely on the real time financial information available on the Bloomberg Professional Service, and your passion and expertise for sustainable investing will have tremendous impact on our growing product offering.

The Role:


You will leverage your demonstrated technical expertise, knowledge of the financial markets, and understanding of clients needs to enhance our data products and generating premium content. You will work across data teams and departments to optimize workflows to increase automation and improve internal operations ensuring quality and timely data. As a technical leader in the organization, you will be trusted to deploy code to production, ensure best practices are adhered to, and mentor others.

Well trust you to:
Combine subject-matter-expertise and technical skills to research new data sets to expand coverage and generate premium content
Design statistical methods to perform quality control of our products
Analyze internal processes to identify opportunities for improvement, as well as devise and implement new innovative workflow solutions to improve the time to market/quality/create efficiency in your dataset
Build database schema and maintain workflow configurations for critical functions such as acquisition, worklist management, and quality control
Contribute to the creation of best practices and guidelines for governance
Utilize data visualization skills to report on results of on-going operations and projects, as required
Collaborate extensively with internal stakeholders (primarily Core Product, Technical Operations, Engineering, and Sales)
Engage with internal and external users to resolve inquiries in a timely manner
Provide mentorship to data analysts on team
Youll need to have:
A bachelor's degree, preferably with combined studies in Information Systems and Finance or related business and, STEM fields
Established presence in virtual development communities such as GitHub, Stack Overflow, and HackerRank
Proven ability to use technology to innovative data products and processes
Applied proficiency with one or more programming/scripting languages (e.g. Python, R, JavaScript, Java) as well as SQL
Experience using statistical and machine learning methods to solve real-world problems
Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau or QlikSense
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially when explaining technical processes and solutions to business stakeholders and management
Strong attention to detail and high degree of demonstrated decision-making and problem solving skills
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment
Ability to influence others and lead change
Applied proficiency with software engineering best practices
Experience training and mentoring others
Legal authorization to work full-time in the United States and will not require visa sponsorship now or in the future
Wed love to see:


An advanced degree in Business, Computer Science or Engineering
Experience working in an Agile development team
Project management skills and/or experience, CAPM, PMP and/or CSM preferred
Does this sound like you?
Apply if you think we're a good match. We will be in touch to let you know what the next steps are.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
