The Data/Information Mgt Analyst is a strategic professional who stays abreast of developments within own field and contributes to directional strategy by considering their application in own job and the business. Recognized technical authority for an area within the business. Requires basic commercial awareness. There are typically multiple people within the business that provide the same level of subject matter expertise. Developed communication and diplomacy skills are required in order to guide, influence and convince others, in particular colleagues in other areas and occasional external customers. Significant impact on the area through complex deliverables. Provides advice and counsel related to the technology or operations of the business. Work impacts an entire area, which eventually affects the overall performance and effectiveness of the sub-function/job family. Responsibilities: This function covers incumbents responsible for various data activities, which include database administration, data analysis, maintenance, data quality, and database management or database architecture / design engineering Day-to-day focus is on resolution of complex problems or transactions, where expertise is required to interpret against policies, guidelines or processes Role at this level usually has full ownership for one or more processes, reports, procedures or products, and may also be considered analytical or procedural experts representing a unit or team on cross-function process or project deliverables May supervise day-to-day work of junior level employees Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 6-10 years of experience Experience in a quantitative field Excellent analytical and practical problem solving abilities Solid understanding of the consumer lending market, customer life cycle, and P&L Experience in segmentation, modeling, and optimization Working experience in Financial/Credit Card Industry Know-how on analytic tools (SAS E-miner, Knowledge Seeker, SPSS etc.) and methodologies (regression, CHAID, simulation, etc.) Big data and machine learning experiences are (R, Python etc.) Education: Bachelors/University degree, Masters degree preferred This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
