Impakt Advisors is a brand new (2018), NYC based Data Analytics advisory firm dedicated to providing easy and affordable analytics solutions for growing companies. We work across a wide range of industries including Ecommerce, Retail, Finance, Tech, Banking and Agriculture and our clients include startups hitting their stride as well as established members of the Fortune 500.
Our consultants manage complex priorities across many, internal and external, projects.

You will initially be apprenticed with one of our partners to pick up our business intelligence and working methodologies. Once you’ve shown an ability to take ownership over workstreams to an expected level of quality you will begin to play a project management role. You will be managing key client facing and development resources and you will learn how to work to achieve client goals through successful understanding and coordination of development.

If all that goes well, you will become the client facing expert on data analytics implementation projects.

You have the opportunity not just to join our growing international team but also to take on a leading role as we build our business through creating high impact results for our clients.


Key Responsibilities:
Every day is different, but here's a sample of what you can expect to experience and accomplish:
Keep inventory of client goals and challenges.
Understand client goals and use data in an automated way to achieve them.
Design and implement complex algorithms to generate metrics.
Manage the report production cycle, from data sourcing to metric verification.
Learn to manage expert development resources to execute on client goals
Assist in business development activities as necessary. Occasional travel

Key Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
SQL experience is a plus.
Desire to master SQL, Tableau and other business intelligence tools.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Active listening
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team in a multi-task environment with attention to detail.
Ability to work under pressure and keep many competing priorities in order.
Ability to learn quickly in a self-directed manner.
Excellent work ethic, including a desire to learn continuously.

Things You'll Like About Impakt Advisors:
1. We value and encourage creative thinking & intellectual curiosity.
2. You'll have a very clear understanding of how your work matters to the company.
3. You'll find interesting new challenges every day on the forefront of data analysis.
4. You'll be part of a passionate team with broad skills and interests.
5. We offer competitive salaries, excellent benefits, and a relaxed work environment with plenty of perks.
6. We offer an opportunity to help grow a team from scratch - exciting and challenging working environment!

Your resume should include clear quantification of your achievements.

Our interview process consists of the following steps:
1. Group interview technical test examining:
Excel Skills
Business Writing Skills,
Causal Model Skills
SQL Aptitude
2. Screening interview
3. Culture Interview
4. Decision on Offer


*** This role does not provide H1B Visa Sponsorship or suit F-1 Visa holders.
*** Relocation assistance is not available for this position.
