**We are still hiring and interviewing for this position. We are conducting interviews over video. We are currently working 100% virtual and following the CDC guidelines of when to return to work.**

COMPANY OVERVIEW

Global Atlantic is one of the fastest growing companies in the Life and Annuity industry. We are focused on the U.S. retirement and life insurance markets with a broad range of annuities and life insurance options, as well as reinsurance solutions. Our success is driven by competitive, innovative product designs, leading investment management and integrated risk management, along with highly experienced leadership.

Global Atlantic is looking for a diverse team of talented individuals who reinforce our culture of collaboration and innovation. We are dedicated to the career development of our people because we know they are critical to our long-term success. Join our team and come grow with us.

POSITION OVERVIEW

The Risk Data Analytics group is seeking a data analyst to help develop predictive models for policy-level transactions, to help prepare data and perform analysis using machine learning, regression and other methods, and to help deploy these tools and analysis in new ways through our organization. The predictive models and analysis developed by the Risk Data Analytics group are used to design and price retail products and institutional reinsurance deals, to inform risk-return and investment decisions, and to assist with forecasting and financial reporting. Our group works closely with Sales, Operations, Investments, Hedging, Finance, Actuarial, Planning, Information Management, Reinsurance, and Product Development on data analytics projects. As part of a larger quantitative Insurance Risk Management team that reports through the Chief Risk Officer, we have unique vantage point into nearly all aspects of the enterprise.

Required skills:
Degree in math, statistics, computer science, a physical or biological science, engineering, or related field. Several years of experience or course work in a programming language such as C/C++, Java, or Python (Python is our primary development language, but is not strictly required).
Experience working with large data sets, machine learning techniques, developing software for scientific applications, knowledge of high-performance computing techniques, or SQL are highly desirable but not required.
Background in finance and/or industry experience is not required.
We are looking for a highly curious individual who is comfortable in a collaborative environment, and who enjoys seeing the things they build have real world impact.

QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in math, statistics, computer science, a physical or biological science, engineering, or related field.
Several years of experience or course work in a programming language such as C/C++, java, or python.
At Global Atlantic, enjoy a highly competitive compensation and benefits package, with a focus on pay equity and flexibility. We are proud to support work/life balance that meet individual and business needs. A business casual dress code, above-average paid time off, parental and military leave, adoption assistance and tuition reimbursement are just a few of the extra perks that make Global Atlantic a great place to work. We strive to foster a culture of total well-being through community outreach and charitable giving programs.

In New York, we actively partner with the Red Hook Conservancy, Girls who Invest, and The Bowery mission.  Social platforms provide an environment to collaborate with others and participate in friendly competitions towards achieving physical, emotional and financial well-being. Our highly competitive health, retirement, life and disability plans can be tailored to best suit your needs and those of your whole family.

Global Atlantic is committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels like they can meaningfully contribute to our success. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate in employment on any basis that is prohibited by federal, state or local laws. We encourage qualified applicants from all demographics to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status.

Global Atlantic Financial Company Employee Candidate Privacy Notice
