Gainful is changing the way people shop for nutrition products to support their active lifestyle and help them achieve their fitness goals. Launched in 2017, Gainful is backed by some of the world's best venture investors (including Y Combinator, Dorm Room Fund, BrandProject, and Courtside VC). Gainful combines personalization with the highest quality ingredients to make sports nutrition accessible for every body.

Gainful is positioned to become the category leader in personalized nutrition, with personalized protein powder the first of many products. We are excited to find incredible team members to join us on this journey.

Job Description:

Gainful is hiring a data analyst to work with engineering and growth teams in order to quickly iterate our product (both physical and digital) in order to successfully meet our customers' needs. You will be responsible for utilizing large data sets in order to uncover insights that will serve as hypotheses for future tests and initiatives. You will then manage these initiatives and measure their effectiveness and provide suggestions for continuous improvement.

Responsibilities include:
Working with the CTO and COO to discover insights in the data.
Plan ways to test and measure the insights from above.
Provide suggestions for how to meet our customers needs, keeping in mind business constraints.
Support backend and frontend engineers in their data needs
Support growth marketing team to help efficiently test and evaluate different initiatives
Be an owner of the Looker platform in order to allow other team members to access the data they need
Required:
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent
Basic understanding of SQL
Expert in Excel or another data analysis tool
Relentless attitude toward continuous improvement
Preferred:
Interest or experience in nutrition, wellness, or food/bev
Desire to work on a small team and self-starter to quickly iterate on initiatives
Experience in data science tools such as pandas (Python library)
Background in financial and/or subscription modeling
Location: New York City (100% remote during COVID-19 outbreak)

Hours: Full time, unlimited PTO

Pay: competitive salary + equity

Health Insurance: Choice between Blue Shield Gold Full PPO 750 or Blue Shield Platinum Full PPO 0
Gainful will cover 99% of the monthly cost of the Gold plan, or 85% of Platinum
If you opt out of group healthcare coverage, Gainful will add $250/month to your salary as a wellness stipend
Dental: Guardian EM Dental 10
Vision: CA Beam VSP Choice Plan 2
Pre-tax benefits
Health FSA
Dependent Care FSA
Commuter
Perks:
Lunch every other Friday
Free snacks/beverages of every kind
Unlimited Gainful product & swag
Macbook Pro and whatever tools you need to do your job
Visa sponsorship: Not Available

Start Date: ASAP
