THE ROLE:

Peloton is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to support our Supply Chain Operations team. The role involves developing insights to inform delivery strategy, logistics network optimization and process improvement opportunities - providing senior leadership with the ability to make effective data driven
decisions. You will work cross-functionally with other teams at Peloton including IT, Business Intelligence, and Supply Chain Operations; building models and dashboards to understand current performance and trends. You will work closely with Operations functional owners to ensure we are measuring things the 'right' way and that we have the data necessary to report on performance as we grow and further scale. The ideal candidate possesses a strong analytical toolset, has a passion for difficult challenges and a willingness to prototype and rapidly iterate, working with cross-functional teams to drive meaningful impact to the business.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Identify KPIs for the Supply Chain teams (Planning, Logistics, Last Mile Delivery) that align to our
key business objectives by analyzing operational and financial data
● Conceptualize and build centralized tools (including dashboards) that the Global Operations team
can use to extract data/insights for daily business management in an automated manner
● Write scripts and build tools to extract, clean and transform operations-related data
● Compile and reconcile data from multiple sources into formats to be leveraged by Business
Partners and Senior Leaders
● Provide daily, weekly and monthly reporting and analysis to Business Partners and Senior Leaders
● Create and facilitate user acceptance testing and drive adoption of reporting toolsets across the
Supply Chain organization
● Identify gaps in our data collection and collaborate with product and engineering on data capture
specifications
● Develop models with various forecasting techniques to improve operational efficiency

QUALIFICATIONS:

● Bachelor's or Master's degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering,
Mathematics, Finance or Statistics)
● 2+ years of work experience in data analytics
● Fluency in SQL or other programming languages. Some development experience in at least one
scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
● High level of proficiency in Excel and Working knowledge of data visualization tools such as
Tableau, Looker, etc.
● Hands-on experience in Supply Chain, Operations, Engineering, or a related field with Supply
Planning, Inventory Optimization and/or Network Optimization
● Understanding of Supply Chain Systems - WMS, TMS, ERP systems preferred

ABOUT PELOTON:

Founded in 2012, Peloton is a global interactive fitness platform that brings the energy and benefits of studio-style workouts to the convenience and comfort of home. We use technology and design to bring our Members immersive content through the Peloton Bike, the Peloton Tread, and Peloton Digital, which provide comprehensive, socially-connected fitness offerings anytime, anywhere. We believe in taking risks and challenging the status quo by continuously innovating and improving. Our team is made up of passionate brand ambassadors, and we know that together, we go far.

Headquartered in New York City, with offices, warehouses and retail showrooms in the US, UK, Canada, and Germany, Peloton is changing the way people get fit. Peloton has been named to many prestigious industry lists, including Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, Crain's New York Business' Tech25 and Fast50, as well as TIME's Genius Companies. Visit www.onepeloton.com/careers to learn more about joining our team.
