Analyst-Data Integrity

There’s potential around every corner in healthcare and Premier helps health system find it. We’re in the field, working shoulder-to-shoulder with our members and member-dedicated field staff to help drive change from the inside out. If you want to be a key player in delivering exceptional clinical insights, knowledge and expertise across key service lines, consider joining our Field Services/Account Management team.

What will you be doing:

Support the planning, execution, and oversight of the account management of supply chain services at our existing member by providing analytics in support of maintaining products/services, documenting high level of customer validated savings, and assisting in expanding current accounts product lines and business solutions. This position will work closely with the assigned health system to determine resources needed to achieve breakthroughs and performance improvement in supply chain products and services, and where applicable, labor cost (productivity and benchmarking), clinical quality / safety programs. All efforts and solutions will be supported by Premier data products and services.

This position works in collaboration with other field Region Specialists, Premier Performance Partner staff, client services, product management, operations, new business development to ensure customer service and value provided exceeds customer expectations. Maintain product and service knowledge and technical competency in all products offered throughout Supply Chain Services. Maintain awareness and knowledge of other business groups to better serve accounts and to drive additional member engagement. Works closely with Premier Integrated Account Team to ensure coordinated account planning and maximize customer value from the Premier relationship.

What we're looking for:

Required Qualifications

Work Experience:

2 or more years applicable experience

Skills & Experience:

Business Analytics, Health Care

Education:

High School Diploma or GED

Preferred Qualifications

Relevant Experience to include:
Experience in healthcare and IT environment preferred
Similar analytic experience preferred
PeopleSoft experience preferred
Ability to prepare and present clinical and/or financial data utilizing Excel, Access, Powerpoint and Premier tools to share cost management and/or clinical performance improvement opportunities
Education:

Bachelors

Premier at a glance:
Ranked number 1 on Charlotte’s Healthiest Employers list for 2019 and 12 Healthiest Employer in America
One of the 2019 World’s Most Ethical Companies® by Ethisphere® Institute for the 12th Year in a Row
The only company to be recognized by KLAS twice for Overall Healthcare Management Consulting
Work with some amazing people to make a real impact in Healthcare
Full of perks and employee discounts
Wellness is in our DNA with onsite exercise classes and online options available
Enjoy giving back to your community? So do we! Employees are even provided with paid time off to volunteer in their communities
We love to learn new things, employees can receive tuition reimbursement as well as professional development opportunities
Premier is looking for smart, agile individuals like you to help us transform the healthcare industry. Here you will find critical thinkers who have the freedom to make an impact. Colleagues who share your thirst to learn more and do things better. Teammates committed to improving the health of a nation. See why incredible challenges require incredible people.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to unlawful discrimination because of their age, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, pregnancy status, genetic information, status as a victim of domestic violence, covered military or protected veteran status, disability, or any other applicable federal, state or local protected class, trait or status or that of persons with whom an applicant associates. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. In addition, as a federal contractor, Premier complies with government regulations, including affirmative action responsibilities, where they apply.

Premier also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance in the application process, please reply to diversity_and_accomodations@premierinc.com or contact Premier Recruiting at 704.816.5200.
