Job Title Data Analyst Job Type Contract Location NY-New York SKILLS AND EXPERICENCE REQUIRED Data Scanning Team - Responsible for determining systems requirements for new or modified database application programs, creates the system specifications and Is responsible for the development, testing and implementation of efficient, cost effective application solutions. Will receive general direction from the Manager, work closely with business analysts to identify and specify complex business requirements and processes. May co-ordinate the activities of the section with the client area and other IT sections (e.g., data base, operations, technical support). Work in conjunction with the data architectmodeler on the data warehouse reporting solution. Possess expertise in writing and tuning, view, stored procedures, and functions. Strong problem-solving, interpersonal, written and oral communications skills with demonstrated ability to simultaneously adjust to changing priorities, successfully completing multiple tasks. Prepares deliverables such as source-to-target mappings transformation rules documentation. 7-10 Years of relevant work experience required. Data catalogingdata profiling SQL Server, DB2, Oracle Must have knowledge of lineage and financial industry, technical metadata layer Skills needed for DB Analyst specific Data Scanning Data Profiling" Educational Qualifications Required - Bachelorrsquos degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering or closely related or equivalent Preferred - Masterrsquos degree in Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science, Big Data or Analytics or equivalent Equal Employment Opportunity Reliable employment does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or any other basis as covered by federal, state, or local law. Employment decisions are based solely on qualifications, merit and business needs. Thanks Regards, Palle Akhila IT RECRUITER (O) 248-278-4233 Akhila.prsrit.com
