About Capgemini
Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year+ heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion.
Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.
Job Description
Title: Data Analyst
Location: Jersey City, NJ
Type: Full-time
Conversion IT lead and Data Analyst. Data Analyst needs to have good exposure of commercial lending.
Should be proficient in Credit Risk, Market Risk and Operational Risk domains.
Strong expertise and awareness on the Credit Loss models, calculations, aggregations and reporting.
Should have performed intensive data analysis to address the key regulatory requirements.
Ability to comprehend regulatory business requirements and effectively translate them to Functional and Detailed Design documents.
Should have good exposure and hands-on experience working on Risk drivers namely: PD (Probability of Default), LGD (Loss Given Default), RR (Regulatory Risk Rating), EAD, RWA and EL.
Should have strong expertise working on Enterprise Data warehouse and business datamarts.
Should be very proficient on writing SQL skills and have strong capability to perform in-depth data analysis on Enterprise data warehouses and datamarts.
Should be well aware of GL (General Ledger) to Loan Account System reconciliation processes/techniques.
Should have the ability to work in a fast pace environment and be able to make real time / accurate decisions.
Should be proficient and detailed in documenting system processes, data flows, system interfaces and design documents.
Should have good hands-on experience in writing SQLs and should also have good exposure to ETL tools like Informatica to take up any analysis on data transformation rules.
Should be well versed with Bank’s change management policies as part of implementation activities.
High level of autonomy and independent judgment in making decisions and interacting effectively and positively with all levels of personnel, partners, and vendors as well as customers.
Excellent Excel, Word and Power-point skills.
Good verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills.
What we Offer
Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums.
We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients.
With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve.
Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships.
Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply.
Disclaimer
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
`This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law
Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.
