Purpose

Looking for a fast paced and high growth opportunity with a dynamic service-based software company? As a Data Analyst at FJA-US, youll be joining our team of qualified and diverse individuals who come together as a collective to deliver our clients the best possible product. Constantly changing client-driven deadlines and deliverables need to be met, working with other Data Analysts, youll be analyzing and modeling data into FJAs very own platform. Essentially, customizing the product for a specific client, down to the very littlest of details.

We collaborate through integrated product teams, cross-functional teams, and employee resource groups, while thriving with the support of training and development, mentors and every day coaching.

Essential Duties/Responsibilities

Translate and configure product data into a useable structure format.

Review and analyze product data from client sources such as databases and/or spreadsheets. Put data into FJAs custom Product Machine by using specific input properties and processes.

Create and execute test cases, reports, and scripts to ensure validity and accuracy of work.

Manage lifecycle of product data using standard software development methodologies.

Review written documentation.

Effectively and professionally communicate and interface with FJA team members and clients.

Perform configuration duties.

Assist senior product modelers with translating product specification templates into FJAs Product Machine.

Develop a thorough understanding of the product model structure.

Understand the products and processes in the insurance companies supported by FJA.

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Ability to create and conduct presentations in a professional, organized, engaging and confident manner to a variety of audiences.

Ability to successfully work independently with minimal supervision & confidently manage up.

Demonstrates and facilitates professional communication skills; must be able to understand,listen, write and speak fluently, professionally, and, effectively in the English language.

Effective facilitation, collaboration, negotiation and conflict resolution abilities.

Establishes and maintains solid interpersonal relationships with clients and FJA team members across all levels of an organization. Builds others up; focused on team success vs. individual success.

Exhibit personal presentation in a professional manner as it relates to appearance, communication and actions.

Flexible and able to thrive in a fast paced, high growth, team based environment while successfully handling competing and ever changing priorities and responsibilities.

Motivated, responsible and organized self-starter who excels at time management, meeting commitments, knocking down roadblocks, and,
possesses a passion for continuous learning and improvement.

Solid track record of taking responsibility and holding ones self accountable for high quality task and project deliverables within established deadlines.

Strong analytical, research and problem solving skills. Pro-active ability to identify, assess, improve/refine and solve complex challenges, processes and/or situations.

People Leadership/Development Duties

No direct supervisory duties.

As directed, provide job related mentorship and training to peers. As requested, provide peer review feedback.

Education, Certification and/or Formal Training

High School diploma required; Bachelors degree in Mathematics, Economics, IT, Computer Science or closely related field preferred.

Experience

Minimum 1 year of data analytics and/or modeling experience.

Healthcare insurance industry experience is a plus.

The following area of experience are pluses: Java, Agile Methodologies, JIRA, Confluence, Maven, Mercurial, Subversion, Eclipse, QVT, continuous integration tools and/or concepts, application servers.

Working Environment

This job generally operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers/keyboards/mice, printers, phones, mobile devices, photocopiers, filing cabinets, fax machines, etc. The noise level in the office work environment varies from moderate to loud. When traveling to client sites, the employee may be exposed to various unknown work environments.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Light work. Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear; sit; stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; grasp and/or reach with hands and arms; repetitive movements of the wrists, hands and/or fingers.

Specific vision abilities required by this job include close visual acuity and ability to adjust focus to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing computer monitor(s); extensive reading; and legally operate a motor vehicle.

Work Schedule

This position may occasionally necessitate working additional hours and weekends outside of the employees regular work schedule.

Travel

Possible local and/or national US travel up to 10%.

This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, or qualifications associated with the job. Duties, responsibilities, requirements and qualifications may change at any time with or without notice.

Please, no phone calls or third party HR/staffing firms, agencies, individuals, etc.
