Job Description
Must be proficient in Advanced Excel – Pivot, dashboarding, macro writing

Must be able to analytical to help Director understand trends in dataset on a weekly basis
Must understand databases to help the team build out certain reports from
Must be an effective communicator – will need to help facilitate and take notes in two key meetings weekly.
Must be a good problem solver. Need help to solve some of our challenges with manual excel files and identify way of automation or improvements
Preferred data analytics degree – help with future initiatives
Preferred knowledge of SharePoint 2010 – help build out Internal Audit SharePoint site and navigate existing SharePoint applications
Preferred knowledge of Tableau – Help IA with dashboarding
Preferred knowledge of Microsoft Power BI Desktop – help with dash boarding
Preferred knowledge of GRC Tools

Summary: Responsible for conducting research and root cause analysis for customers with
the goal of recommending and implementing new processes and solutions to
operational deficiencies. Resolves issues and improves operational performance
on a cross-functional/departmental basis. This is a senior level position
working independently with guidance only in the most complex situations.
Responsibilities: - Investigate service related issues to identify root cause of issues; identify
and communicate business needs assessments as necessary.
Develop forecasting tools using current technology/systems (Access, Excel,
Monarch, etc.)
Translate business requirements and assist IT with the development of
technical specifications.
Develop solutions based on data analysis to increase business efficiency.
Lead or participate in internal and external project workgroup(s) and
presentations.
Conduct User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for projects, implementations, system
fixes and enhancements, etc.
Prepare materials for internal and external audit activities; review audit
findings/reports for accuracy and completeness. If appropriate, formulate
rebuttal and/or corrective action steps.
May coach/mentor less experienced staff, assist in on-boarding of new staff
and/or distribute and follow-up on work assignments.
Perform other relevant tasks as assigned by management.
Qualifications: Education:
Bachelor's degree required.
Experience:
Minimum of seven (7) years' experience in an operational role, or analytical
role
Knowledge:
Knowledge of Healthcare industry required
Knowledge of Project Management methodologies
Requires knowledge of Healthcare firm’s products and services
Requires working knowledge of division operating plan and firm’s operating
model.
