Buyside - Data Scientist/Research Analyst

Location: New York, United States

Salary: US$180000 - US$280000 per annum + competitive

Sectors: Asset Management

Job Type: Permanent

Apply for this Job
We're currently working closely with a prestigious investment fund seeking top data scientists/analysts. The ideal candidate has fundamental experience with a strong data science skillset. These positions are based in the NYC/tristate area.

If you have experience conducting fundamental equity or quantamental research, we'd like to talk to you! We're particuarly excited if you've worked with alternative data and large unstructured datasets. We prefer individuals with an established track record in finance and a strong engineering/data science background/toolkit.

This is an exceptional opportunity to solve problems related to alpha generation and trading, and advance data driven products. We are seeking individuals with hands-on, high-impact, data driven applications in industry and academia.

You will have the opportunity to partner up with quant researchers, technologists, and academics beyond traditional finance to develop creative solutions to the world's most challenging economic problems across markets and industries. Additionally, you will have the flexibility and opportunity for tremendous career growth.

The ideal candidate / successful individual will have experience with:
Minimum of a Bachelor's or Master's Degree in STEM programs (ie. Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Neuroscience, or relevant degree)
4-10 years of experience in a fundamental research or data science role
Heavy experience with Python, R, SQL
Experience applying statistical methods to properiety data and deriving actionable insights, communicating analysis to researchers and PMs
STRONG communication skills are a must!


Good to have:
PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, etc.
Bonus points for experience working with alternative, nontraditional data sources
Ability to wear multiple hats, self-starter mentality
Ability work in a fast paced environment and create projects from scratch
Sthree US is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.

Apply for this Job
