As a Practice Data Analyst in Physicians of University Hospital, you will support GE/IDX application and revenue cycle. This includes phone and hands on support, education and issue resolution, project work and the running of report queries.

Responsibilities Include:
Extracts patient clinical data from medical records or other sources containing patient clinical data.
Maintains and keeps current with new and existing GE/IDX systems modules, use and applications.
Creates and maintains training material and asssist training new hires and existing employees on current and new GE/IDX applications and features.
Writes supporting documentation and procedures for system changes, modifications and day to day operations.
Assist in the development and testing of test scenarios for new features, patches and hardware.
Troubleshoots with internal and external clients to resolver system, hardware or software errors.
Develops and maintains knowledge of department reporting software to create and run standard and ad hoc reports.
Ensure finance runs are accurate and run on pre-described schedules, to include claims, statements and Collection transfers.
High School Diploma or equivalent, required. Bachelors degree, preferred.
Minimum of two (2) years progressive billing experience including IDX experience, required.
Our Culture:

Transforming care, optimizing patient satisfaction and creating better patient outcomes are just some of the things our talented team members are doing at North Shore-LIJ each and every day. As a culture committed to providing our customers with the highest quality service, we stand behind our core values: Patients first; Caring; Excellence; Innovation; Integrity and Teamwork. It is our commitment and our culture that sets us apart from others and is the cornerstone of everything we do. Join an organization whose team members are valued, cared for and offered continuous opportunities to grow. Click on the link to learn more about us: www.northshorelij.com/goals

Please note: North Shore-LIJ is a smoke-free environment. Smoking and the use of tobacco products is strictly prohibited anywhere on campus, including parking lots and outdoor areas on the premises.Free smoking cessation programs and quit medications are offered to team members who wish to quit through the North Shore-LIJ Center for Tobacco Control.
