Position: Data Analyst

Agency: New York City Employees’ Retirement System’s (NYCERS).

Project Name:Information Technology (IT) Division.

Duration: 3 Years

Project Description:

NYCERS seeks one (1) Data Analyst with ETL Expertise to work with the Information Technology (IT) Division for a period up to 36 months. NYCERS reserves the right to hire the candidate(s) as an employee, at no additional cost, after a period of six (6) months. The Data Analyst will primarily be responsible for detailed field level analysis, profiling and mapping of the current IBM z/VSE Mainframe VSAM files loaded into SQL tables.

Mandatory Skills:
Candidates must meet all the requirements below to be considered for this position.
Minimum of five (5) years of source-to-target data mapping experience in a mixed Mainframe, relational database and object storage environments.
Experience creating and/or maintaining ETL applications.
Experience migrating mainframe VSAM files to relational and/or dimensional SQL databases.
Experience working in multiple development environments/systems: IBM Mainframe, Windows Server, UNIX and SQL Server.
Strong SQL knowledge working with complex queries and stored procedures.
Proficiency in mainframe applications encompassing COBOL, VSAM and DB2.
Experience creating data dictionary documentation and data definitions/domains.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, writing, analytical, problem solving, and information gathering skills along with fundamental technique troubleshooting abilities.
Strong analytical skills demonstrated by the ability to receive and analyze requirements and propose a suitable solution that adheres to the team’s methodology.
Preferred Experience:
Experience with Data Quality/Profiling tools.
Experience extracting business rules from the existing legacy code.
Experience with Data Warehouses and/or Data Marts.
If this isn’t the role for you, perhaps you have a friend or colleague that would be a fit. I would appreciate your help forwarding this to people in your extended network that may be interested in exploring the opportunity.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

--

Regards,

Asim Ghafar

Technical Recruiter.

ZDAAS

1107 North Point Blvd, Ste 228

Baltimore, MD 21224

Office: 443-836-4932 X 1004

Cell: 239-666-8767

hr3@zd-techsolutions.com
