DRG, part of Clarivate Analytics, provides syndicated research and strategic advisory services focused on digital health and marketing trends among consumers and healthcare professionals in 22 countries around the globe. Clients include top pharmaceutical companies, marketing agencies, health and medical publishers and technology providers. With us, you could make a large impact on our business unit results with backing from the leading player in the medical data industry.

We are hiring a highly skilled Market Research Data Analyst to support our multichannel engagement insights group. We understand how doctors, patients, and formulary decision-makers are using technology to inform their thinking and provide those insights to pharmaceutical marketing stakeholders (e.g., brand marketing teams, global marketing teams, digital content managers). The successful candidate will be expected to support multiple primary market research (PMR) analysis projects, effectively manage time commitments, and eventually assume greater responsibilities for projects. This role will have interactions with client teams, opportunity for advancement, and the ability to influence marketing and strategic planning decisions with global healthcare and pharmaceutical organizations.

Responsibilities:
Design, execute, and analyze survey data across multiple country markets/data sets to derive insights and prepare tables and PowerPoint reports that are relevant to pharmaceutical brand marketers
Secondary research to assess pharmaceutical and healthcare market landscapes, conduct competitive analyses
Manage and execute client consulting engagements, custom projects and client inquiries
Create and deliver compelling, insightful deliverables for clients based on the company’s suite of syndicated data sets
Support analyst team covering healthcare professional insights, including trends in physician or consumer technology adoption, telehealth, commercial innovation for pharma companies and the role of technology in patient care
Deliver client presentations
Keep up to date on technology industry trends most important to our understanding of healthcare trends in the U.S., especially as it relates to the pharmaceutical industry (U.S. and Global) and allied healthcare professionals.
Requirements
3-5 years industry experience in a related position, such as market research, agency, consulting or pharma
Bachelor’s degree required, advanced degree, such as an MBA, MA, or another relevant field is preferred
Exceptional PowerPoint skills
Experience with survey data collection is required (e.g., questionnaire design, survey fielding)
Experience with qualitative research, social or web analytics is a plus
Comfortable working with large data sets; Competency with basic data analysis (Wincross, SPSS, SQL) preferred
Understanding of healthcare trends in the U.S. especially as it relates to the pharmaceutical industry
A passion for understanding complex business questions
Benefits

At DRG, we know that better understanding of data leads to better application of data, which is why our experts partner with our clients to transform varied bodies of data into the evidence required to make well-informed business decisions.

Decision Resources Group is proudly committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

#LI-MD1
