Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Data Quality Lead Analyst for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Utilities clients in White Plains, NY.

Responsibilities:
Engineering, implementation, and integration for new Data Quality solution using Trillium Data Quality tool
Implementation of the new Data Quality solution using Trillium Data Quality tool
Design and implementation of new Data Quality solution
Integration of Data Quality solution with key internal systems (SAP, CRM, Maximo, etc.)
Migration of business rules from existing Data Quality solution (Ataccama) to new Data Quality solution (Trillium)
Migration of dashboard and reports from existing Data Quality solution to Tableau
Migration of Issue Management from existing Data Quality solution to new Data Quality solution
Testing and deployment of new Data Quality solution for ongoing Data Quality assessment and monitoring
Development of Trillium Data Quality tool enhancements
Planning and Execution of Data Quality projects (support ongoing and new)
Engagement with key stakeholders on Data Quality goals, requirements and timelines
Execution of workshops to collect business rules and validate them with stakeholders
Liaison between key stakeholders on ongoing Data Quality operations (Asset, CRM, etc.)
Data Quality Assessment for Data Analytics program use cases
Implementation of Data Quality for new Data Quality work (CDEx, eCRM, SAP, Bid-to-Bill and others), including
Business rule development, testing and deployment
DQ metrics and dashboard development, testing and deployment
Remediation workflow creation, testing and deployment
Administration and support of the Trillium Data Quality platform
Required Skills:
Strong knowledge & working experience in Data Quality - framework, process & tools
Strong Experience in Trillium - Data Quality tool
Experience in Ataccama - Data Quality tool
Working experience of Tableau
Experience with Collibra Data Governance tool preferred
Undergraduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Management, or similar field of study. Graduate degree preferred.
5+ years of demonstrated data quality and development experience
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at www.sgainc.com.
