The Child Mind Institute is seeking a Data Analyst for our Student Success Program. The Student Success Program brings school-wide mental health supports and evidence-based treatment groups to schools throughout the New York and San Francisco area. Since 2012, the Student Success Program has reached over 40,000 students, educators, parents, and school staff, and our community-based clinicians work in over 100 schools per year in NY and CA. Data to this point indicate significant symptom improvement and time-on-task in students who participate in our evidence-based small group interventions, in addition to improvements in educator stress management and efficacy in delivery of mental health support strategies in the classroom. The Data Analysts role will be to work with staff to streamline, digitize, and analyze existing data collected from our comprehensive, multi-tiered, in-school interventions while also expanding and developing more in-depth, long-term, quantitative and qualitative outcome tracking from our educator professional development, social-emotional curriculum, and new and emerging initiatives in in-school intervention and support.

Reporting to Rebecca Fleischman, Associate Director of National Programs and Outreach, this is an exempt, full-time position located in our NYC headquarters. We offer competitive salary and benefits.

The Child Mind Institute is proud to be named a Great Place to Work-Certified company! Our competitive compensation and benefits include medical insurance, 401(k) with match, flexible work schedules, paid parental leave, dependent care and discounted tickets and entertainment perks program.

Responsibilities:
Implementation, execution, and maintenance of Student Success Program data collection, tracking, analysis, and reporting
Exploration of novel digital solutions and streamlining options for data collection and analysis
Work with National Programs staff to expand and amplify short-term and longitudinal data collection on all program components and emerging initiatives
Perform analyses and prepare summaries for projects and reports
Develop graphs, reports, and presentations of project results
Other duties as assigned by Associate Director of National Programs and Outreach
Qualifications:
B.A/B.S. in computer science, mathematics, statistics or related areas. Masters degree a plus.
Prior experience in program, intervention, or nonprofit data collection/analysis/reporting
Experience in preparing data reports for internal/external communication, funders, or partner organizations
Strong interpersonal and communication skills and demonstrated ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with a wide range of individuals/groups.
Motivated self-starter with great attitude, flexibility, and entrepreneurial spirit.
Able to work under pressure to prioritize and manage workload, manage simultaneous tasks, and meet deadlines within a fast paced and changing environment.
Flexibility to work hours to meet productivity goals and deadlines.
Strong teamwork ethic; positive, flexible attitude; ability to take complete ownership of responsibilities.
A passion for the Child Mind Institute mission
Please upload your resume and cover letter during the application process.

The Child Mind Institute is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in employment based on race, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), color, sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sex stereotype, gender identity/gender expression/transgender (including whether or not you are transitioning or have transitioned) and sexual orientation; national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver's license issued to persons unable to prove their presence in the United States is authorized under federal law [Vehicle Code section 12801.9]); ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information/characteristics, marital status/registered domestic partner status, age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law or ordinance or regulation.
