Analyst, Data Centers Industry

451 Research, a division of the 451 Group, has been deeply involved with the colocation and multi-tenant datacenter markets for over a decade. We produce both qualitative and quantitative analysis of the market, providing insight into the competitive strategies of the providers; the considerations and needs of their customers; and detailed market data about providers and geographies.

We serve a wide variety of customers – colocation providers themselves; their customers on the enterprise, connection and service provider side; the investment community; real estate and construction; other service providers to the multi-tenant datacenter, and those who would seek to join the market, etc.

As the market matures, both on the supply and demand side, it becomes ever more sophisticated, and new factors come to the fore. In addition to the increased competition that stems from the acceptance of the 3rd party model, a host of new issues such as energy management; the rise of modular; the cloud in all its forms; regulation and compliance, etc. begin to shape of the market in new ways.

We are looking for a star performer to become a solid contributing member of our analyst team. This member of the analyst team will provide insight and commentary into the technology and economic themes that are driving the evolution of the sector. The topics will include deep dives into the leaders of a given market, but also into the nuanced differences between business cultures in the APAC region. This analysis will be delivered principally via published reports in a variety of lengths and formats. Authoring research is a key responsibility for this role. Additionally, the team member will engage directly with our customers in an advisory capacity; and share their thought leadership at 451 and industry conferences.

The successful candidate will be a literate, self-directed, well-spoken, hard-working individual. The key to being a successful analyst is having an inquisitive nature; always looking to learn, explore, and educate. For this particular role, the successful candidate also needs to be fluent in both English and Mandarin. If the candidate is based in North America, travel to Asia will be required throughout the year. If based in Asia, travel within Asia will be required, and travel to the US for conferences may also be required.

The ideal candidate will have spent at least 1-3 years working within the colocation industry or related sector, such as hosting or managed services, whereby the candidate was a customer of datacenters. That said, we’re open to considering candidates from other technical backgrounds that meet all the other qualifications. Appropriate experience would include roles in strategy, business development, or marketing at a datacenter capacity provider, though relevant experience as a consultant or with other providers would also be considered. Experience beyond the 1-3 year mark would be an input for a more senior position.

Qualifications
Fluent in English and Mandarin Chinese (written and spoken)
Undergraduate degree, ideally a technical BS degree (math, science, engineering, MIS, IT) but possibly a liberal arts, a writing/communications degree, or an MBA.
Five to seven years of experience in business strategy, product management, technical architecture, sales engineering, or a similar role in one or more of the following areas: datacenters, Internet peering, hosting and hosted services, or colocation.
Excellent written communication skills.
Strong skills with Excel and PowerPoint.Experienced and enthusiastic public speaker.
Can be based in the US, Canada, or Asia
Job Requirements
Gather data points from both public and private companies
Update and maintain the data accurately in a proprietary database
Search publicly available news and data sources
Communicate effectively with our analysts and a broad range of industry professionals in the multi-tenant datacenter market
Research and publish both short and “long form” reports with a frequency and of a type agreed with your Research Director while managing tasks, time, priorities and projects independently.
Conduct industry research in support of client consulting engagements and supporting the multi-tenant datacenter research team
Maintain a current understanding of MTDC issues in the US and Asia with the ability to write research about the subject, do consulting for clients and act as an internal subject matter expert
Please fill out the form below to apply.
