At Rockstar Games, we create the games we would want to play ourselves.

A career at Rockstar is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding, large-scale projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a friendly, inclusive environment where you can learn, and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.

Rockstar Games is on the lookout for a talented Business Analyst with a focus on Data Governance in Business Intelligence. This is a full-time permanent position working with our Global Analytics Team.

WHAT WE DO
The Rockstar Analytics team provides insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making.
We work together with a number of departments to design and implement data and pipelines.
We collaborate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data pipelines, data products, data models, reports, analyses and machine learning applications.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Lead the implementation of data governance tools and practices.
Develop control structures to ensure the accuracy and quality of data through all upstream and downstream data channels.
Coordinate the resolution of data integrity and collection gaps by working with the game development and data engineering teams.
Provide thought leadership and participate in projects that involve any of the upstream or downstream data flows and processes.
Assess the current processes and technology in use to make recommendations for effective and practical data governance organization, processes, and technology.
Review and enrich the current reporting development methodology / processes and make recommendations on the level of documentation that needs to be performed and metadata that needs to be captured.
Identify and document data quality problems through data profiling and advanced analysis.
Meet with business stakeholders to gather requirements for self-service reporting and analysis.
Translate complex business requirements into focused technical requirements and data solutions.
Project manage the implementation of data governance.
Prioritize projects through broad cost / benefit analysis.
Present plans and post analysis to stakeholders in a concise and easy to understand format.
Tackle complex problems with a strategic mindset and create thoughtful recommendations and action plans for solving those problems.
QUALIFICATIONS
8+ years of professional experience.
5+ years of experience as Business Analyst.
3+ years of experience in Data related projects (Data Governance, Master Data Management, Reporting, etc.).
Hands-on experience in project management, preferably in the following sectors: e-commerce, digital products, digital video, sports, media and entertainment.
Experience with managing third party vendors.
SKILLS
Attention to detail - ability to apply data management standards and data governance practices.
Process improvement mindset - the ability to identify and implement opportunities to improve existing business processes.
Excellent prioritization skills - ability to evaluate and prioritize a wide array of opportunities within a highly dynamic environment.
Excellent communication skills - comfortable communicating to internal product and development teams, as well as written communications for consumer-facing audiences.
Flexibility to adapt to changing business requirements, and ability to power through ambiguity.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment with a track record of success in leading cross-functional initiatives.
HOW TO APPLY

Please apply with a resume and cover-letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.

Rockstar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to hiring, promoting, and compensating employees based on their qualifications and demonstrated ability to perform job responsibilities.

If you've got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, or race.
