The Federal Reserve Bank of
Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that, together with the
Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal Reserve
System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy, supervises banks
and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides financial
services to depository institutions and the federal government. The
Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and central Pennsylvania,
southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Job Summary:

This Job Description is within the Capital Markets Job Family, aimed primarily for positions within the Risk Assessment, Data Analysis and Research (RADAR) Securities Evaluation Services (SES) business line, but could include anyone within Supervision Regulation and Credit that performs these tasks. An ideal candidate must have knowledge of and be able to perform actions that are related to activities in the SES business line.

Summary:

The Capital Markets Associate possesses some knowledge of fixed income/structured finance securities in bank supervisory areas, including credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, model risk, and bank capital. Assists bank examiners and risk specialists throughout the Federal Reserve System (FRS) in evaluating financial institutions' portfolios of fixed income/structured finance products, producing timely and comprehensive reports for examiners on bank investment portfolios.

The Capital Markets Associate assists ongoing surveillance of the fixed income/structured finance markets to monitor industry trends and identify emerging issues and risks. Prepares and presents accurate and comprehensive reports related to complex and important sectors of the ABS/MBS/Fixed Income markets, briefs and advises business unit and Bank and System management on the identified issues and risks. The Associates assists senior team members with System initiatives and projects, including but not limited to the Dodd Frank Act Stress Tests (DFAST), the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) Program and Basel capital rule setting. The Analyst also works with FRS staff on longer-term research projects involving investment securities or whole loan products, reviews the work of other analysts and provides training to FRS staff on fixed income knowledge.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:

Participates and contributes to the initiatives valuing complex fixed income securities and derivatives products using Intex software and other valuation tools. Assists bank examiners in valuing and evaluating financial institutions' investment portfolios and provide perspectives on areas including credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, model risk, and bank capital.

Participates and assists in the ongoing surveillance of complex and important sectors of the fixed income and structured finance markets to examine current and emerging risks. Prepares and presents accurate and comprehensive conclusions, recommendations, and reports on these sectors for Supervision, Regulation and Credit (SRC) management and staff and Federal Reserve System management and staff.

Assists senior analysts and serves as the System and Reserve Bank subject matter expert in fixed income/structured finance horizontal studies and supervisory initiatives including but not limited to Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), Dodd Frank Act Stress Testing (DFAST) and Basel capital rule setting.

May assist in training FRS staff to promote fixed income learning. May participates on bank, department, or system projects or task forces. Fulfills job duties and responsibilities in conformance with safety and soundness practices. Demonstrates effective SRC Core Competency skills for grade and position. Performs other related duties as assigned.

Subordinates:

None

Scope Measurements :

None

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a business or quantitative discipline, such as economics, finance, or statistics is required, with one to three years of industry experience. An advanced degree in a business or finance discipline with up to 3 years of experience is a plus.

Knowledge and Skills:

Progress towards CFA, FRM or other risk management certification is preferred; knowledge of Bloomberg, Intex and other fixed income software is preferred; programming skills in R, Python (or VB/C#/C ) or VBA, database skills in SQL, or data visualization skills in Tableau is a plus.

Good written and oral communications skills. Assists in presenting findings and assessments concerning highly complex supervisory matters or institutions; demonstrates ability to discuss the most complex issues with any stakeholder either within or outside the Division; assists others in their communication to achieve a consistent message, tone, style and format; actively engages in transferring technical knowledge; demonstrates effective use of listening skills and the ability to manage the communication process.

Good analytical and problem solving skills. Demonstrates analytical skills; gathers tangible and factual evidence from many sources; recognizes symptoms that may indicate severe problems or issues; organizes data and information in a manner that effectively communicates issues and underlying causes. Ability to collect and analyze data to track performance of key variables and identify possible sources of emerging risks within the financial sector.

Good interpersonal skills. Demonstrates the ability to work in a team environment; draws on experience to resolve complex issues; contribute to the complex and diverse team efforts through technical expertise and leadership/skills of influence; leverages relationships and networks to accomplish goals and objectives; encourages and supports other team members to develop productive work relationships.

Good time management skills. Identifies and assesses complex supervisory issues; able to effectively manage highly complex supervisory issues to achieve supervisory or organizational goals. Subject to little to no oversight in work performed; may serve as mentor/coach; may coordinate and/or supervise activities of others; applies specific experience and expertise in business line and recommends preferred courses of action to guide management in highly complex matters. Capital Markets Associates are highly motivated individuals who are able to work under moderate supervision and are interested in fixed income investments.

Other Requirements:

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or FOMC information, which is limited to “Protected Individuals” as defined in the U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are permanent residents must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen when eligible to do so and pursue a path to citizenship. In addition, all candidates must undergo an applicable background check and comply with all applicable information handling rules.

Physical Requirements:

None

Note: This document indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. An employee's responsibilities, tasks, and duties might differ from those outlined in the job description, and other duties, as assigned, are a part of the job. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia reserves the right to modify the elements of this job description, as business needs require.

Background
investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a
condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank
accepts the results of the background investigation.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes
that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as
an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented
people from a diverse candidate pool. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
