Clinical Data Analyst

Summary


This is a multi-faceted position with responsibilities in data analysis as well as clinical content development. The Clinical Data Analyst will aid the clinical staff in managing the clinical data aspects of the organization. This position will assist in procuring, maintaining and integrating the clinical content into FAIR Health products and offerings.

Clinical Data Analyst Responsibilities
Work with data analysts, managers and clinical staff to provide opinions and assist in the explanation of complex issues related to health care claims and how they are coded.
Evaluate, analyze and implement CPT, HCPCS and CDT code additions/changes/deletions for integration into FAIR Health products and offerings.
Engage in product review and root cause analysis on data quality issues, and assist with developing data analysis protocols to help the team make product decisions.
Collaborate with data and product staff on methods, analysis, and production of reports.
Evaluate and establish the validity of claims data and data element combinations to ensure accuracy and completeness of all reporting results.
Work with health care claims data and be responsible for writing SQL queries.
Write queries to manipulate the data, sort, summarize and report on various healthcare trends and information in order to help with the goals of the organization.
Assist customer support with client inquiries.
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Health Information Management or a related field.
5-10 years of experience working in coding, health information management or a related field.
Qualifications & Skills
Comprehensive knowledge of all appropriate billing forms: UB-04, CMS-1500 or state specified, including paper and electronic versions.
Proficient in healthcare billing, coding and payment guidelines/practices/regulations both in the commercial and government space.
Basic understanding of relational databases or at minimum the willingness to learn.
Strong experience and knowledge of Oracle-based SQL.
Coding experience required. Must have a deep familiarity with all healthcare claim code sets.
Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to work in a highly cross-functional, multi-location organization.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Detail-oriented with strong analytic skills.
Comprehensive knowledge of MS Office Suite of Products, including, but not limited to Excel and PowerPoint.
Interested candidates should submit their resume and cover letter to resumes@fairhealth.org.
Please include “Clinical Data Analyst” and your last name in the subject line.

FAIR Health, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and an e-verify participant.
