Job Description
Summary The Production Data Analyst (DA) develops database queries, scripts, tools, and methods to manage data according to client requirements, within defined technical standards, and within time constraints. Emphasis is on ETL procedures. The DA is proficient with relational database concepts and practices, is able to evaluate and write complex SQL queries, and can create and maintain common database objects such as views, stored procedures, and user-defined functions. The DA should be familiar with and able to utilize code management and/or revision control tools and follow standard software development practices. The majority of time is spent developing and refining ETL processes, writing update queries, and writing ad-hoc queries on behalf of clients and stakeholders.

Job Responsibilities

Develop and maintain ETL procedures according to client specifications and within defined technical standards.

Develop and maintain database stored procedures, user-defined functions, views, triggers and other common database objects.

Write custom and ad-hoc SQL queries and update queries.

Follow prescribed software development standards, processes, procedures, methodologies, etc., according to departmental policies and conventions.

Interact and correspond professionally with team members, project management, clients, and other stakeholders.

Account for and accurately log time against project work.

Qualifications

BS Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent industry experience.

2 years hands-on experience with MS SQL Server, 2008 R2 or higher, as a developer or DBA.

Strong SQL skills, able to create and to evaluate complex SQL statements involving numerous tables and complex relationships.

Ability to work in an environment with deadlines and shifting priorities.

Basic understanding of and experience with query performance tuning.

Experience developing and maintaining ETL procedures.

Experience with SSIS preferred.

Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing; able to adjust for intended audience. Fluency in English.

Competencies Integrity

Behaves in an honest, fair and ethical manner; shows consistency in words and actions; does what she/he commits to doing; respects the confidentiality of information or concerns shared by others; is honest and forthright with people; carries his/her fair share of the workload; takes responsibility for own mistakes.

Client Focus - Takes action with the clients, both internal and external, and sees their needs as a primary focus; builds a sustaining collaborative and productive relationship with clients; seeks to understand client situations, issues, expectations, etc.; takes appropriate action to meet client needs and address concerns; implements or utilizes methods to monitor and evaluate client feedback.

Results-Driven - Sets stretch goals for personal and team accomplishment and works tenaciously to achieve those goals; acts with a sense of urgency; takes the initiative on actions; identifies what needs to be done and takes action before being asked; does more than what is normally required in a situation; establishes metrics to monitor progress and measure success; maintains focus by avoiding or overcoming roadblocks.

Entrepreneurial Orientation - Proposes innovative business opportunities/ideas to customers and business partners; encourages and supports entrepreneurial behavior in others; demonstrates willingness to take calculated risks to achieve business goals.

Decisiveness - Makes well-informed, effective and timely decisions even when data is limited or solutions produce unpleasant consequences; perceives the impact and implications of decisions; has the ability to make tough decisions.

Work Environment

Work is fast-paced and performed in an office environment with extensive contact with clients and employees. The industry we serve demands the highest level of confidentiality and professionalism in safeguarding client and project information. Highly effective Class Action and Claims Solutions and Corporate Services associates thrive on being in an environment that rewards the following critical success factors:

1. Adaptability: Appropriately reacting to changing situations without a loss of effectiveness and enthusiasm for strategic initiatives and corporate goals.

2. Analysis: Identifying problems and causes or analyzing how processes and procedures could be improved, collecting relevant information and identifying possible solutions.

3. Attention to Detail: Appropriately completing all of the individual tasks accurately or according to workflow/process guidelines with an emphasis on reaching or exceeding quality standards.

4. Creativity: Being inventive, imaginative and innovative.

5. Development of Others: Providing the means for others to grow and develop personally and professionally within and across departments.

6. Energy: Maintaining a fast, active pace in the normal course of a day.

7. Flexibility: Going into situations without preconceived notions with a willingness to assess various options in order to determine a course of action.

8. Integrity: Strict adherence to job-related standards, values or norms.

9. Learning Ability: Understanding and applying new information.

10. Listening. Hearing and comprehending verbal messages and confirming back what you hear.

11. Team Player: Functioning as an active member of a group while maintaining focus on your individual contributions and responsibilities.

12. Verbal and Written Communication: Effective oral, written and nonverbal expression without preparation.

Physical Demands

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essentials functions.

Position requires no significant manual labor.

Position does require moderate standing, sitting, carrying and walking.

Position requires infrequent lifting, repetitive bending and/or moving.

Position requires close vision, distant vision, peripheral vision, and depth perception.

Position requires talking and listening to communications with clients and employees.
