APCO Insight works with many of the world’s leading companies, associations, nonprofits and public-sector organizations on a diverse range of challenges. Our core research capabilities support reputation management, brand and campaign communications, issues and crisis management, message and creative development, thought leadership, and consumer and cultural trends.

The data science Research Analyst will support APCO Insight data science team members in executing advanced data analytics assignments on behalf of the organization and clients.

APCO Insight’s data science team is increasingly involved in assignments employing statistics (e.g., linear/logistics regression, clustering) to develop insights for communication strategy. The candidate will be involved in secondary research techniques, digital and social media research, and structured/unstructured data analytics.

Responsibilities

Data science assignments involve four core areas: (1) Software, (2) Analytics Methodology Selection, (3) Analytics Execution and (4) Data Storytelling. The candidate is expected to:
Provide day-to-day support of quantitative data-related projects
Prepare and monitor quantitative data collection
Pull data from software sources, such as social listening and media monitoring
Clean, code and manage unstructured (text) datasets
Conduct data analysis including advanced statistical techniques such significance testing, mean, standard deviation, regression, clustering, etc.
Ensure data and reporting quality
Use digital research tools to analyze the conversation landscape and identify target audiences and influencers
Visualize data insights using charts, graphs and tables and develop reports in PowerPoint or Tableau
Write clearly to communicate with colleagues, research partners and clients
Qualifications
1-2 years of relevant experience
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Marketing or Business from an accredited college or university in a related field
Excellent PowerPoint & Excel skills
Proficient with SPSS, R or other comparable statistical programs
Working knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics, strong analytical skills
Familiarity with or willingness to learn digital and social media research tools such as Quid, Affinio, Brandwatch, Talkwalker or other similar programs
Able to multi-task, strong time management and organizational skills
Excellent written and oral skills and the ability to communicate within an organization
Furthermore, the ideal candidate will have an interest in working on a start-up team in an entrepreneurial team within APCO Insight to help develop new products and methodologies to sell to clients and prospects around reputation management, corporate branding, thought leadership and/or public affairs issues management.

Founded in 1984, APCO Worldwide is an award-winning, independently owned global communication and business strategy firm with offices in major cities throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia. APCO combines a global perspective with local expertise to help clients around the world manage challenges, opportunities, perceptions and reputations. APCO clients include corporations and governments; industry associations and nonprofit organizations; and six of the top 10 companies on the Fortune 500. The firm is a majority women-owned business.

APCO Worldwide, named “Public Affairs Agency of the Decade” by The Holmes Report and one of the “Top Places to Work in PR” by PRNews, offers a collegial work environment, countless training and development opportunities, and a competitive compensation and benefits package.

EOE M/F/V/D

Are you ready to challenge convention and challenge yourself?
