FLSA: Non-Exempt/Overtime Eligible

Benefits: Eligible

Hours Per Week: 40/Full-time

Position Summary:

Met Council is Americas largest Jewish charity dedicated to serving the needy. We fight poverty through comprehensive social services and by treating each client with compassion, integrity and respect. Our ten different departments are staffed by experts who help over 225,000 clients each year and advocate on behalf of all needy New Yorkers. Our programs range from 100% affordable housing at 21 locations to our family violence program to Holocaust survivor assistance to senior programming to crisis intervention to the largest free kosher food distribution program in the world. Our network of 75 food pantries, affordable housing sites and JCCs provide services directly in neighborhoods across New York.

The Food Data Analyst will collect, analyze, and disseminate data across the Kosher Food Program, serving as liaison to affiliated food program partners and other Met Council departments more broadly.

Principal Responsibilities:
Manage and monitor data collection across the pantry network and the warehouse;
Produce refine, and deploy qualitative and quantitative reporting tools;
Conduct analysis of monthly reports, surveys and other available data sets;
Facilitate trainings on data collection among pantry sites and systems users;
Create written reports and presentations;
Serve as a liaison to other Met Council teams;
Lead efforts to develop evaluation protocols and data collection tools focused on food insecurity within the kosher requiring community.
Competencies:
Superior analytical skills
Excellent critical thinking skills
Solid problem-solving skills
Exceptional time management skills
Exceptional communication skillsboth written and verbal
Strong computer knowledge, including Windows 10 and all Microsoft Office programs
Ability to work independently and manage multiple complex tasks simultaneously
Significant organization skills, with an ability to stay focused on assigned tasks
Skills and Education:
Bachelors degree (required); Masters degree (preferred)
3+ years experience with SQL
Experience with SPSS, STATA and JASP and multiple Business Intelligence solutions
Experience with R and Python preferred
Fluent in English (required); additional languages helpful
Physical Demands:
Required Constantly: Walking, sitting, grasping, bending, stooping, squatting, computer input, finger dexterity and coordination of hand, eye and foot.
Required Frequently: Standing and climbing stairs; carrying laptop & files (approx. 8-10 lbs).
Required Occasionally: Reaching above the shoulder, and lifting 5-25 pounds, pushing and pulling.
