Who We Are

At Cross River, we are building the best banking and technology products for fintechs, all through APIs. As venture-backed pioneers of the platform-based financial services model known as the sponsor, or partner, bank, we work closely with our partners to offer products such as payments rails and loan origination services to the latest in regulatory and compliance solutions. What drives us every day? A desire to innovate in the service of financial inclusion. Giving access to consumers, whether they are looking for credit or for a better way to pay has been in our DNA from day one. Our nimble, adaptive, one-step ahead culture is powered by our people, their creativity, tech-forward thinking, and collaborative spirit, we are experiencing explosive growth.

What we are looking for

Cross River's Technology team is made up of problem solvers hungry to perfect new products and systems. As SQL Developer, you play a key role. In this role you will focus on SQL reporting. The Technology team cares about results, not activity, and we have fun doing it. If you like challenging problems are analytical, and a great team playerwe want to hear from you!

Responsibilities:
Using SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Domo, or SAS
Design, develop, optimize, maintain and support ETL processes using data warehouse design best practices and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate data from multiple source systems into a Data Warehouse, cleansing data, transforming and loading data from multiple formats using SSIS and stored procedures
Create and optimize SQL Statements, Procedures and Functions
Modify databases according to requests and perform tests
Solve database usage issues and malfunctions
Liaise with developers to improve applications and establish best practices
Ensure all database programs meet company and performance requirements
Research and suggest new database products, services and protocols
A successful candidate will have hands-on experience in a multitude of domains; including, but not limited to database design, data warehousing, business intelligence, big data, database tuning, application optimization, security, virtual computing and storage, incident tracking, and general database administration
Documenting procedures for all tools / processes you create.
Qualifications:
Working independently or minimal supervision
Proven work experience as a Database developer
5 years' experience with SSRS
Hands on experience with SQL
Knowledge of software development and user interface web applications
Familiarity working with .Net Framework, JavaScript, HTML and Oracle
Excellent analytical and organization skills
An ability to understand front-end users' requirements and a problem-solving attitude
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field
Preferred qualifications:
SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Domo, or SAS
Experience with C# .Net development
Cross River is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Cross River does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
