TSR is a premier National U.S. Staffing company with over 50 years of staffing excellence.

Our client, a leading Financial Services company is hiring a Data Management Analyst- Reference Data (Junior role) for 6 month on a contract basis.

Work Location: Getzville, NY

Job Description:

Data Management: Clean the data that is already in the system and meetall regulatory requirements, ensuringreference data across a variety of systems remain up to date.
Work with teams in EMEA and Manila to ensure that all maintenance is performed in a timely and consistent manner.
Identify, research, validate, setup & maintain legal entity reference data (leveraging internal/ external stakeholders and data sources) on central repositories/ applications; legal entity data forms an integral component of Credit Risk exposure; typically data spans legal name verification, address, nature of business, ownership etc.
Liaise with internal/ external stakeholders to provide exception management reconciliation/ reporting.
Conduct analysis to map front to back data flows and provide subject matter expertise, providing input to project requirements to drive business, functional and/ or system/ platform changes.
Perform quality reviews/ refresh of client reference data and our supporting processes/procedures.
Support the delivery of projects spanning : Market/ Regulatory initiatives, Technology/ Platform roll outs, migrations between various internal/ external sources; responsibility may include coordination and input on project delivery (planning, analysis, requirements gathering, governance, status reporting, scheduling etc).
Skills:

Entry level with Bachelors degree in Finance or related areas with strong data analysis and excel skills will be considered.
Strong Microsoft skills: Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Strong focus on Control.
Proven project and process management skills.
Good communication skills with the ability to be assertive.
Organized with an excellent attention to detail.
Ability to focus on high quality work while under pressure.
Comfortable working with large quantities of data.
Comfortable working independently in a dynamic and challenging environment.
Please contact me directly if you are interested in learning more about this opportunity or to discuss our referral program if you know anyone that may be interested.

Regards,
Bonani Dutta
Technical Recruiter
646-668-4351
bdutta@tsrconsulting.com
