Senior Data Scientist in the Analytics Team for the digital transformation program within Wholesale Credit Technology. Senior Data Analyst will be responsible for Software developers design, code, test, debug, document programs as well as maintain corporate systems architecture. Employees work closely with business partners in defining requirements for system applications. Employees typically have in-depth knowledge of development tools and languages. Employees are expected to have in-depth global markets and credit product knowledge, and manage a high level of risk. Is clearly recognized as a content expert by peers. I
The scope of projects include Descriptive, Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics, as well asm NLP activities such as document classification, even detection and data extraction.
Cultivate the team and the infrastructure to support modeling and analyzing both structured and unstructured data for Wholesale Credit Business lines.
Develop value-added analytics and NLP solutions that support revenue generation, business insight, risk management, operational efficiency, regulatory compliance, loan pricing, pre and post-sale loan facility research.
These solutions must overcome issues of complex data (e.g., VLDB, multi-structured, "big data", etc.) as well as deployment of advanced techniques (e.g., machine learning, text mining, statistical analysis, etc.) to deliver insights.
Determine best practices in the areas of NLP, Data Science and Machine Learning.
Facilitate the use of these technologies within the non-retail loan business and loan system applications including Pricing and Credit and other fulfillment and underwriting activities in Wholesale Credit business processes.
Liaise with Global Banking and Markets and Enterprise Level teams to determine the best practices in the firm and contribute to improving proficiency in these areas for WCBT, and the firm more generally.
Work with the Robotics and Analytics Swat Team during project intake and present new technologies that relate to solutions for high ROI applications of analytics.
Manage projects and mentor other Data Scientists.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
MS and/or Ph.D. degree in related field preferred or substantial equivalent experience.
Management experience a plus
Typically requires a minimum of 7-10+ years as a practitioner of machine learning in Financial Markets.
#CB
