Software Guidance Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Data Analyst wCapital Marketsfor a contract assignment with one of our premier financial services clients in Jersey City, NJ. Responsibilities Develop Subject Matter Expertise on the key data elements that are consumed for reporting data to external and internal clients Ensure adherence to and develop best practices supporting the Project Management Standards Ensure the business reporting needs are met with the most elegant and timely technology solutions Ensuring proper development life cycle is followed with artefacts to support Internal Audit and any inquiries Gather business requirements, perform detailed analysis, and produce associated functional specifications across multiple functions. Go-live support, investigation of issues. Participation in large-scale "highly-visible SITUAT testing cycles managing technology and business stakeholders Partner with business technology leads globally to deliver an E2E solution. Partner with business, technology and quant stakeholders to suggest innovative solutions to existing issues Produce implementation approach, timelines, go-live strategy. Project management oversight of the deliverables resources distributed across many different technology teams across the front to back application stack. Provide regular updates to senior management in technology, middle office front office Training of relevant teams prior to go-live of new business processesproducts, functionality or applications Work as lead business analystproject manager in the Olympus team supporting reporting for external and internal clients Work with Data Governance and Quality teams to understand data issues Work with technology leads across various teams to accomplish the reporting objective Work with various technology leads to ensure the gaps in the data completeness or accuracy are converted into prioritized Book of Work items Required Skills 10+ years of business data analysis experience in large technology ecosystems Significant Business Analysis experience across the full project lifecycle (requirements, design, development, testing and deployment). Experience with Global Markets, Private Bank, Payments or Securities Services Product Knowledge preferred. Other general Financial Services experience should be coupled with other qualifications in this list. Any understanding of regulatory constraints and experience in delivering regulatory projects is extremely desirable (MiFID II, SFTR, SDRE (EMIR, CFTC, Volcker, etc.) but not mandatory Front, Middle and Back Office exposure, if any, will be required Exceptional skills on Microsoft Office Excel, Word, Project, Visio, PowerPoint. Should be highly analytical and be able to individually to produce needed insights from the data. Strong SQL with experience working with RDBMS such as Oracle, Sybase, Netezza expected Experience working with teams supporting Business Intelligence platforms such as Tableau, QlikView, Microstrategy, will be a plus A history of delivering against agreed objectives Any applications development experience will be helpful. If not as a developer, experience Ability to leverage strong interpersonal collaboration skills in a fast-paced team environment Ability to multi-task and work under pressure Ability to pick up new concepts and apply the knowledge. Comfortable in presenting suggestions for change and or improving work flow Demonstrated leadership skills at the selected level Enthusiastic and proactive approach with willingness to learn Excellent analytical and process-based skills, i.e. process flow diagrams, business modelling, and functional design Excellent communication skills (there is a requirement to be Business facing) Excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills with tremendous attention to detail Familiarity or the ability to quickly understand and formulate application level requirements pertaining to complex workflows, or integration with external applications Problem-solving and facilitation skills Proficient at writing and delivering business requirement documents and presentations Proven delivery record of multiple projects involving process change and technology enhancements. Proven interpersonal skills with ability to partner and influence across organizational lines Self-motivation and prioritization of tasks and actions to hit deadlines according to business priorities The candidate is expected to be dynamic, flexible with a high energy level as this is a demanding and rapidly changing environment Thoroughness and organization is expected, as well as sound judgment SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings andor to learn more about SGA please visit us online at www.sgainc.com httpwww.sgainc.com .
