We are looking for a seasoned data analyst to become a key player in our Data Product team. Successful candidates will be responsible for empowering our team with meaningful data, validating new products and features, identifying optimization opportunities, and utilizing automation techniques to improve team efficiency. The candidate will be working on a myriad of projects and efforts, including many driven by their own insights and findings. There's never a dull moment; repetitive tasks are non-existent. There's an absolutely incredible amount you will learn here, and you'll be working with one of the largest user behavior datasets in existence.

Data is your passion, you're eager to learn, and you're ready to fully exercise your skill-set.

Responsibilities
Manage projects of the Analytics Team
Design, Develop and Maintain new data sets
Perform rigorous audits of existing data for validity
Reduce the current cost of data infrastructure with data minimization and query optimization
Automate existing redundant tasks using data and tools like looker and airflow
Work with cross-departmental key stakeholders to prioritize projects and translate business needs to analytics needs
Work with members of the analytics team to hit KPI targets and ship new analytics products
Requirements
5+ years of experience
You can perform advanced data transformations in SQL and Excel
You have experience using Business Intelligence tools like Looker to make data available to a broader audience
You can utilize scripting languages like python and R to complete advanced analyses of massive datasets
You can design and create thoughtful queries that identify outliers and unexpected changes in business metrics
You are comfortable reporting on the performance of digital marketing A/B tests
Experience working with abstract concepts and simplifying requirements for easier consumption
You are comfortable using basic statistics concepts
Strong technical skills, business sense, and clear communicator
You're forward-thinking, dynamic, and innovative
You're eager to learn
BounceX is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

JOIN US ON OUR MISSION
BounceX is an international marketing technology solution that brings a "logged-in" experience to logged-out website visitors across all their devices. A category leader in device identity resolution, BounceX helps companies like Uniqlo, HelloFresh and Tribune Interactive orchestrate real-time, multichannel marketing programs customized for the individual behind each device. They're best known for their impact on triggered email performance and website personalization.

Having raised over $44.9 million in funding from proven firms like Battery Ventures, Cross Creek Advisors and Primary Ventures, BounceX was named the Fastest Growing Software Company in America by Inc Magazine. With headquarters in New York and London, BounceX has been recognized by Glassdoor and Crain's for its exceptional culture and being one of the top places to work in the country. The company recently signed both the White House Equal Pay Pledge and the United Nations Women's Empowerment Pledge and continues to set the bar as a pioneer in technology innovation and workplace inclusion initiatives.

What bonds our community together is our commitment to 5 Core Values:
Come Hungry
Carry Each Other
Drive Undeniable Performance
Respect People, Privacy, Ideas
Bounce Back
Come join us on our mission.
