Summary:


Take-Two Interactive, Inc., a leader in the interactive entertainment industry, is looking for a dynamic analyst to support the design and build out of a centralized, enterprise-wide advanced analytics center of excellence, a critical component of the overall enterprise analytics strategy. He/she will support the creative and corporate teams throughout the global organization. This hands-on role is located in New York City and requires strong analytical acumen and exceptional communication skills.

Responsibilities:
Support the design and build of Take-Two's advanced analytics center of excellence
Develop business insights to generate enterprise value creation
Support the development, monitoring and measurement of results of key performance indicators reflecting the health of various Take-Two products in different segments of the interactive entertainment field
Strengthen and maintain Take-Two's internal analytics support systems and infrastructure
Collaborate across Take-Two's creative labels and functional corporate areas of Sales, IT, and Finance to ensure
Appropriate data governance and quality
Effective, efficient and insightful collection, reporting and interpretation of consumer and customer-related data
Integration and development of technology and BI tools to improve reporting and visualization
Support initiative to ensure consistent basic metrics and structure are in place, including standardized, common data terms across the enterprise
Assist in creation of metrics dashboards and data analytics for functional corporate teams to support the core internal functions
Qualifications & Experience:


Bachelor's degree in business analytics, statistics, economics, finance, or related field
2+ years of analytics experience, ideally from one of the following industry areas including: computer gaming, entertainment/media, retail, or online/e-commerce
Basic knowledge of analytics and information management, and of the importance and use of these functions in driving enterprise performance
A confident, self-starter with the ability to think logically and make fact-based decisions
An excellent storyteller with the ability to communicate clearly and concisely – to distill clear and simple themes from analytical findings
Strong teamwork skills and the ability to flexibly adapt in a fast-paced environment
Technical Skill Requirements
Excel – Strong understanding of Microsoft Excel, and experience building basic models (e.g. linear regressions, net present value calculations, solver tool, etc.)
Tableau – Ability to create basic Tableau reports and Dashboards from a variety of data sources to tell a compelling visual story
IT Business Intelligence Reporting Tools – Comfortable interacting with IT Reporting solutions (e.g. dashboards in Tableau, reports from Oracle Business Intelligence, etc.)
3rd Party Analytics Dashboards – Comfortable interacting with 3rd Party hosted analytics solutions (e.g. Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, social listening tools, etc.)
Familiarity with Gaming Industry Reporting Solutions a plus (e.g. Game Pulse, NPD, etc.)
Statistical programming experience (e.g. Python, R, SQL, etc.) a plus
Prior exposure to Sales Planning Tools (e.g. Hyperion Planning, Anaplan, etc.) a plus
