· Lead the identification and root-cause analysis of data quality issues arising through the data chain, from source system to final report.

· Prioritizing data issues and collaborating with business and technology stakeholders to address and remediate issues in a timely manner based on priority and severity.

· Work in conjunction with data consumers and Domain stakeholders to support data quality rules, standards, and thresholds to ensure appropriate data quality monitoring practices are in place.

· Actively tracking regulatory changes and anticipating the impact these will have on the Domain’s data governance and reporting.

§ Financial industry experience is required.

§ A recognized under-graduate degree in business, mathematics, computer science, or a related discipline.

§ A recognized post-graduate or master’s degree in business, finance, CFA, and/or FRM would be an asset.

§ Knowledge of Compliance standards and best practices, with use of analysis tools for monitoring.

§ Knowledge of the Bank's financial instruments, capital markets, and wholesale operational processes & controls.

§ Knowledge of regulatory/liquidity reporting (e.g., 2052A, Liquidity Stress Test, Reg YY, etc.).

§ Knowledge of AML/ATF legislation regulatory requirements related projects.

§ Knowledge of requirements gathering, design methodology, and building test cases - detail oriented, analytical, and capable of investigating complex / technical issues.

§ Able to troubleshoot data related issues and support in the authorization in maintenance and modifications.

§ Good communication / presentation skills (both oral and written).

§ Excellent team player by working with cross-departmental business & IT stakeholders.

§ Highly motivated and committed; capable of working in a dynamic environment with aggressive timelines and multiple work streams running in parallel.

§ Experience with eliciting and provided requirements and design - detail oriented, analytical, and capable of investigating complex / business issue.
