Job ID
762918BR

Location

New York, New York, United States

Business
Disney Streaming Services

Date posted
Jul. 09, 2020
Job Summary:
Comprised of Disney’s international media businesses and the Company’s various streaming services, the Direct-to-Consumer and International (DTCI) segment aligns technology, content and distribution platforms to expand the Company’s global footprint and deliver world-class, personalized entertainment experiences to consumers around the world.

The Walt Disney Company’s Direct-to-Consumer and International segment (DTCI) is a global, multiplatform media, technology and distribution organization for high-quality content created by Disney’s Studio Entertainment and Media Networks groups.

DTCI includes Disney’s international media operations and the Company’s direct-to-consumer businesses globally, including the upcoming Disney-branded direct-to-consumer streaming service, the Company’s ownership stake in Hulu, and the ESPN+ sports streaming service, programmed in partnership with ESPN. BAMTECH Media, developer of the ESPN+ and Disney-branded streaming platforms, oversees all consumer-facing digital technology and products across the Company as part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment.

Regional teams in Disney Streaming partner with local content, marketing, business, and data partners to inform decision-making at scale. As Principal Data Analyst for DSS LATAM Analytics, you will be the direct partner to the regional LATAM Disney+ team, working hand-in-hand to: ensure widespread communication of insights, reports, and tools; highlight best practices; identify and anticipate opportunities for data-driven decision-making; and lead project teams to achieve critical objectives by driving close collaboration between organizations.

Responsibilities:

Partnership: Be the connection between the Disney Streaming data teams and the LATAM data team, influencing and coordinating between teams to facilitate communication and consistently deliver high quality results.
Project Management: Plan, track, and socialize complex cross-functional projects across teams (technical and non-technical) and leaders within DSS and LATAM.
Reporting & Automation at Scale: Partner closely with DSS data teams & the LATAM D+ Data team to understand existing reporting capability and modify/build as needed to address self-service and push-reporting needs at scale.
Ideate & Innovate: Identify, anticipate, and execute on opportunities to deliver impact by knowing the right approach: adapting existing tools and algorithms in novel ways, or building capability from scratch. Keep abreast of emerging technologies and ensure that analytical approaches are designed to incorporate new platforms and trends.
Hands-on Analysis: Conduct complex targeted ad hoc descriptive and statistical analysis to inform regional decision-making to address critical and strategic issues.
Leadership: Mentor junior and senior members of the team to improve their skills and knowledge. Serve as the subject matter expert in relevant technical areas.
Basic Qualifications:

Fluency in English and Spanish is required.
6+ years of analytical experience, including expert hands-on experience with SQL, project and technical leadership.
Expertise with Python/R or other statistical programming language a plus
Expertise in data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau or Looker
Excellence in communicating technical results to non-technical audiences. Experience in presenting to executive audiences is strongly preferred.
Ability to think strategically, and analyze and interpret market and consumer information
Strong interpersonal and relationship management skills particularly with technical or engineering functions
Excellent judgement in selecting methods and/or techniques to resolve issues and challenges.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with streaming services is a plus!
Preferred Education
Advanced degree (PhD or MS) in an analytical field or equivalent experience preferred.
About Disney Streaming Services:


Disney Streaming Services is responsible for developing and operating The Walt Disney Company’s direct-to-consumer video businesses globally, including the ESPN+ premium sports streaming service; Disney+, the dedicated streaming home for entertainment from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic and BAMTECH Media, a global leader in direct-to-consumer video streaming products and solutions. Our core mission is to deliver global audiences the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location. We serve consumers by bringing the world’s most beloved characters, timeless stories, legendary athletes, and epic sporting events to global audiences through best-in-class direct-to-consumer video services. We strive daily to imaginatively challenge convention with innovative technology that gives consumers the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location.

About The Walt Disney Company:


The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.
This position is with Disney Streaming Services LLC, which is part of a business segment we call Disney Streaming Services.

Disney Streaming Services LLC is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.
