Job Requisition Number:81084

Were Bloomberg Enterprise Data - fast paced, innovative and expanding. We have worked hard and smart to become the $1bn business we are today. We partner closely with our clients, taking time to understand their unique businesses and individual data and technology needs. Our endless selection of datasets, covering all asset types, with multiple delivery technologies and flexible scheduling mean our clients are able to get exactly the data they need, when they need it, in the format they prefer. Without us, they simply cant operate.

What's the role?
In this role you will be working with the Bloomberg Enterprise Data Product Management Team specifically on Reference, Regulatory, Alternative and Pricing Data. We are constantly improving our products, to make them more feature rich and application ready, whilst reducing the total cost of ownership. Product Managers have a high level of business, communication, and technology skills, so that they can create working prototypes, specify Engineering tasks, and work effectively with Sales and Clients.

You will design, specify, and create prototypes of large and varied data models and data sets, both financial and non-financial, using a wide range of tools, methods and platforms.
We expect you to evaluate areas of interest, understand what is possible and commercially viable, recognize which models and concepts should be applied, and how the data resources should be acquired. An open, creative approach is critical to your success.

Whilst designing data for diverse addressable markets, you will explore and work with a wide range of data, and apply existing methods or develop new methods. You will also engage in data analysis in a practical way, convince business leaders that your results are worth investing in and educate other analysts and business team members.

Most critically, you will deliver the output of your data design to business users (both non-technical and technical) and will be a key person in shaping the product offering and the customer experience.

Well trust you to
Operate in an influential business role within a fast growing area.
Design and specify commercially attractive products.
Grow your business and technology skills.
Understand addressable markets.
Evaluate what is possible and viable.
Take responsibility for the Data Architecture of multiple data sets.
Work with Engineering, Product Managers, Sales, and Clients.
Youll need to have:
Experience with financial data
Familiar with specifying and using large structured data and data sets to solve complex business demands
Experience in working with Global Teams, across Sales, Technology, Operations and customers
The ability to address multiple priorities in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Legal authorization to work full-time in the United States and will not require visa sponsorship now or in the future
If this sounds like you:
Apply if you think we're a good match! We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are, but in the meantime feel free to have a look at this: https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/data-and-content

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
