Posted Date: Jun 23, 2020
Employment Type: Full Time

The Brinks name is a promise to respect the trust weve earned in over 150 years in business. Every employee honors that promise by offering the highest levels of service and support to our customers. We take pride in our work, and we share a passion about our future. Learn why so many people have made the choice to join our team and stay here.

Job Title

Data Processing & Performance Analyst

Job Description

Brinks Global Services is a division of Brinks Inc, the worlds premier provider of secure logistics and security solutions in more than 122 countries across 5 continents. Brinks Global Services specializes in the secure transportation and handling of valuable goods throughout the logistic value chain, from raw materials and components to finished products within the mining, banknote, precious metal, jewelry, security, art and pharmaceutical industries The company has a proud history of providing growth and advancement opportunities for its employees. We have a challenging opportunity for a Data Processing & Performance Analystbased out of our JFK, New York location.

Job Summary:
The Data Processing & Performance Analyst is responsible for overall data gathering, analysis, and administration of: operating procedural, metrics tracking, communication, and TQM & Lean Development initiatives. This position assists with the development and implementation of performance improvement initiatives and controls used in the US Brinks Global Services (USBGS) network.

Key Responsibilities:
Serve as the primary contact in USBGS for all service-level communications with the USBGS network branches
Daily follow up with the network for coordination of operational activities
Daily management of key performance measures such as POD (Proof of Delivery)
Work closely and objectively with other department personnel to obtain system/process data in support of consolidated performance development
Data entry/data management at large scale
Participate in execution, implementation and monitoring of process improvement initiatives and performance metrics
Auditing of various regulatory compliance requirements and creation of document packets for Customers and relevant Authorities
Work with branches to ensure process efficiencies are implemented and maintained
Work with varies departments to assure that branches are providing acceptable levels of service
Conduct Inter-Company Charges (BTC) analysis, and report irregularities and other findings
Provide reports and analysis, including performance, financial and cost savings summaries
Develop process related training programs & materials for both USBGS and branch staff, and conduct on-going training/development initiatives
Travel to branch locations to conduct inquiries, analysis and audits
Perform other duties as assigned or necessary
About Brinks


Brinks is the global leader in security and logistics services, trusted by banks, financial institutions and businesses in both public and private sectors. We deliver the currency of the world to businesses in our communities. We do it because were needed. We do it because were trusted and valued. We do it because it makes us proud. Brinks Proud.

Whats Next?


Thank you for considering applying for a job at Brinks U.S. To be considered for this position, you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature.

Upon completion of the application process, you will receive an email confirming that we have received your application. We will review all candidates and notify you of your status should we deem you fit for a job. Thank you again for your interest in a career at Brinks U.S. For more information about future career opportunities, join our talent network, Like our Facebook page or Follow us on Twitter.

Brinks is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, marital status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or history or any other characteristic protected by law. Brinks is also committed to providing a drug free workplace.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
