About Attentive:
Attentive is a mobile messaging platform changing the way consumers interact with businesses and organizations. The company is one of the fastest growing startups in New York City and recently raised a $110 million Series C investment led by Sequoia and IVP—two of the world’s leading venture firms—in early 2020, less than 8 months after its Series B round due to strong customer traction. We’ve seen 347% customer growth in just one year, and now work with 1000+ of the most innovative brands like Coach, Urban Outfitters, CB2, PacSun, Lulus, Party City, and Jack in the Box. Attentive was founded in 2016 by the co-founders of TapCommerce, a mobile marketing platform that was acquired by Twitter in 2014.


Role Background:
We are seeking an all-star Lead Data Analyst to join our small but growing Analytics team. As an early data hire, you will be responsible for analytics needs across the organization. You’ll work with teams and leadership to define and shape self-service analytics and a data driven organization. You’ll also help establish the relationship between the Analytics team and the rest of the organization, empowering team members to reach out and request analytical support as they need it. If you are a self starter, excited about building a data driven culture, and motivated by making an impact, then you may be a good fit for this role.
You @ Attentive
You will work with leads across the company to define analytics requirements
You will develop dashboards for teams across the org to support key business decisions
You will define business metrics and maintain a data dictionary
You will work with data engineers to model data in a scalable way, in the service of Business Intelligence
You will define a process to triage and prioritize analytics requests from across the organization
You have exceptional data storytelling abilities, as well as the ability to articulate technical information to a non-technical audience
You have inherent curiosity, skepticism, and analytical follow-through - you can’t help but ask “why?” and love using data and logic to explore potential solutions
You are a self starter with the ability to prioritize, meet deadlines, and identify opportunities with limited oversight
You have experience with designing self service analytics
You have experience in statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing, regressions, experimentation logic and biases)
You have high proficiency with SQL
You have experience managing a modern BI tool like Looker
You have experience developing and documenting data models
You are a team player with excellent collaboration and communication skills
6+ years of analytics experience
Nice to have
You have proficiency or experience with Python
You have experience with Airflow like ETL Orchestration
Benefits & Perks:
Robust health benefits packages including access to a 401k and various medical, dental and vision plans, and $100/month fitness reimbursement
Full support for remote work during COVID-19
Daily lunch delivery credit and other goodies sent to home
Regular company-wide social events (even virtually!)
Generous annual education stipend toward job-related external learning opportunities
An extremely enthusiastic team that appreciates collaboration
Attentive is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to diversity and maintaining a work environment that is free from harassment and discrimination. We’re committed to them because our core values demand it. Values like Integrity First, Listening & Cultivating Discussion, and Default to Action. Applicants from all backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of any protected status under federal, state, or local law.
