Req ID: 97054

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Sr. Data Analyst to join our team in Arlington, Virginia (US-VA), United States (US).
After the initial action plan is accepted, the contractor shall provide an Implementation Plan mapping out the best way to accomplish the Initial Action Plan. The Implementation Plan shall include at a minimum the steps needed to occur, risks and mitigations, potential roadblocks and how they may be handled, technical infrastructure plans (for both analytics and reporting), and timelines.

Working closely with agency staff, the contractor shall work as a team on data packaging to bring together separate but related datasets from within the agency, and as appropriate, complimentary external data sources.

The contractor shall proactively work with feature engineering to improve machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms for the facilitation and discovery of problematic and suspicious trends, patterns and relationships. Honing in on gradual change and anomalous activity in datasets over time to create short-, intermediate- and long-term results oriented packages for agency investigators.

The contractors shall work with agency staff to develop and implement Data Reporting. These reports shall productionize the data analytics produced during this contract. These reports must be user friendly and provided seamlessly to the investigators and other end users for client via classified computing system. All reporting shall be validated for accuracy and sourcing and the contractor shall provide explainable documentation for all reports as requested by agency personnel.

The contractor shall provide a Training Plan that shall include plans for training end users on the reports provided to the end users, possible avenues for training are on-line training for non-local users, videos, and one-on-one training for local users.

Requirements

10 years total experience in intelligence research and analysis, data analysis, forsenic accounting, investigations or any combination

5+ years in-depth knowledge and proficiency in MS Excel, PowerBI, and/or other data analytic/visualization tools in order to design and build formulas, charts, links, pivot tables, etc.

2+ years’ experience with the ability to manipulate unstructured data from different platforms
2+ years experience in Technology, statistics, computer information systems; auditing; investigative; mathematics; and units of measure

Must be able to obtain a Public Trust

B.A. or B.S. degree; Educational background in Data Science, is a plus

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.

Nearest Major Market: Arlington Virginia
Nearest Secondary Market: Washington DC
Job Segment:
Database, Consulting, Information Systems, Cloud, Systems Analyst, Technology
