Strength Through Diversity

Ground breaking science. Advancing medicine. Healing made personal.

The Data Analyst I performs activities related to database management, maintenance of data integrity and security, and basic statistical analyses. The Data Analyst I facilitates and enhances the value of datasets for faculty researchers and other analysts through a range of duties and responsibilities. Such duties may include cleaning, creating, and linking datasets. The Data Analyst I may assist with the movement of data across multiple systems, oversee its validation and organization, and ensure that data is available to appropriate people and systems within an organization.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Develop, maintain, and implement procedures for data entry, data cleaning, linking data, documentation, and other tasks
Implement modeling techniques and tools to support data structure.
Implement best practices in data management to ensure the integrity of data and quality of data processes
Maintain knowledge of the current regulations and technologies related to data management
Design and write custom applications to ensure databases meet requirements throughout data entry, management, and reporting
Define parameters for file or space utilization, if necessary
Assist in data capture, extraction, and analysis
Maintain data integrity, and support data analysis, as necessary
Document, implement, maintain, and recommend operating methods to improve collection, cleaning, processing, editing, distribution, and flow, of data
Deliver analyzable or analyzed data to internal and external stakeholders
Assist faculty and staff with queries, simple statistical analyses, report generation, and technical difficulties related to data retrieval
Assist with writing and preparing manuscripts and other materials for internal and external audiences
Work closely with IT management and staff
Performs other duties as needed
Requirements:
Master's degree in relevant field with relevant coursework/internships/research assistantships, OR Bachelor's degree in relevant field with at least 2 years of relevant experience
Training in biostatistics is preferred
Strength Through Diversity

The Mount Sinai Health System believes that diversity is a driver for excellence. We share a common devotion to delivering exceptional patient care. Yet we're as diverse as the city we call home- culturally, ethically, in outlook and lifestyle. When you join us, you become a part of Mount Sinai's unrivaled record of achievement, education and advancement as we revolutionize medicine together.

We work hard to acquire and retain the best people, and to create a welcoming, nurturing work environment where you can develop professionally. We share the belief that all employees, regardless of job title or expertise, can make an impact on quality patient care.

Explore more about this opportunity and how you can help us write a new chapter in our story!

Who We Are

Over 38,000 employees strong, the mission of the Mount Sinai Health System is to provide compassionate patient care with seamless coordination and to advance medicine through unrivaled education, research, and outreach in the many diverse communities we serve.

Formed in September 2013, The Mount Sinai Health System combines the excellence of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai with seven premier hospital campuses, including Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai Beth Israel Brooklyn, The Mount Sinai Hospital, Mount Sinai Queens, Mount Sinai West (formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt), Mount Sinai St. Luke's, and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai.

The Mount Sinai Health System is an equal opportunity employer. We promote recognition and respect for individual and cultural differences, and we work to make our employees feel valued and appreciated, whatever their race, gender, background, or sexual orientation.

EOE Minorities/
