This is an outstanding 2 year contract opportunity with our client, a well-respected market leader, located in Lake Success, NY.The Production Data Analyst (DA) develops database queries, scripts, tools, and methods to manage data according to client requirements, within defined technical standards, and within time constraints. Emphasis is on ETL procedures. The DA is proficient with relational database concepts and practices, is able to evaluate and write complex SQL queries, and can create and maintain common database objects such as views, stored procedures, and user-defined functions. The DA should be familiar with and able to utilize code management and/or revision control tools and follow standard software development practices. The majority of time is spent developing and refining ETL processes, writing update queries, and writing ad-hoc queries on behalf of clients and stakeholders.

Job Responsibilities

Develop and maintain ETL procedures according to client specifications and within defined technical standards.

Develop and maintain database stored procedures, user-defined functions, views, triggers and other common database objects.

Write custom and ad-hoc SQL queries and update queries.

Follow prescribed software development standards, processes, procedures, methodologies, etc., according to departmental policies and conventions.

Interact and correspond professionally with team members, project management, clients, and other stakeholders.

Account for and accurately log time against project work.

BS Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent industry experience.

2+ years hands-on experience with MS SQL Server, 2008 R2 or higher, as a developer or DBA.

Strong SQL skills, able to create and to evaluate complex SQL statements involving numerous tables and complex relationships.

Ability to work in an environment with deadlines and shifting priorities.

Basic understanding of and experience with query performance tuning.

Experience developing and maintaining ETL procedures.

Experience with SSIS preferred.

Experience or familiarity with C# or Visual Basic is a plus

Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing; able to adjust for intended audience. Fluency in English.

THIS POSITION IS OPEN TO W-2 CANDIDATES ONLY. NO THIRD PARTIES PLEASE.
