What We're Looking For:

The Senior Analyst, Marketing Testing and Data Operations will manage the CRO implementation and tech product suite behind 2Us A/B testing and data operations. They will support existing technology integrations, tag management, reporting and data feeds and enable personalization and testing at scale. They will monitor existing testing and data collection products and will interface with marketing, data science and technology teams to initiate new product trials, as well as prioritize and develop requirements for enhancements to existing internal Marketing products. They will act as a thought leader within the team, and will seek ways to improve processes around testing and data operations overall.

Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To:

Implementation:
Execute web experimentation, GTM tag placements/best practices, and GA roll-ups/permission requests
Develop and champion new testing capabilities (query param triggered content, dynamic deadline content, personalization, exit intent)
Set up and configure necessary marketing tech infrastructure for new program launches
Create and maintain various reporting dashboards and data feeds
Interface with Data Science team to maintain and improve web marketing data tables
Product Management:
Manage operations, permissioning and usage of varying marketing technology products such as Google Analytics, GTM, Segment, and Optimizely
Prioritize and communicate critical bugs and issues to Manager for escalation to engineering team/vendors
Collaborate with marketing stakeholders to align on testing strategy and upcoming testing initiatives
Build and maintain documentation for marketing technology products
Planning and Communication:
Lead teamwide projects and initiatives
Mentor junior-level team members
Interview marketing stakeholders and solicit feedback to identify challenges to processes and products, and identify requirements for new products
Recommend process improvements around existing workflows
Work with various stakeholder groups to refine product and technical requirements to support overall marketing objectives
Research products and vendors, and conduct vendor assessments based on stakeholder requirements and business needs
Things That Should Be In Your Background:
Bachelor's degree, preferably in business, computer science, or a quantitative field
Minimum 2-4 years industry experience
Experience with Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager (certification preferred)
Experience with web analytics tools such as Segment (formerly Segment.io), Salesforce CRM, Omniture, WebTrends
Experience with A/B/multivariate testing tools such as Optimizely
Ability to understand and write SQL queries
Comfortable learning and discussing technical concepts
Ability to recognize data issues and investigate and propose solutions
Strong planning, communication and organizational skills
Experience working on cross functional teams with multiple stakeholders
Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript and other programming languages preferred
About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

At 2U, we power world-class online education and in-person boot camps. Going beyond traditional learning management systems, we use tech, people, and data to help top universities transform in the digital eraand eliminate the back row in higher ed. We support lifelong learning which means thinking beyond a single degree. It means finding ways for students to gain the skills they need to change careers, evolve their expertise, and meet the challenges of the changing world head-on. We help universities fill those needsdeveloping new digital education technologies and offerings capable of supporting students at different points in their lives. Whether they need a simple refresher, to learn something new, or to change their career trajectories completely, our university partners are there to help them succeed.Together with our partners, 2U has positively transformed the lives of more than 150,000 students and lifelong learners. 2U, Inc. has acquired and integrated two companies broadening our portfolio of education offerings into short courses with GetSmarter and boot camps with Trilogy. This role supports our 2U line of business.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Benefits & Culture

Working at 2U means working with individuals that are passionate and mission driven. We collaborate on tough problems to deliver the best outcomes for our partners, students, and each other. You will find team members working together in our open office spaces, gathered in the kitchen grabbing a snack, or taking a break in our game rooms.

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:
Medical, dental, and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Tuition reimbursement program
Generous paid leave policies including unlimited PTO
Additional time off benefits include: volunteer days, parental leave, and a company-wide winter break from Christmas through New Years!
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans' status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U's equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
