The Data Analyst supports the Managed Care Department by assisting in the development of quality improvement and validation studies, The Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data, writing reports for large and small-scale research studies, developing and managing internal databases, and designing and producing plan technical, Access And Availability and other data reports.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to prepare cogent analyses using a variety of statistical, spreadsheet and database programs.
Exceptional writing skills, with the ability to clearly and thoroughly present quantitative and qualitative review findings to interested parties with varying technical backgrounds. Ability to write well and quickly.
Excellent communication skills; in particular, able to provide technical assistance to MCO staff and able to actively participate in quality improvement group meetings.
Ability to coordinate workgroups to design quality improvement studies.
Ability to handle all aspects in the full cycle of a research project.
Ability to work independently and with minimal supervision.
Ability to manage time effectively and meet client deliverables.
Ability to relate to staff at all levels of familiarity with computers and statistics.
Must have flexibility of work hours and ability to travel when needed.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in an analytical, research or health-related field (required); Master’s degree in public administration, public policy, public health or related social science with course work including both statistical and process analysis (preferred);
One year experience working in a health care field preferred; and
Experience with a variety of software packages, particularly Word, SAS/SPSS, Excel, Access and PowerPoint preferred.
IPRO offers a comprehensive benefits package.

IPRO is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment for without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status
