Job Summary:
Comprised of Disneys international media businesses and the Companys various streaming services, the Direct-to-Consumer and International (DTCI) segment aligns technology, content and distribution platforms to expand the Companys global footprint and deliver world-class, personalized entertainment experiences to consumers around the world.

The Walt Disney Companys Direct-to-Consumer and International segment (DTCI) is a global, multiplatform media, technology and distribution organization for high-quality content created by Disneys Studio Entertainment and Media Networks groups.

DTCI includes Disneys international media operations and the Companys direct-to-consumer businesses globally, including the upcoming Disney-branded direct-to-consumer streaming service, the Companys ownership stake in Hulu, and the ESPN+ sports streaming service, programmed in partnership with ESPN. BAMTECH Media, developer of the ESPN+ and Disney-branded streaming platforms, oversees all consumer-facing digital technology and products across the Company as part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment.

Regional teams in Disney Streaming partner with local content, marketing, business, and data partners to inform decision-making at scale. As Principal Data Analyst for DSS LATAM Analytics, you will be the direct partner to the regional LATAM Disney+ team, working hand-in-hand to: ensure widespread communication of insights, reports, and tools; highlight best practices; identify and anticipate opportunities for data-driven decision-making; and lead project teams to achieve critical objectives by driving close collaboration between organizations.

Responsibilities:

Partnership: Be the connection between the Disney Streaming data teams and the LATAM data team, influencing and coordinating between teams to facilitate communication and consistently deliver high quality results.
Project Management: Plan, track, and socialize complex cross-functional projects across teams (technical and non-technical) and leaders within DSS and LATAM.
Reporting & Automation at Scale: Partner closely with DSS data teams & the LATAM D+ Data team to understand existing reporting capability and modify/build as needed to address self-service and push-reporting needs at scale.
Ideate & Innovate: Identify, anticipate, and execute on opportunities to deliver impact by knowing the right approach: adapting existing tools and algorithms in novel ways, or building capability from scratch. Keep abreast of emerging technologies and ensure that analytical approaches are designed to incorporate new platforms and trends.
Hands-on Analysis: Conduct complex targeted ad hoc descriptive and statistical analysis to inform regional decision-making to address critical and strategic issues.
Leadership: Mentor junior and senior members of the team to improve their skills and knowledge. Serve as the subject matter expert in relevant technical areas.
Basic Qualifications:

Fluency in English and Spanish is required.
6+ years of analytical experience, including expert hands-on experience with SQL, project and technical leadership.
Expertise with Python/R or other statistical programming language a plus
Expertise in data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau or Looker
Excellence in communicating technical results to non-technical audiences. Experience in presenting to executive audiences is strongly preferred.
Ability to think strategically, and analyze and interpret market and consumer information
Strong interpersonal and relationship management skills particularly with technical or engineering functions
Excellent judgement in selecting methods and/or techniques to resolve issues and challenges.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with streaming services is a plus!
Preferred Education
Advanced degree (PhD or MS) in an analytical field or equivalent experience preferred.
