Job Description
Wintellisys, Inc. has joined with a large company in search of a Data Remediation Analyst.

This is a contract position located in New York, NY.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge.
Responsible for executing the Domain’s day-to-day data management activities, including remediating data quality issues in their Domain and implementing change management processes.
Responsible for establishing and maintaining strong data management capabilities e.g.:
Developing and maintaining accurate data lineage for critical data (working with IT)
Documentation of end-to-end processes, including EUCs and Key Controls
Establishment of Service Level agreements with appropriate data providers
Establishment of Data quality measurements and reporting
Establishment Issue management process and procedures
Minimum Job Requirements:
Lead the identification and root-cause analysis of data quality issues arising through the data chain, from source system to final report.
Prioritizing data issues and collaborating with business and technology stakeholders to address and remediate issues in a timely manner based on priority and severity.
Work in conjunction with data consumers and Domain stakeholders to support data quality rules, standards, and thresholds to ensure appropriate data quality monitoring practices are in place.
Actively tracking regulatory changes and anticipating the impact these will have on the Domain’s data governance and reporting.
Financial industry experience is required.
A recognized under-graduate degree in business, mathematics, computer science, or a related discipline.
A recognized post-graduate or master’s degree in business, finance, CFA, and/or FRM would be an asset
Knowledge of Compliance standards and best practices, with use of analysis tools for monitoring.
Knowledge of the Bank's financial instruments, capital markets, and wholesale operational processes & controls.
Knowledge of regulatory/liquidity reporting (e.g., 2052A, Liquidity Stress Test, Reg YY, etc.).
Knowledge of AML/ATF legislation regulatory requirements related projects.
Knowledge of requirements gathering, design methodology, and building test cases - detail oriented, analytical, and capable of investigating complex / technical issues.
Able to troubleshoot data related issues and support in the authorization in maintenance and modifications.
Good communication / presentation skills (both oral and written).
Excellent team player by working with cross-departmental business & IT stakeholders.
Highly motivated and committed; capable of working in a dynamic environment with aggressive timelines and multiple work streams running in parallel.
Experience with eliciting and provided requirements and design - detail oriented, analytical, and capable of investigating complex / business issue.
If interested in learning more about Wintellisys and this opportunity, please submit your resume in WORD format for consideration to Vicki Clinton, vclinton@wintellisys.com

Job ID Number: J-222 (Please reference in call or email)

To learn more about our services visit www.wintellisys.com
