Job Description


About the position:

Wirecutter is looking for a Senior Analyst to use data and analytics to support world-class journalism in delivering on our vision to be the most trusted and loved service for figuring out what to buy. The senior analyst will work with product, design, and audience development teams to build tools and insights that directly influence business decisions and strategy. This position requires both strategic and tactical viewpoints, strong communication skills, and advanced knowledge of statistics and analytical techniques. You will be reporting to the Senior Manager, Business Intelligence and Analytics.

This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to be at the center of Wirecutter’s product roadmap, and the chance to help readers’ engage with quality journalism in new ways for a whole new audience of people. The analyst will be able to manipulate large, complex data sets, and extract insights that can be distilled into clear, actionable solutions. Last, but not least, the analyst should be a problem solver with a deep sense of curiosity and be excited to work with people filled with passion and integrity.

Responsibilities:
Provide analytical support to product and design teams to analyze reader-facing features that drive growth and engagement. Includes defining key metrics and analyzing A/B tests to determine impact
Execute deep-dive analysis that delivers clear, actionable insights
Develop user-friendly tools and dashboards in partnership with the data infrastructure and product engineering teams
Work with teams across the company to understand business needs, evaluate the optimal strategies, and assist in the goal-setting process
Create ad-hoc reports as requested in a timely and accurate manner
Qualifications:
3+ years relevant professional experience in an analytical role
Experience with web analytics (e.g., Google Analytics) and SEO
Experience with data visualization tools (Looker, Data Studio, Tableau, etc.)
Experience with A/B testing
Strong skills in SQL and big data environments
Strong communication and presentation skills – written, visual, and verbal
Excellent analytical reasoning and problem-solving skills
A collaborative mindset and sense of curiosity is essential
About Wirecutter:

Wirecutter helps people buy the right things for the way they want to live. The site was founded by journalists in September 2011 and was acquired by The New York Times Company in October 2016. Our recommendations are made through vigorous reporting, interviewing, and testing by teams of veteran journalists, scientists, and researchers. Consider us a best-of list for everyday things; a curated gallery filled with only interesting, useful objects; a thank-you note to the designers and engineers who create the stuff that makes our lives better; a geeky friend with next-level research skills who tests everything they buy so you don’t have to. The point is to make buying great gear quickly easier so you can get on with living your life.

We pride ourselves on following rigorous journalistic standards and ethics, and we maintain editorial independence from our business operations. Our recommendations are always made entirely by our editorial team without input from our revenue team, and our writers and editors are never made aware of any business relationships. Wirecutter is mission driven and reader supported; learn more about us here.

Our Company Principles:

Our principles help us create a work environment that breeds trust, respect, learning and is one that we all are excited about showing up to each day.

Seek Understanding: We are lifelong students who want to understand the world around us. We are curious to understand our readers, how we get better at our own disciplines and how we can work better together. This means we are active listeners, information hunters and empathetic.

Explain Why: Because we seek to understand, we value the importance of explaining our ideas and our understanding. This means we are constructively candid, sharing our perspectives and the thought process behind it. And then learning from the conversation that ensues. We are all teachers and students, helping each other grow.

Solve Things: We love to solve things, whether they are our own problems, our readers problems or our colleagues problems. While we often can solve problems on our own, we believe our best results come out when we solve them together.

Get It Done: We are passionate about getting things done. Whether it is our own individual work or teamwork, our instinct is to forge a path forward and learn as we go. This means we continually focus on how to turn work into achievable chunks, communicate those effectively to the team and efficiently execute against them.

Make It Better: We aren’t satisfied with perpetuating the status quo. We’re always looking forward. We live to change the world around us for the better, making a difference in our own lives and our readers’ lives. If we are being ambitious enough, this means that we will both fail and succeed and we take pride in owning both of those outcomes as long as we are learning.

Location:

This position can be located in Wirecutter’s Long Island City office or remote. Wirecutter remains a highly remote friendly culture, and proud to employ incredible people across the country. Right now, we are eligible to hire in AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, IA, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, NH, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, TX, VA, WA.

Overview of Benefits at Wirecutter and The New York Times Company:

Though Wirecutter has physical locations in both NYC and LA, the company promotes and encourages a remote workforce, so that our employees can work in flexible and comfortable ways. We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program as well as tuition reimbursement. The New York Times Company offers frequent panel discussions and talks by industry leaders (Sheryl Sandberg, Melinda Gates and Ta-Nehisi Coates are a few recent examples), that we encourage our employees to attend.

We believe diversity fuels innovation and creativity, and we have a variety of employee groups and task forces across The New York Times Company and Wirecutter dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace.

#LI-AM1

The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.

The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local \"Fair Chance\" laws.
