Encounter Data Analyst, Lake Success
General Information
Job Title:
Encounter Data Analyst
Location:
1981 MARCUS AVE SUITE 100
Lake Success, NY, 11042
United States
Employee Type:
Full-Time
Job Category:
Analytics
Industry:
Healthcare
Required Degree:
4 Year Degree
Contact information
Name:
Drew Baker
Phone:
347-505-3573
Email:
dbaker@integraplan.org
Description
General Purpose/Scope:

The Encounter Data Analyst evaluates encounter data and identifies errors created by operational, claims, and eligibility processes. This position will research, analyze, summarize, and categorize all types of encounters based on response files from NYSDOH and CMS, as appropriate. This position will also work closely with other internal departments, delegated vendors, and government agencies to monitor and communicate that the paid and denied claims adjudicated are accurately submitted and processed to the NYSDOH and CMS, as appropriate. These claims, called ‘encounter data,’ are submitted along with member and provider files from the plans, and are critical data inputs used to inform program total cost of care, quality, and utilization – which are ultimately used to inform risk sharing and other incentive-based payments from the NYSDOH to the ACOs and MCOs.

The Encounter Data Analyst will need to understand the overall data, process flows, and provider data specifications used within the NYSDOH, and work with the Data Warehouse and Analytics teams to create targeted and ongoing reports to track data accuracy and timeliness; and support ACO and MCO management teams in working collaboratively with partners to improve overall encounter, member, and provider data quality.

Responsibilities Include:
Retrieves, compiles, reviews, and ensures the accuracy of encounter data from Integra systems and delegated vendor sources, using an 837-file format.
Will need to be able to access data from the Integra Data Warehouse using a variety of tools such as MS Access and SAS Enterprise Guide.
Summarizes large volumes of encounter data in analytical reports that include tables, graphs, qualitative and quantitative analyses for management review and use.
Reviews and ensures the accuracy of reports and corrects discrepancies.
Works closely with IT to ensure data completeness, data accuracy, and data availability.
Assists in the development of reports and projects, including documenting methodology, protocols, analysis, and design.
Programs using SAS, SQL or other appropriate software to generate reports based on input/direction from management and other report users.
Collaborates with other departments and vendors to identify missing data, errors or other anomalies; works with them to correct these encounter data errors, gathers necessary information and provides guidance on regulatory reporting needs.
Monitors encounter data integrity of various databases and create monthly, quarterly and ad-hoc reports.
Initiates and maintains internal contacts to secure current/correct encounter data necessary for clear presentations of all reports, special projects, etc.
Assists in the development of analysis plans, which includes documenting analyses methodology, protocols, and design.
Researches, recommends and implements efficient means of data collection, maintenance, and analysis.
Reviews and identifies trends and variances in encounter data and reporting.
Researches findings and determines the appropriateness of elevating identified issues to leadership for further review/evaluation/action.
Performs special projects and other duties, as needed.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Public Health, Healthcare Informatics, Health Administration, Statistics, or other relevant discipline required
Minimum 2 years of increasingly responsible data analysis/reporting experience in a healthcare setting
Minimum of 1 year performing encounter data analysis of APD, EDPS, and/or RAPs in a health care or health plan organization
Skills/Abilities:
Knowledge of encounter data processes, files, etc.
Computer proficiency in Outlook, Word, PowerPoint. Advanced proficiency in personal computer programs, including MS Excel (including formulas, sorts, filters, pivot tables, IF statements, VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP, etc), MS Access (criteria statements, table links, and database and report creation).
Experience working within a data warehouse environment
Strong detail orientation and organizational skills
Effective oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills required
Knowledge of MLTC and Medicare Advantage encounter data analytics preferred
Knowledge of SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Base programming preferred
Integra is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination or harassment based on any characteristics protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate.

If this opportunity sounds exciting and challenging to you, please apply.
