Data Analyst,, Sales Operations - Oracle Data Cloud-20000A7B No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position. Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English
Preferred Qualifications


As a member of Business Intelligence
team, you will be responsible for managing stakeholders, collecting
requirements, and performing analytics with a complex and granular financial
data set. Your primary focus will be working with business stakeholders to
understand their needs and deliver results that are timely, accurate and relevant.
In this position, you will play a key role in defining how ODC analyzes, talks
about, and views key business performance metrics. You will have the
opportunity to learn a exciting industry, work with new technologies, and grow
with the business.

You’ll need to combine
your ability in relationship building with analytical, data presentation, and
project management skills, whilst working with many functions across the Oracle
Data Cloud family, including sales, finance, marketing, and product teams, all
the way up to the executive team. You’ll need to know what data you have at
your fingertips and be able to think how you can use it to help the person in
front of you. Every day you will be playing a key role in helping Oracle Data
Cloud operate more efficiently and effectively.
Primary Responsibilities:

Front-line
Support: Be the first port of call for any queries that come into the
team. Answer the ones you can and help guide the ones you can’t to the right
people.

Requirements
Gathering: Find out today’s burning questions and work out how we can
answer them. Work out tomorrow’s questions before they’ve been asked and keep
us ahead of the game.

Report
Delivery: Make sure that the stakeholders that use our data get it when
they need it, in a form that makes sense to them. Be able to set expectations
around when they’ll receive it and respond to questions about it once they have
it.

Data
Curation: Who owns this account? Which product line is this SKU on? Which
team is that sales person on? You may not know, but you know who to ask, and
you know how to use the tools to record it.

End-User Training:
Ensure that our customers know what tools they have at their
disposal, and what they can do when they have them.

Ad Hoc
Analysis: Not every piece of work needs to be a multi-sprint project
involving a cast of thousands. Sometimes someone just needs an answer now to a
question that they’ll never need to ask again. Whether it’s done in Excel, SQL,
or the back of a napkin, just get it done.
Skills & Qualifications:

Experience: At least
4 years’ experience in a role that includes finance, sales or business analysis.
Must know your way round an Excel spreadsheet. SQL would be useful, and VBA a
bonus. Knowledge of data visualization tools like Tableau or Power BI wouldn’t
go amiss either.

Relationship
Builder: Everyone’s new best friend. Works well in team efforts,
building trust and respecting boundaries. Reads situational dynamics and
responds appropriately. Influences rather than directs.

Analytical: Good with numbers. Never
loses a decimal place. Knows how many zeroes there are in half a billion.
Calculates compound interest in their sleep.

Versatility: Are you
more of a data person, or a people person? The answer is “both” – you think
like a sales person, but you feel like an analyst, and then tomorrow you’ll
talk like tech and walk like marketing. Can crunch numbers and tell captivating
stories, all with one arm tied behind your back.

Honesty
& Integrity: Does not cut corners ethically; earns trust and does the right
thing. If people don’t trust us, they don’t trust our data, and if they don’t
trust our data then what have we got left?
Job Location

Broomfield, CO or New York, NY

Detailed Description and Job Requirements
Provides programs to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of the organization*s financial and tactical business objectives. Provides business practices and processes. Develops, communicates, and trains the organization on business practices and processes.

Serve as a liaison with other divisions such as Finance, Contracts, HR, Legal, Shared Services, Accounts Receivable, Purchasing, and Risk Management in an effort to ensure accurate and timely transaction processing. Collect, input, verify, correct, and analyze data to measure key performance indicator actual versus business objectives. Provide updates to management regarding budget to actual, informing them of deviations and opportunities. Provide management with economic impact and compliance issues surrounding key business decisions and/or deals. Communicate Oracle Business Practices to the organization and monitor process and approvals for full compliance. Drive implementation of new processes and procedures.

Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Attention to detail critical. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format. Follow-through skills necessary to get information from internal and third parties and have data errors/omissions corrected. Relationship management skills strongly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills to interact with management and possible clients desired. 2 plus years relevant work experience.

Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job
: Business Operations
Travel
: No
Location
: US-CO,Colorado-Broomfield
Other Locations
: US-NY,New York-New York
Job Type
: Regular Employee Hire
Organization
: Oracle
