IQVIA is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

Join us on our exciting journey!

IQVIA is The Human Data Science Company, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward.

Business Analyst,

Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence

We are looking for a confident, energetic and intellectually curious Product Business Analyst to join our Plymouth Meeting-based team. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of one of the world's leading Machine Learning Products in Healthcare teams, working to help our clients answer specific questions globally, make more informed decisions and deliver results.

Youll be tackling deeply meaningful human and societal healthcare challenges from under-diagnosis of rare diseases to the selection of best treatment therapies for cancer patients with the aid of cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning Products.

What the Product Business Analyst role will entail:
Requirement Gathering: Arranging meetings with clients and stakeholders, understanding their requirements and co-ordinating with Product Managers to prioritise them
Requirement Analysis: Analysing the requirements and mapping technical dependencies
Requirement Documenting: Creating and maintaining the product backlog for each product
Supporting Scrum: Supporting the scrum processes, running the sprint planning meetings.
Product QA: Providing acceptance criteria for product requirements, working with both the developers and QA team to ensure the requirements are fully met and validated
Demos: Providing demos to the stakeholders at the end of each sprint
User-tests: Co-ordinating and facilitating UAT testing with stakeholders to ensure the product meets user expectations
Pre-sales: Creating content for client project proposals, product marketing materials and other client collateral / deliverables
Operations: Supporting the day-to-day operations of the project and providing status updates to management when requested
Our ideal candidate:
Technical Skills: Understands the main technical components and technical processes behind a digital product. Ease of communicating with technical team members and brainstorm solutions to technical problems. Familiar with the software development process. (Prior engineering education / experience is a plus)
Business Skills: Understanding clients businesses and their needs, our product strategy, our unique selling points and our competitive landscape. (Prior experience working with marketing / sales / consultancy / strategy teams is a plus)
Analytical / Critical Thinking: A methodical and structured thinker, and precise communicator
Data Analysis: Experience and comfort dealing with data, and experience with analytic tools (Excel, Tableau etc.) to extract business insights from data. (Knowledge of SQL is a plus)
Healthcare / Clinical Experience (Optional): Already familiar or eager to learn the Pharma and Healthcare industry dynamics. (Prior clinical experience and/or heath data experience is a plus)
Innovation focus: Passion for developing cutting-edge tech products. Familiar with tech trends
Methodical, Systematic, Process-Oriented: Ability to perform day-to-day project management
Detail-Oriented: A high level of attention to detail and focus on high quality deliverables
Nice-to-work-with: Has a friendly and positive attitude
The Team

Our Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence team within the Real-World Solutions (RWS) Technology division is a fast-growing group of collaborative, enthusiastic, and entrepreneurial individuals. In our never-ending quest for opportunities to harness the value of Real World Evidence (RWE), we are at the centre of IQVIAs advances in areas such as machine learning and cutting-edge statistical approaches. Our efforts improve retrospective clinical studies, under-diagnosis of rare diseases, personalized treatment response profiles, disease progression predictions, and clinical decision-support tools.

You will join this high-profile team to work on ground-breaking problems in health outcomes across disease areas including Oncology, Neurology, Chronic diseases such as diabetes, and a variety of very rare conditions.

The Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence Analytics team work hand-in-hand with statisticians, epidemiologists and disease area experts across the wider global RWE Solutions team, leveraging a vast variety of anonymous patient-level information from sources such as electronic health records. The data encompasses IQVIAs access to over 530 million anonymised patients as well as bespoke, custom partnerships with healthcare providers and payers.

The Business Unit: Real-World & Analytics Solutions (RWS) Technology

Real-World Solutions (RWS) is a market-leading, fast-growing and highly successful business, focusing upon delivering tangible business results to clients across healthcare value chain internationally, working with key decision-makers and business managers. RWS teams help clients lever complex clinically rich patient-level healthcare datasets to understand healthcare treatment patterns and outcomes to make more informed decisions, and deliver results.

The RWS Technology mission is to deliver world class and globally scalable technology platforms and analytics applied to complex and large scale clinical datasets, to support IQVIAs ongoing and rapid growth in Real World Evidence, as well as the development of new product lines - this requires global leadership across technical and data architecture, software development and data visualization, privacy management, analytical methods, data science, machine learning, deep learning and natural language processing (NLP) - building upon 100s of novel technologies and methods either published in peer reviewed journals or patented by our team.

The solutions are delivered to a variety of clients across life-science, government, payor or provider organizations. The CoE also curates the largest collection de-identified Real-World Data in the world, from different patient care settings in 18 countries worldwide the RWES Tech CoE is at the forefront of Big Data in healthcare. Through its mission and skills, the RWES is transforming the way clients create new insights and deliver improved healthcare research and patient outcomes.

IQVIA is a strong advocate of diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We believe that a work environment that embraces diversity will give us a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and enhance our success. We believe that an inclusive and respectful workplace culture fosters a sense of belonging among our employees, builds a stronger team, and allows individual employees the opportunity to maximize their personal potential.

Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIAs Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
