Job Description
We are seeking a Data Analyst to join our team on a PERMANENT basis.

Thesuccessful candidatewill support and work closely with both the Reserving Function and various other Functions (Finance, IT, Claims) in processing and analysing the data required for the quarterly reserving exercise. This position will report to the Head of Technical Reserving and based in New York.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Working within the Technical Reserving team to manage and compile the data sets used in the reserving process.
Contribute to the design and building of processes and systems to enhance the efficiency of the reserving data capture and analysis processes.
Implement quarterly reserving data controls and validation processes.
Work with the Reserving Function to refine reserving classifications and update reserving parameters as required.
Produce a range of core reports to support the reserving process.
Working with Finance to reconcile the results of the quarterly reserving analysis.
Develop relationships within the Actuarial function and beyond the Actuarial function with Risk, Claims, Finance, Ceded Reinsurance and Financial Planning & Analysis and leverage these relationships to enhance an understanding of business and processes.
Liaise with IT to investigate and resolve observed anomalies related to the reserve study data.
Assist in special projects that allow for a deeper understanding of trends and emerging risks within the portfolio.
Skills, Quals and Experience
A background in Actuarial Data Science and (Re)Insurance and an understanding of basic actuarial terminology is preferred.
3 to 8 years of experience in a data analysis, data management, or data processing related role, preferably in the insurance industry.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and SQL is required.
Proficiency in VBA, Microsoft Reporting Services and MS Access is preferred.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Self-starter and able to work relatively independently.
Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communications skills, including an ability to build relationships with members of both the Actuarial Function and other Functions.
The candidate must be well-organised, with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and consistently meet deadlines without compromising quality

Company Description
Top Prospect Group founders and management team offer more than 25 years of experience in Information Technology and Creative Staffing. Our fundamental goal is to build successful relationships resulting in accurate job and prospect representations. Top Prospect Group meets with those we work with face-to-face to garner a better understanding of candidate or client requirements. By leveraging our experience and market insight, we are then able to provide a more consistent recruitment process.
