The Data Analyst is a part of the Risk and Regulatory Applications group within JRI-A. This individual is responsible for managing IT projects, and providing specifications, configurations, test plans and test scripts for complex technology initiatives. This role participates in the design, build and implementation of Risk and Regulatory Reporting platforms in collaboration with technical development teams. Also coordinates work efforts to address functionality enhancements, application updates and application performance issues. Provides technical knowledge and expertise when developing solutions to meet complex business requirements. Reports to the Head of Risk Management and Regulatory Reporting Applications. Has no direct/indirect reports.
JRI America, Inc., ("JRI-A"), is a subsidiary of the Japanese IT financial services company, Japan Research Institute Ltd ("JRI"), which is the specialist IT subsidiary of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group ("SMFG"). SMFG which owns Japan's second-largest bank, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation ("SMBC") by asset size and a Fortune Global 200 company offers a broad range of financial services, primarily banking-related. The group is also engaged in leasing, securities, credit cards, mortgage securitization, venture capital and other credit related businesses and employs over 60,000 people worldwide and has a stated strategic objective of further global expansion. JRI-A provides information technology services in the Western Hemisphere (including the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa) that support the Group’s operations.

Completes projects or assigned tasks in accordance with defined project management methodology.
Designs and implements regulatory reporting projects and data interfaces.
Works with business leaders to write and obtain approval for business requirements documents (BRDs) and project requirements document as needed.
Prepares detailed specifications from which programs are developed and coded.
Ensures programs meet standards and technical specifications, performs technical analysis and component delivery.
Collaborates with functional teams (e.g. Application Architecture and Information Security) to understand how changes affect current and future applications/systems/functions; ensures effective implementation and communication of those changes throughout the project lifecycle.
Performs impact analyses to identify the impacted areas and develops the required tests/tests sets for the required build; ensures policies and procedures are followed for testing new technology.
Provides strong vendor management by coordinating initial contracts, resolving issues, maintaining communication, accountability and financial discipline.
Research various data sources to identify required data for Regulatory Reporting requirements.
Ability to gain buy in and support of stakeholders on data requirements for regulatory reporting.
Knowledge and proficiency in BHC/IHC regulatory reporting, in particular, FRY 15.
Demonstrated experience designing PL SQL/ETL and integration to reporting platforms.
Formal project management expertise and knowledge of project management methodology/SDLC/PLC/Agile processes in IT financial services environments.
Expert understanding of data quality and data lineage.
Detailed, thorough, diligent individual with robust data analysis, customer service and time management skills.
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communications skills.
Highly collaborative with ability to work in a culturally diverse and team oriented environment.
Understanding of financial products including loans, leases, collateral, derivatives.
Understanding of banking including payments, direct deposits. etc..

6 + years’ experience at a financial institution working in Capital Markets and working on IHC/BHC formation projects.
BA / BS in Computer Science or Finance or comparable discipline required. Preferred: MA / MS / MBA.
Software Systems / Programming Languages.
PL SQL and/or T SQL development.
Familiarity with IBM Datastage, Familiarity with IBM Infosphere Information Analyzer, and Governance Catalogue.
#LI-CG1
