OVERVIEW
AbleTo is the leading provider of high quality, technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo believes that everyone deserves access to high-quality care, and offers a suite of technology-enabled services to empower people to lead better lives through better mental health. A proprietary platform connects individuals with AbleTo highly trained licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. Members also have access to mental health coaches, and digital support programs. Clinical best practices are leveraged across all services to ensure individuals are getting the care they need. Our outcomes-focused care is proven to improve depression and anxiety by over 50% on average, as demonstrated in several peer-reviewed studies. For patients with high-cost medical conditions, our clinically-tailored treatment is proven to reduce medical costs with care that empowers the patient to address their health needs. AbleTo partners with payers to make high-quality care accessible, affordable and convenient for millions of people to get the treatment they need.
TEAM
The Data & Analytics (D&A) team plays a key role at AbleTo, with objectives that include supporting company operations, scaling data knowledge across organization, acting as internal data consultants, and identifying / running high-impact analyses.
Under D&A team, there are four highly collaborative work teams:
The data engineering team ingests data received from clients and implements new clients and new data sources;
The data science team creates and improves predictive models to identify patients who could benefit from our programs;
The business insights team develops operational reports to track company performance and delivers insights to improve products and operations.
The advanced analytics team develops statistical studies to support business questions.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Analytical Advisor
Become a trusted partner to the product team by proactively identifying opportunities (e.g., improve engagement, clinical adherence, patient experience) and using analytical insights to address them
Design, develop, and evaluate data driven experiments to test product hypotheses
Develop dashboards / reports to support the product management team
Technical Problem Solver
Ensure relevant data is captured in source systems, and made available for business intelligence applications
Work with data engineering to establish high-quality data governance rules to ensure clean data for reporting
Contribute to the development of data team documentation and the maintenance of a data dictionary
Automate time-consuming reporting and data discovery processes for end-users

POSITION REQUIREMENTS
Preferred Experience:
4+ years of relevant work experience in or across data analytics, management consulting, or product management
A year of more in healthcare, preferably at a healthcare provider or health system
BS in Mathematics, Economics , Finance, or another business related discipline. Advanced business or analytical degree is a plus
Competencies:
Typical consulting skill set inclusive of presentation development, strong analytical capabilities, and a comfort framing complex problems into structured deliverables
Ability to design data driven experiments that support evaluation of product hypotheses
Familiarity with BI and data visualization tools such as Looker (preferred) or Tableau
Strong SQL skills
Foundational knowledge of GCP / and or AWS platforms
Who You Are:
Data Storyteller. You understand the importance of data in decision making, and you can convince key stakeholders to go the "last mile" that converts insights into actions
Creative problem-solver. We are dreaming up a new, better mental health system. You aren’t afraid to generate innovative ideas that help us solve problems.
Gritty. You don't need to wait for people to tell you what to work on, and work around / through barriers. You have a results oriented track record of exceeding expectations.
Organized. You are adept at project management, and you can keep yourself and others organized through a complex process.
Positive, team player. Your teammates know you as someone who they enjoy working with, who is upbeat, and who gets things done
Follow AbleTo on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Instagram!
