Organization & Department Overview The Information Services Group (ISG) is responsible for providing authoritative sources of reference data to our clients across the Institutional Client Services (ICG) organization, through implementing state of the art technologies and operational processes which promote the collection, storage, analysis, and distribution of product, pricing, account and corporate action data. The ISG organization works in partnership with data clients across all ICG business lines, deploying solutions to increase their competitiveness, through restructuring business processes, simplifying information access, and providing business intelligence around critical data. Execution team is tasked with the enhancement to the system including new vendor feeds coverage, data model enhancement and updates to existing data from vendors. This may involve analyzing multiple data sets manually or engineering automated solutions. Domain data is critical to the reference data processing and product and pricing data must be available, accurate, and complete for global financial markets. Job description Financial Data Modeling Consult with subject matter experts and developers to reverse engineer and document legacy system functions Independently query and analyze unstructured data from multiple relational databases in order to: Diagnose data quality issues. Assess system impacts for upcoming changes. Define data processing rules. Conduct functional testing. Work closely with IT and Operations partners. Work closely with upstream data vendors (internal and external to Citigroup). Independently manage assigned projects. Participate in weekly change management forums. Required Skills Bachelors degree, specialized training or equivalent work experience Working experience of 8 years minimal as Business Analyst Financial Knowledge on Securities/Products. Data analysis and mapping (able to query data, analyze and map) Data Oriented with an excellent attention to detail SQL knowledge Experience working closely with IT Project managers and development teams Experience/understanding of business process reengineering and business modeling concepts, business systems development and analysis Strong analytical skills and writing skills, including solid experience in writing functional and technical specifications Excellent verbal communication skills with the ability to be assertive Ability to focus on high quality work while under pressure Preferred Skills Project management/lead experience Background in reference data with a focus on securities and pricing Knowledge of MS Office, Visio Experience with vendor product implementation Aptitude and interest in continued learning. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
