Who We Are:


Maisonette is a curated, one-stop shopping marketplace that services a highly fragmented $300B+ children's goods market. Vogue veterans of a combined 20+ years, co-founders Sylvana Durrett and Luisana Mendoza Roccia, started their business after becoming frustrated when trying to shop for their kids online, finding themselves spending an exorbitant amount of time on numerous sites trying to find unique, quality products they needed for their growing children. Maisonette was founded in 2017 and has recently closed their Series A round, raising $19.4M in total funding, led by venture capital firm NEA. Maisonette is also backed by top tier investors including Thrive Capital. We are at a pivotal point in our development and are primed for growth.

What You'll Do:


We're seeking an analyst with senior-level experience thinking critically about how data can best support and inform organizational needs and culture. This person will be part of the team building data and analytics from the ground up.

The ideal candidate will have a background working on analytics teams and communicating data insights to senior management. This position will be part of shifting the company's culture towards data fluency to continuously assess and maintain operational and financial health. Working across all business units, the ideal candidate will be a self-starter and will work well in a fast-paced environment with competing deadlines.
Dig into the root cause of reporting issues
Collaborate with marketing and operations teams to support analytics needs
Create an analysis, process, or reporting template that helps teams solve for common analytics problems
Help stakeholders select, create, and report on key performance indicators and then walk them through your findings and recommendations
Deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
What You'll Bring:


An appreciation for the "why" in addition to the "how"
A value of diverse, inclusive teams and creating an environment where people of all identities, experiences, and backgrounds can thrive
A desire to be exposed to a variety of products, business challenges, and growth opportunities
Demonstrated experience working collaboratively with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to achieve an organizational goal
Extensive SQL experience in writing complex queries that join data across multiple systems
Explicit experience designing, analyzing, and interpreting the results of experiments, and using those statistical results to communicate significance, confidence, or probability
Experience at an e-commerce company; startup experience preferred
Ability to provide technical mentorship and guide teammates through findings who have varying levels of statistical expertise
Experience creating insights in Looker and working with Google Analytics or similar tools
Experience using languages like R or Python to execute and share the results of analyses
Experience working in an agile environment
Ability to thrive in a dynamic work environment that embraces work-life balance where any day is "Bring Your Child to Work Day"!
