At Alector, our mission is to develop therapies that empower the immune system to cure neurodegeneration. Our team is solely focused on developing cures for some of the most challenging diseases facing our society. We are supported in this mission by experienced and accomplished scientists and board members, leading healthcare investors and some of the most innovative pharma companies.

Please join us in driving the development of new therapies that seek to transform patients' lives. Autonomy and collaboration in tackling challenges is what you are seeking and would like to be part of a hardworking team where everyone has a voice, please join in our mission!
As the Head of Biometrics and Data Management, you will help in developing a strategy and support execution of our development programs. You will have the responsibility and contribute across assigned clinical trials across our therapeutic areas.
During your first year, your goals will include:
Define how you will contribute to Alector's overall 3-5 year vision to continually improve our clinical development strategy
Lead and build world-class biostatistics and group.
Work in collaboration with internal and external partners in the study design, support endpoint selection and sample size calculations, analysis, interpretation, and publication of clinical trial data
Execute protocols, statistical analysis plans, study reports, ensure statistical integrity of presentations and publications of clinical studies by applying your past experiences and provide oversight to data management processes and team
Lead and work on significant and unique issues that require exercising independent judgment and developing/adapting methodology
Offer scientific and technical input within the study team and cross-functionally
Manage workflow to ensure quality, prioritization, and timeliness across multiple programs
Handle external vendors and serve as a key Biostats/data management strategic direction and liaison with external organizations for the studies
Ensure up to date knowledge of the industry and academic developments in the Neuroscience, Immuno-Oncology and Orphan disease fields and apply to clinical study design and analysis
We would love to hear from you if you have:
7+ years of experience in academia or industry. Pharmaceutical/biotech/CRO industry experience preferred
PhD in Biostatistics and or related field
Strong knowledge of theoretical and applied statistics and clinical trial data management
Hands-on ability to drive and lead strategies for clinical trials of drug candidates from first-in-human testing to all later phases of clinical investigation, including pivotal Phase 2/3 studies and NDA/BLA submissions
Demonstrated success leading the statistical strategy, analysis, and design of clinical development programs across therapeutic areas and oversight of data management teams
Knowledge of applicable regulatory rules and guidelines, e.g., ICH, GCP, HIPAA
Experience programming in SAS or R and other relevant statistical software solutions
Strong application of innovative study designs and developing milestone criteria (e.g. Go/No Go criteria)
Detailed knowledge of adaptive designs, Bayesian methodology, trial simulation, and data modeling is strongly preferred
At Alector, we believe that high-performing teams include people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences who can challenge each other’s assumptions with fresh perspectives and bring creative ideas to the table. We are committed to building an open, diverse, and inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws.
Alector is a great place to learn and experiment. If you excel in a dynamic environment where everyone is committed to finding a cure, where you’ll drive growth, this is the role for you. There is no limit to how far you can go with us.

Benefits
While we’ve focused on what to look forward to during the first year and beyond, Day One is great, too: committed and driven colleagues, a bold and important company goal, state-of-the-art brand-new brightly-lit offices in the heart of the biotech area, competitive compensation and benefits. But these matter only if you’re excited to build and own something great, and take on these challenges with us. Come join us.
