Title Data Science Lead Analyst Mandatory skills MS Office, R, Excel JIRA, Confluence medical management, clinical UX, CX Hadoop, Machine learning PCA, Principal component analysis Python, Topo, Sem Tableau, Tableau software Unix, UX SQL Hp ux, Integrator user experience, design, Visualization, Assembly Search engine marketing statistical analysis, regression, SEM, PCA FA Description Data Science Lead Analyst Duties Provides advanced professional input to complex Data Science assignmentsprojects. Responsible for the research, extraction and analysis of data. Evaluates and writes reports. May research and analyze algorithms. Provides statistical data trends to business partners such as medical management and underwriting. May also assist in the designing and implementation of systems to analyze and report findings. Combines IT capabilities with advanced clinical knowledge to determine trends, costbenefit ratios, and forecasting of health care costs, medical management, and health economics. Supports and provides direction to more junior professionals. Works autonomously, only requiring ldquoexpertrdquo level technical support from others. Exercises judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation of both standard and complex techniques and procedures. Utilizes in-depth professional knowledge and acumen to develop models and procedures, and monitor trends, within Data Science. Skills Data wrangling and prep for analytics and data science Advanced statistical analysis (e.g. regression, SEM, PCAFA) Data visualization and story telling Presentations to partners and stakeholders Experimental design expertise Journey analytics assembly Experience design experience (UX, CX, etc.) R, Excel Tableau JIRA, Confluence and MS Office Education High School diploma advanced degree in relevant field preferred. 4-6 years of work experience in the Technology field and a broad knowledge of user experience, customer experience or other experience-focused design fields. Skills and Experience Required Skills Statistical analysis Additional skills Data visualization Documentation Integration Mapping Metrics Presentation skills Quantitative Refining User experience Visualization Assembly Data science Deployment Excel Experimental design Hadoop Hp-ux Integrator Jira Machine learning Microsoft excel Microsoft office Ms office Pca Principal component analysis Python Search engine marketing Sem Sql Tableau Tableau software Topo Unix Ux VIVA USA is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a professional working environment that is free from discrimination and unlawful harassment. The Management, contractors, and staff of VIVA USA shall respect others without regard to race, sex, religion, age, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, physical, mental or sensory disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era, recently separated veteran, Active war time or campaign badge veteran, Armed forces service medal veteran, or disabled veteran. Please contact us at hrviva-it.com for any complaints, comments and suggestions. Contact Details Please send your resumes to "staffing10viva-it.com" and one of our recruiter will get in touch with you. VIVA USA INC. 3601 Algonquin Road, Suite 425 Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 staffing10viva-it.com httpwww.viva-it.com
