Title Data AnalystData Scanning with Financial Industry exp Location NYC, NY Duration 6+ Months Education Qualification Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology (IT), or closely related field. Masterrsquos in Computer Science or related degree Job Description Data Scanning Team - Responsible for determining systems requirements for new or modified database application programs, creates the system specifications and Is responsible for the development, testing and implementation of efficient, cost effective application solutions. Will receive general direction from the Manager, work closely with business analysts to identify and specify complex business requirements and processes. May co-ordinate the activities of the section with the client area and other IT sections (e.g., data base, operations, technical support). Work in conjunction with the data architectmodeler on the data warehouse reporting solution. Possess expertise in writing and tuning, view, stored procedures, and functions. Strong problem-solving, interpersonal, written and oral communications skills with demonstrated ability to simultaneously adjust to changing priorities, successfully completing multiple tasks. Prepares deliverables such as source-to-target mappings transformation rules documentation. 7-10 Years of relevant work experience required. Data catalogingdata profiling bull SQL Server, DB2, Oracle bull Must have knowledge of lineage and financial industry, technical metadata layer Skills needed for DB Analyst specificData ScanningData Profiling" Contact Details Name Sudheer Email ID sudheerrsrit.com Phone number 248-221-1432 ldquoReliable Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Reliable Software does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and buess need.rdquo
