Data Analyst, Capital Markets (Manager) - ITO032952
With a startup spirit and 80,000+ curious and courageous minds, we have the expertise to go deep with the world’s biggest brands—and we have fun doing it. Now, we’re calling all you rule-breakers and adventurous persons who see the world differently, and are aggressive enough to reinvent it. Come, transform with us.

We are inviting applications for the role of Business Analyst (Banking / Capital Markets

In this role, you will be responsible for mapping source to target flows of data attributes from systems of record to a data warehouse or from data warehouse to Analytics models and/or reports. This will go towards crafting requirements to automate feeds into the data warehouse and/or to downstream reporting/analytics layers.

Responsibilities
Break down sophisticated Data into meaningful chunks and synthesize action plans relevant to the business
Proven analytical ability using tools to evaluate data and draw conclusions
Translate key insights, trends and data into meaningful recommendations; prioritize project work into client presentations, outlining findings and recommendations
Build a framework, with a focus on improvement of data quality and the protection of critical data through policies and standards, principles, governance metrics, processes, related tools and data architecture
Crafts mapping of data sources, data movement, interfaces, and analytics. Builds flow diagrams, structure charts, and other types of system, process, data flow representations.
Optimize and update logical and physical data models to support new and existing projects.
Profile data, resolve trends, patterns, inconsistencies, draw conclusions in order to conceptualize DQ rules and recommend business rules.
Translate conceptualize DQ rules into scripts for validation of the proposed rules and recommend improvements based on data domains, product type, client specific data and systems layout.
Data Transformation, Data Enrichments, data warehouse and data delivery techniques using Ab Initio as ETL environment.
Define critical metric to measure and presenting data quality controls to senior management/partners
Coordinate User Acceptance Testing with business user community and QA teams. Develop UAT test cases and test scripts for manual and automated data load validation and approval. Execute UAT test scripts and document results of test scripts for review and approval.
Collaborate and coordinate with offshore and onsite team members to fulfill the BA responsibilities from project initiation to post-implementation.
Manage changes to requirements and baseline through a change control process
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications we seek in you!
College education required (Preferably in financial/Data specialization)
knowledge of Capital Markets Finance domain.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Prior experience interacting extensively with users.
Good understanding of the capital markets is a plus
Prior data analysis/data profiling experience (quantifying the issue, identifying trends & patterns)
Strong analytical & problem solving capabilities to break sophisticated problems into simpler ones.
Experience and detailed knowledge with Master Data Management, ETL, Data Quality, metadata management, data profiling, micro-batches, streaming data loads.
Experience on Informatica IDQ or in any DQ tools is added advantage
Experience in implementing database solutions on MS SQL Server, Oracle and DB2 required.
Preferred qualifications
Prior experience/exposure to traded products data modeling is highly preferred
Bachelor’s degree in information technology, business, or related field, or any equivalent combination of education and experience required.
Experience in CCAR calculation allocation to regulatory schedule line item level.
Experience in using Collibra tool for data management, prepare template for ready use/ upload and deployment is desirable
Genpact is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. Genpact is committed to crafting a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit
www.genpact.com . Follow us on
Twitter ,
Facebook ,
LinkedIn , and
YouTube .

Job
Senior Principal Consultant
Primary Location
United States-South Carolina
Education Level
Bachelor's / Graduation / Equivalent
Job Posting
Jun 26, 2020, 5:46:49 PM
Unposting Date
Aug 25, 2020, 6:29:00 PM
Master Skills List Corporate
Job Category Full Time
