The Data Analyst III assists with contract activities specifically related to External Quality Review (EQR) requirements including performance measure validation, performance improvement and data validation projects. They assist in the design of quality improvement studies, conduct quantitative and qualitative data analysis, compile results, and write reports for both technical and lay audiences. In addition, the Data Analyst III is responsible for the implementation of these activities and coordinates the resources needed. The Data Analyst III will also assist in performance measure development including the alignment of these measures with national standards, practice guidelines and/or published best practices. Reports for these studies may require small- and large-scale background research. This individual participates in departmental workgroups to improve the efficiency of review and analysis processes. They must also maintain close communication with the client and participating MCOs for the purposes of providing support and guidance towards the successful completion of these activities. The Data Analyst III plays a key role in coordinating IPRO-MCO quality improvement activities.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong communication skills (written and verbal) with the ability to clearly and thoroughly present quantitative and qualitative project findings to interested parties with varying technical backgrounds.
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to interact effectively with internal and external customers.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to prepare cogent analyses using a variety of statistical, spreadsheet, graphic and database programs.
Ability to handle all stages in the full cycle of a research project.
Strong time management skills with the ability to meet deadlines and client deliverables.
Knowledge of managed care operations, performance measurement and research methods preferred.
Ability to analyze and interpret health care data, e.g., claims, encounters, health records.
Ability to coordinate workgroups to design quality improvement studies and other health care studies.
Ability to work well independently, with minimal supervision, as well as in a team environment.
Strong computer skills in various software packages (Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint). Willingness to learn new software skills as needed.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in an analytical, research or health-related field, required. Master’s degree in public administration, public policy, public health or related social science with course work including both statistical and process analysis, preferred.
A minimum of two (2) years external experience working in a health care field or equivalent experience in a Managed Care department, required.
Significant experience with a variety of software packages, particularly Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint. SAS/SPSS and visual analytics tools (e.g., Tableau) experience preferred.
IPRO offers a comprehensive benefits package.

IPRO is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment for without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status
