New York, NY

Apply Now
GENERAL SUMMARY

This position will provide day-to-day and strategic support for NKF’s Salesforce and data analysis. This includes overseeing data integrity, report writing, data interpretation and analysis, end user support, and on-going training. The Senior Manager, Data Analyst will also participate in cross-departmental collaboration to produce strategic analysis for different business units at NKF. The position will report to the Salesforce Director and help to identify and meet current and future data needs.

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Work with management to identify and prioritize analytical and reporting needs
Interpret data, analyze results and present findings and recommendations to business stakeholders
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in various data sets
Assist teams and individuals with creating and customizing reports and dashboards
Salesforce user administration – setting up and managing users, roles, views, etc.
Manage day-to-day support and troubleshooting
Manage regular system maintenance and data cleansing activities
Work alongside IT, implementation partners, and internal stakeholders to ensure Salesforce configuration supports the business requirements
Participate in ongoing CRM enhancement projects, continuing to identify areas for improvement and growth in the CRM platform
Develop and implement training for users and maintain guides and procedure documentation
Other duties as assigned
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university
2+ years of hands-on Salesforce administration experience. Familiarity with NGO Connect and Salesforce certification preferred.
Strong ability to create and upkeep comprehensive Reports & Dashboards
Experience with statistical methodologies, Google Analytics and/or other data analytics tools preferred
Experience with Business Intelligence tools such as Domo, Salesforce Einstein, or Tableau preferred.
Ability to develop and deliver application usage/best practice trainings on an ongoing basis
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent interpersonal, time-management and organizational skills.
Must be assertive, confident and project a positive presence.
Please apply via email with your resume, cover letter, and salary expectations:

Contact: NKFrecruitment@kidney.org
