DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryWHAT IS THE SMALL BUSINESS / SELF EMPLOYED (SB/SE) DIVISION?The Small Business/Self-Employed (SB/SE) Division provides examinations and taxpayer education services for about 7 million small businesses and upwards of 33 million self-employed and supplemental income taxpayers.See Other Information for Locations.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesAs an Management and Program Analyst (Staff Assistant) you will:* Analyze Collection program areas such as Automated Trust Fund Recovery (ATFR) to discern trends in program delivery such as effectiveness of incorporating various applications into Collection and compliance processes, and consolidated report data to measure effectiveness in meeting baselines or the degree to which program plans and achievements support strategic agency initiatives. Serve as the process-analysis expert and apply skills to local or Servicewide issues.* As a technical expert on Collection program guidelines and policies, interpret, develop, adapt, and coordinate analytical reviews of new policies, procedures, and program requirements of the Service and their impact on the Compliance operations and resources. Advise and negotiate acceptance of conflicting issues with management in the formulation of Compliance policies. Provide necessary technical advice and staff assistance to headquarters executives, headquarters analysts and field managers and employees in the assigned Collection program area (e.g., Automated Trust Fund Recovery (ATFR)). Develop and prepare operating guidelines, instructions and other material pertaining to assigned program areas.* Determine the need for, and scope of, analysis of national technical issues through a multitude of sources to identify trends, conditions, and events that warrant uniform review or modification of existing procedures. Develop Service wide policy for coordination of issues that cross industry lines. Institute program controls over the nationwide coordination of cross-industry issues working with personnelin various business units and other appropriate functions.* Prepare final reports on identified national issues after they have been developed and the Service's position has been formulated. Establish and maintain, as appropriate, a website, which provides specific issue and/or procedure information and direction including pro-forma information document requests, which set the policy as to the relevancy of an issue, frequently asked questions and emerging issues. Establish a framework within Collection Compliance for using systems management methodologies to understand, manage, and improve work systems. Provide guidance, education, and training in quality improvement methodologies.* Participate with cross-functional representatives on activities within the Operating Unit including development of Compliance operating plans, Business Plan, and Business Review assessments and reports. Work with industry representatives and groups to identify inconsistent positions, procedures, or issues and to resolve them through industry issue resolution, regulation, litigation, legislation, and other issue management strategies as appropriate.* Provide input on national policy on the development of issues, complex and unusual audit procedures, and innovative approaches for the solution of high impact problems unique to the issue(s), etc. Such as Collection Technique Guidelines, internal and external publications, reports, training sessions, national and local meetings, and other communications.* Lead teams of Operating Unit managers and employees or independently study complex problems facing the Operating Unit functions or those of particular concern or interest within the Compliance function. This may require coordinating input from activities outside the operating unit or identifying new or modified methods of performing work that requires the incumbent to demonstrate both expert analytical or process analysis skills and expert knowledge the IR Code related to Collection functions.* Perform assignments that are Area or agency-wide in scope and have significant impact on issues facing the Operating Unit. Examples include, participating in Business Reviews of field and headquarter offices; serving on task forces or study groups as the Director's representative to address Operating Unit and Service wide issues; establishing policy for field operations and performing independent analyses of Area or nationwide Collection operations. May also represent the Director on local Federal executive projects or similar activities.WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.govTravel RequiredOccasional travel - Travel may be required 1 to 5 nights per month.Supervisory statusNoPromotion Potential14* Job family (Series)0343 Management And Program Analysis* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* Refer to Other Information.* Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.* Must be a U.S. Citizen or National.* IRS Employees with Career/Career Conditional Appointments..QualificationsYou must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement.GS-14 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: Usage of a wide range of analytical and evaluative methods and techniques, both qualitative and quantitative; identification of problem areas, trends, deficiencies and other similar factors affecting Collection operations to make recommendations to improve efficient utilization of resources. Experience analyzing operations of all Collection automation systems, including the Automated Trust Fund Recovery (ATFR) application to troubleshoot and resolve systemic and procedural problems as well as recommend and test potential solutions. Experience with Integrated Data Retrieval System (IDRS), Integrated Collection System (ICS), Account Management Services (AMS) systems and their relationship to the ATFR application. Collaboration with Collection Policy Analysts in provision of technical insight, change suggestions and customer/business organization perspectives to the ATFR program development staff. Experience supporting Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) activities related to the ATFR application. Usage of EUREKA Reporter and SAP Business Objects data mining software for creation of queries / reports. Usage of Microsoft Office applications, including Access and Microsoft Excel including sorts, filters, pivot tables, macros to compare and analyze data. Using problem solving skills, including analyzing cases that need resolution on the ATFR application. Experience with the use of virtual training tools, data management techniques and experience performing in an instructor capacity. Experience with Collection processes including field, support functions and campuses. Experience in working on and leading teams across all levels of the organization and acting as liaison between area/territory offices, campuses, and headquarters. Experience in presenting findings, delivering briefings, and communicating solutions, both orally and in writing, to all user levels of the organization. Further Specialized experience for this position includes: demonstrating expert knowledge of a wide range of qualitative and quantitative methods including financial methods to design and conduct comprehensive studies and projects and to assess and improve program effectiveness of complex management processes and systems where you will research and investigate new or improved business and management practices for application to operating programs. Experience using project management tools and techniques to plan, schedule, implement, closeout, and evaluate complex financial projects, as well as, team management techniques to plan, organize, and direct team study work; Experience using knowledge of budgeting methods and techniques to prepare analyses and estimate resource needs. In addition, your experience should include comprehensive knowledge of the range of administrative laws, policies, regulations, and precedents to prepare recommendations affecting financial program execution, evaluate new or modified legislation for potential impact upon agency operations and adapt into program goals. Your assignments should demonstrate knowledge and skill in oral communication techniques to present findings, negotiate solutions to disputed recommendations; and written communication techniques to prepare directives, policy statements, legislative proposals, financial reports and other written guidelines.* The experience may have been gained in the public sector, private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-timework is considered on a prorated basis.* To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume.In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following, if applicable:You must have been at the GS-13 level for 52 weeks (time-in-grade requirement).Education
