Architecture and Data is the enterprise wide architecture and data services group at BNY Mellon. Our mission is to integrate diverse technologies and facilitate technology re-use. Partner with our businesses increase revenue and lower costs while also reducing risk, increasing resiliency, and enabling more effective service delivery. The team also formulates and executes on our data strategy to reduce complexity and eliminate redundancies in our data. We partner with our technology and business teams to ensure integrity and confidence in our information and provide analytics that solve difficult problems and monetize data for internal and external use.Sr. Specialist Data Analyst->> Designs and creates highly complex logical/physical data models, and data dictionaries that cater to the specific business and functional requirements of applications. Consults with businesses to identify needs and translates those needs into data architecture solutions. Develops comprehensive data/technical specifications that bridge business/product needs with system design/deliverables. Performs data extracts and creates complex data reports to analyze user metrics. Develops understanding of business needs and functionalities to determine compatibility of database with existing hardware/software applications and recommend the most cost effective methods. Consults with database administration and client areas and provides solutions in resolving issues during the translation to a physical database design. Provides knowledge and expertise of enterprise data to assist the business in the creation and definition of internal and external message flows. Provides knowledge and expertise in existing database environments and makes recommendations for opportunities to share data and/or reduce data redundancy. Analyzes market trends for data modeling tools and metadata management software. Provides input into the selection of tools and any necessary migration into the company's environment. Contributes to the achievement of area objectives.QualificationsBachelor's degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, 8-10 years of experience in data modeling, data warehousing, data entity analysis, logical and relational database design, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience required, experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus* 2 or more (1) years of finance/business management experience.* Experience in technology / financial services industry* Ability to solve complex issues* Excellent in Excel and PowerPoint* Strong attention to detail* Proven ability to prioritize and work under tight deadlinesBNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.Our ambition is to build the best global team - one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve - and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.Primary Location: United States-New Jersey-Florham ParkInternal Jobcode: 45151Job: Information TechnologyOrganization: Architecture And Data-HR16450Requisition Number: 2006188
