The Senior Business Analyst, Data Management will be part of a team focused on the design, development and delivery of key operating metrics across the Plymouth Rock enterprise.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:
Align metrics across the enterprise and document associated business logic and definitions.
Effectively manage projects of high complexity and maintain documentation of key decision points.
Analyze needs of various business stakeholders to identify and implement the best solution.
Coordinate business & IT data project discussions.
Design and implement test plans.
Validate data quality against business requirements.
Conduct post-release / post-implementation testing.
Ensure that datasets are maintained according to best practices.
Maintain a comprehensive library of technical terminology and documentation.
Build relationships and provide excellent customer service to internal and external business partners.
Ensure that the final product satisfies the requirements and meet end-user expectations.
Spot areas for improvement to enhance the team’s efficiency.
Qualifications and Education:
A Bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university.
Understanding of and experience within the insurance industry is required.
Property and casualty industry experience preferred.
Expert SQL skills and experience with a data visualization / BI tool (Tableau).
Proficient working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products specifically Excel.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with keen attention to detail.
Demonstrate strong organizational and time management skills in a project-based environment.
Ability to prioritize work independently, ensuring accuracy while meeting rigid deadlines.
Confidence in taking ownership of challenging business issues, making decisions with limited or incomplete data and seeing issues through to resolution.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.
