Role Profile: Regulatory Risk Management – Data Analytics and Reporting Analyst Your Role As part of the Equities Americas Regulatory Risk Management team, you will be responsible for design and implementation of a data governance program for Equities transactional lifecycle data. This is an excellent opportunity to build out a framework and governance program within an established team within the Investment Bank. The role will enable you to develop relationships with key members of our product and technology teams, as well as working with the respective control functions in developing a robust and sustainable data governance framework. Your team You'll be working in the Equities Regulatory Risk Management team. We are an Equities Front Office function focused on ensuring necessary processes exist to support compliance with relevant securities laws, rules, regulations, and internal policies. We work with a number of internal areas, including Equities Sales and Trading, COO, Operations, Compliance & Operational Risk Control, and IT. Role description • Engage on the development of a data governance process, procedures and guidelines, ensuring integration with Information Technology processes and policies. This requires coordination and collaboration across Business and Technology stakeholders. • Deliver and maintain requisite documentation conforming to internal standards. • Coordinate with stakeholders on various internal data initiatives, including business change initiatives. • Perform data analysis to measure and enforce high data quality standards. • Collaborate with IT stakeholders to ensure completeness and accuracy of transactional lifecycle data. • Assist in Equities regulatory reporting deliverables including the implementation of the Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT) requirement. Participate in internal and external testing of CAT. • Troubleshoot issues to mitigate and resolve data quality concerns. • Work collaboratively with Information Technology to ensure technology changes do not negatively impact downstream regulatory reporting requirements. • Work with Compliance & Operational Risk in responding to data intensive regulatory inquiries and regulatory examinations. • Work with stakeholders to identify and implement technology solutions in order to enhance surveillance and supervisory capabilities. Your Expertise • Ideal candidate would have a strong propensity for delivering on tight deadlines and be proactive and a self-starter. • 3-5 years experience in a technology or data management role. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams. • Experience working with data mining & analytics technology solutions. • Able to apply a technical understanding to data in order to solve for complex business problems.
