Principal Sales Operations Analyst - Oracle Data Cloud-20000FFZ No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position. Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English
Preferred Qualifications
Principal Sales Operations Analyst

In this role you will oversee full
lifecycle of operations programs, including executive relationship management, solution
design and delivery of process and system automation that streamline
operations. You will work with senior leadership, subject matter experts, and
users to understand the needs of the business and drive the vision, strategy,
execution of defined business processes and technical projects that meet those
needs.
Responsibilities Include:
Identify
opportunities to increase revenue, decrease costs and drive productivity by improving
operational effectiveness across Oracle Data Cloud Sales, Contracts, Account
Management, Compliance, Engineering, Finance and Operations teams.
Achieve Go to
Market alignment on new sales and business processes and oversee signoff with
executive sponsors for workstreams you own.
Lead programs
end-to-end overseeing requirements gathering, research, process and system
architecture design, solution development, testing, documentation and change
management.
Develop, analyze
and validate project plans and supporting documentation including goals, use
cases, project success reports, project tasks, detailed functional and
technical design specifications, business rules, data migration plans, workflow
/ entity relationship diagrams and other project documentation.
Work with local ODC
and central Oracle technical teams to communicate new processes and shelf-ready
requirements for CRMs, CPQ, and bookings/fulfillment tools. Set priorities and
manage communication on timeline to stakeholders throughout the development
cycle.
Requirements Include:
4-8 years of
business analyst, product/project management or solution architecture
experience.
Ability to manage
needs and expectations of stakeholders and business leaders at varying levels,
including executive leadership.
Ability to
determine best approach to solve complex problems and solutions with simplicity
and scalability.
Strong experience
in consolidating feedback across functional teams and documenting detailed
requirements ready to hand off to technical resources.
Significant
experience with application of tools such as Oracle Sales Cloud CRM, Salesforce
CRM, JIRA, Conga, Dousign, Workato.
Ability to
determine best approach to solve complex problems and solutions with simplicity
and scalability.
Excellent
communication skills, analytical skills, and attention to detail.

Detailed Description and Job Requirements
Provides programs to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of the organization*s financial and tactical business objectives. Provides business practices and processes. Develops, communicates, and trains the organization on business practices and processes.

Serve as a liaison with other divisions such as Finance, Contracts, HR, Legal, Shared Services, Accounts Receivable, Purchasing, and Risk Management in an effort to ensure accurate and timely transaction processing. Collect, input, verify, correct, and analyze data to measure key performance indicator actual versus business objectives. Provide updates to management regarding budget to actual, informing them of deviations and opportunities. Provide management with economic impact and compliance issues surrounding key business decisions and/or deals. Communicate Oracle Business Practices to the organization and monitor process and approvals for full compliance. Drive implementation of new processes and procedures.

Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format. Follow-through skills necessary to get information from internal and third parties and have data errors/omissions corrected. For this, relationship management skills strongly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills. 8 plus years relevant work experience.

Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job
: Business Operations
Travel
: No
Location
: US-CO,Colorado-Broomfield
Other Locations
: US-NY,New York-New York
Job Type
: Regular Employee Hire
Organization
: Oracle
