The Data Analyst III supports the Medicaid Health Care Assessment Program by assisting in the analysis of Medicaid Special Projects, acquiring and analyzing data, and preparing reports. In this role you will also coordinate the design of software applications to enhance project quality and productivity; supports and enhances data analysis activities through database programming and statistical analysis. Duties include but are not limited to: Synthesize input from workgroup members to design data collection tools, sampling strategies, work instructions, and data reports that meet internal and external customer needs. Develop, implement and maintain programs to extract information from various databases, analyze inter-rater reliability, calculate recurring statistics, and convert results into appropriate format for the department special project database(s) or reports. Serve as a SAS programming resource. Analyze statistical and epidemiological patterns of the data and provide written analyses reports

QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong analytical skills with the ability to prepare cogent analysis and reports using a variety of statistical, spreadsheet, and database programs, including but not limited to SAS, MS-Access, SQL.
Ability to clearly present qualitative and quantitative review/analysis findings to interested parties with various backgrounds.
Ability to handle all aspects in the full cycle of research projects.
Ability to work well independently and with moderate supervision.
Ability to relate well with technical and non-technical staff.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE:
Master’s degree in Health, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related field, required.
Two (2) years' experience in health or similar research and/or evaluation that involved extensive use of SAS and Access in data transformation, management and analysis, required or Advanced SAS Certification.
IPRO offers competitive salaries, comprehensive health and dental coverage.

IPRO is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status
