Architecture and Data is the enterprise wide architecture and data services group at BNY Mellon. Our mission is to integrate diverse technologies and facilitate technology re-use. Partner with our businesses increase revenue and lower costs while also reducing risk, increasing resiliency, and enabling more effective service delivery. The team also formulates and executes on our data strategy to reduce complexity and eliminate redundancies in our data. We partner with our technology and business teams to ensure integrity and confidence in our information and provide analytics that solve difficult problems and monetize data for internal and external use.

This organization is building out our business and program management office to ensure that we “run Technology as a business.” This Analyst role will be an important contributor of resource reporting controls, business performance measurement, and business continuity planning. This role is critical for successful execution of Technology Architecture and Data’s business insight and strategy.

You will report to the Chief of Staff for Technology Architecture and Data, leveraging your experience and general business knowledge to quickly build strong relationships across various stakeholders. This position will have primary day-to-day responsibility for new resource tracking, business continuity plan review, as well as other resource related information.

Sr. Specialist Data Analyst->> Designs and creates highly complex logical/physical data models, and data dictionaries that cater to the specific business and functional requirements of applications. Consults with businesses to identify needs and translates those needs into data architecture solutions. Develops comprehensive data/technical specifications that bridge business/product needs with system design/deliverables. Performs data extracts and creates complex data reports to analyze user metrics. Develops understanding of business needs and functionalities to determine compatibility of database with existing hardware/software applications and recommend the most cost effective methods. Consults with database administration and client areas and provides solutions in resolving issues during the translation to a physical database design. Provides knowledge and expertise of enterprise data to assist the business in the creation and definition of internal and external message flows. Provides knowledge and expertise in existing database environments and makes recommendations for opportunities to share data and/or reduce data redundancy. Analyzes market trends for data modeling tools and metadata management software. Provides input into the selection of tools and any necessary migration into the company's environment. Contributes to the achievement of area objectives.

Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, 8-10 years of experience in data modeling, data warehousing, data entity analysis, logical and relational database design, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience required, experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus



Key responsibilities
Analyst for Location Planning and Reporting, Coordination of On & Off-Boarding Resources, Business Continuity Planning
Be primary point of contact for Business Continuity Plans and Disaster Recovery Plans
Develop coordination of onboarding process with existing team.
Build out new reporting requirements and transparency for new joiners
Track and monitor key metrics for the organization
Participate in ad-hoc analysis across project resources
Assist in communications efforts including town halls and senior level PowerPoint decks
Support establishment of new business management policies, standards, and processes
Qualifications


2 or more (1) years of finance/business management experience.
Experience in technology / financial services industry
Ability to solve complex issues
Excellent in Excel and PowerPoint
Strong attention to detail
Proven ability to prioritize and work under tight deadlines
