HBITS-01-10711

Daily tasks will include:
Communicate with vendors and provider offices regarding HL7 file specifications and testing information and answering initial questions.
Review and test data files from provider's Electronic Health Record (EHR) system to verify file formatting and completeness. This will include a combination of manual review and use of automatic software tools.
Work with provider office and EHR vendor to address any issues or concerns with test file.
Assist provider office staff with data file submissions and addressing any questions or concerns that arise through data exchange.
Monitor data exchange jobs to review the status of files that have been submitted to NYSIIS, identify errors and follow-up with provider office/vendor.
Assist provider office/EHR with significant data quality or file format issues discovered in data file submissions.
Assist with the development and maintenance of materials documenting standard operating procedures for data exchange with NYSIIS.
Maintain MS ACCESS tracking systems and compile statistics regarding EHR vendor and provider associations with each other and their communications with NYSIIS.
Perform general data analysis and generate reports to support data quality improvement activities to maintain a complete, accurate, timely data set.
Develop and execute computer code required for data preparation and analysis; identify problems, and run standard data coverage reports.
Monitor data exchange jobs to review the status of files that have been submitted to NYSIIS, identify errors and follow-up with provider office/vendor.
Business Analyst
Analyzes an organization or business domain (real or hypothetical) and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology with distinct deliverables to a solution.

Senior 60-84 months: Candidate is able to work independently, without assistance and provides guidance to others. May have an advanced education.
60 months experience in SQL/SQL TOAD
60 months experience with Excel
60 months experience in messaging standards (XML, X12, etc)
60 months experience in HL7 messaging
60 months experience in data quality analysis
60 months experience in customer support/guidance
Bachelor's Degree
