Job Description
Paladin Consulting is currently hiring a PWM Performance Team Analyst to join our team working onsite at our client's office located in Salt Lake City, UT.

We work with companies that offer environments for our employees to contribute, learn, and advance their career. We treat you like you are part of the family.

Job Title: PWM Performance Team Analyst
Work Location: Salt Lake City, UT
Duration: 6 month contract with option to extend
Education/Experience Required: Bachelor's degree required

Job Description:
The Performance team works closely with Private Wealth Management Business, Compliance, Technology, and other Operations teams globally to maintain firm-wide performance data. The team is responsible for ensuring performance figures are accurate and implementing solutions to correct returns when necessary. Additionally, team members are the primary point of contact for global PWM performance questions.

Responsibilities:
Prepare to gain a comprehensive understanding of the various performance methodologies in the PWM systems
Showcase your client service skills as you partner with PWM Business to ensure client's performance needs are being met in a timely and satisfactory manner
Apply your quantitative skills as you conduct root cause analysis and resolution for performance return discrepancies
Liaise with PWM Compliance, Technology, and other Operation teams to ensure accurate performance data is reported on the PWM Desktop, Client Web, and monthly client statements
Leverage your risk-management skills to successfully adhere to current controls while identifying areas where additional controls could be put in place
Skills & Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Proven analytical and problem solving ability
Ability to multi-task and prioritize accordingly
MS Office (Excel/Word/PowerPoint) proficiency
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Ability to work independently and as a self-starter, as appropriate
Strong control focus and attention to detail
Previous Operations experience preferred
For more information or to view other opportunities, visit us at www.paladininc.com.

Paladin Consulting is an EEOC employer.
Company Description
Paladin Consulting is a leading Staffing and Recruiting provider based in Dallas. We have been staffing and recruiting talent for Fortune 500 companies for 30+ years. Talk with us today about staffing and recruiting opportunities. We always welcome great recruiters and partner with staffing service providers to make sure our clients get the talent they need.
