Ref ID: 00310-0011482030Classification: Sales Analyst

Compensation: $75000.00 to $90000.00 yearly

My long time farming client has a newly created Data Analyst position to support the sales side of the business. This person will report to the sales manager and be responsible for compiling reports for the sales team and working with the field team to compile projections in a clear and concise matter. Looking for an applicant with experience in data analytics, to assist the sales team with planning based on internal and external data. Essential duties will include review historical data, compile information from the field to create accurate projections, data analytics, retailer data, internal sales data, USDA industry data, compile and maintain reports for the sales team and send daily projections for the following day's plan. A bachelor's of science is required with MBA highly preferred. For additional information please contact Beau Pennington at (559) 439-2815 or beau.pennington@roberthalf.com or on LinkedIn!

Job Requirements:
Data Analytics, Ad Hoc Analysis, Forecasting, Sales Analysis & Reporting, Financial Analysis

Robert Half Finance & Accounting matches skilled finance and accounting professionals in the areas of accounting, bookkeeping, finance, audit, taxation and more on a full-time basis. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the legal opportunities that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local office at 888.490.5461 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/finance to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Finance & Accounting. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
