Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a USMTF Data Analyst located in Langley AFB Hampton, VA. The selected candidate will support the United States Message Text Format (USMTF) Interoperability, Integration, Analysis and Configuration Management Support to the Joint Interoperability of Tactical Command and Control Systems (JINTACCS) Program Office at Langley AFB, VA. Currently Oasis Systems is offering relocation/sign on bonus, for additional information contact LOCATION: Langley AFB, VA
JOB STATUS: Full time
TRAVEL: N/A REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills) SECURITY CLEARANCE: Secret and NATO Secret EDUCATION: Bachelors degree in a technical field (such as engineering, computer science, etc.) Or an Associates degree in a technical field
CERTIFICATIONS: N/A
EXPERIENCE LEVEL: See below OTHER QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS: Bachelors degree in a technical field (such as engineering, computer science, etc.).
At least three (3) years recent experience (within last 10 years) in a job performing formal USMTF configuration management (to include development/analysis of complex ICPs), data management, military standards management, and requirements development (operational and information exchange).
At least three (3) years recent experience (within last 10 years) working with and exposure to Joint/Air Force doctrine, Allied Data Publication 3 (ADatP-3), and the NATO Consultation, Command and Control Board (C3B) and its subcommittees.
At least three (3) years recent experience (within last 10 years) working with Extensible Markup Language (XML) to include commercial tools, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Power Point. OR
An Associates degree in a technical field (such as engineering, computer science, information technology). At least five (5) years recent operational experience (performed within the last 10 years) working in an Air Operations Center (AOC) or similar Tactical Command and Control (C2) system (TAOC, CRC, AWACS, etc.). At least five (5) years recent experience (performed within the last 10 years) using USMTF messages (e.g. OPTASK LINK, ATO, ACO, etc.) in an operational environment. At least five (5) years recent experience (performed within the last 10 years) using software systems that use character-oriented message exchanges (USMTF). At least five (5) years recent experience (performed within the last 10 years) using and understanding MIL-STD-6040, DoD Interface Standard U.S. Message Text Format (USMTF) Description, Allied Data Publication 3 (ADatP-3), NATO Message Text Formatting System (FORMATS), and associated MTF message catalogs. At least two (2) years recent experience (within the last 10 years) working with Extensible Markup Language (XML) to include commercially available tools (e.g. XML Spy), Microsoft Work, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Power Point. RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide technical assistance and technical recommendations in the review of Joint Doctrine, Tactics Techniques and Procedures (TTP), Concepts of Operations (CONOPS), Initial Capabilities Document (ICDs), issue papers, plans, and other documents staffed through ACC/A5JI.
Support ACC/A5JI in the configuration management of MIL-STD-6040, DoD Interface Standard U.S. Message Text Format (USMTF) Description and Allied Data Publication 3 (ADatP-3), NATO Message Text Formatting System (FORMATS) and appropriate message catalogs.
Provide technical support to the Air Force voting principal at the Joint USMTF Configuration Control Board (CCB), NATO Senior Air Information Exchange Requirements (IER) Panel, and all other meetings relating to Message Text Formats. The Contractor shall attend required meetings and international forums.
Provide technical support at Air Force, Joint and combined forums and at any Joint working groups in which ACC/A5J/A5JI participates.
Provides technical support in the review and development decision for implementation of XML-MTF.
Provide technical support for operational users in translating requirements for information exchange into a Message Text Format.
Develop Interface Change Proposals (ICP) supporting Air Force Information Exchange Requirements (IER), to include formatting the IER and creating the ICP to update (MIL-STD 6040) and the message catalog.
Provide expertise in reviewing proposed MTF ICPs developed by other Services or Commands and provide technical assessments to include interoperability, integration, and implementation issues.
Provide analysis of the impacts of existing documentation on affected systems, operational procedures, or doctrine. The Contractor shall provide proposed solutions and recommendations for approval or disapproval and a recommendation for implementation of the ICP.
Develop Change Proposals (CP) supporting NATO Air IERs, to include formatting the IER and creating the CP to update Allied Data Publication 3 (ADatP-3) and the NATO message catalog.
Provide expertise in reviewing proposed NATO MTF CPs developed by other Nations, NATO Commands or IER panels and provide technical assessments to include interoperability, integration, and implementation issues.
Provide analysis of the impacts of existing documentation on affected systems, operational procedures, or doctrine. The Contractor shall provide proposed solutions and recommendations for approval or disapproval and a recommendation for implementation of the CP.
Provide technical support in the development and review of US Guidance Packages prepared by the Air Force representative to NATO working groups.
Provide expertise in the development and harmonization of Air Operations IERs in support of combined operations.
