Configuration and Data Management (C&DM) Analyst
Site


Hampton, VA

Employment duration


Full-Time

Job Category


Administrative

Apply Now

Job Brief


The successful applicant will support of the Technology, Engineering and Aerospace Mission Support (TEAMS 3) Contract at NASA Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia.

Analytical Mechanics Associates, Inc., (AMA) is proud of our customer relationships, our diverse and dynamic work environment, and our employees' career satisfaction. AMA is a small business specializing in aerospace engineering, business analytics, information technology, and visualization solutions. AMA combines the best of engineering and mathematics capabilities with the latest in information technologies and visualization to build creative solutions. Headquartered in Hampton, VA, AMA has operations in Huntsville, AL; Dallas and Houston, TX; Denver, CO; Santa Clara and Mountain View, CA; and Edwards Air Force Base, CA. We offer a competitive salary and attractive benefits package, including paid personal leave and holidays, salary deferrals into a 401(k) matching plan with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, short/long term disability plans, medical, dental, and vision insurance. Our website (www.ama-inc.com) describes our corporate values and how they apply to the professional success and growth of our employees

Job Description

The successful applicant will support of the Technology, Engineering and Aerospace Mission Support (TEAMS 3) Contract at NASA Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia. The position involves working with technical and business personnel at NASA, other Government Agencies and private industry to provide critical project management support on assigned projects.

A successful candidate will be responsible for managing project data through the project life cycle.

Requirements
Identifying, controlling, accounting for and verifying project information.
Evaluate the C&DM needs of programs/projects and provide resources and guidance to meet those needs.
Develop and maintain plans to implement C&DM requirements.
Work with project management to establish processes and procedures to meet NASA C&DM requirements
Identify configuration items to be controlled for each project, track and coordinate the controlled items.
Manage the process for developing and controlling product configuration information.
Establishing and maintaining the project repository by controlling access to sensitive information and ensuring latest revisions are uploaded to the system in a timely manner.
Provide training and assistance to project team members on the project repository.
Establishing and maintaining project document lists and document trees.
Coordinating project configuration control board activities and recording the resulting minutes and action items.
Support design reviews and conduct configuration audits.
Reviewing contractor configuration and data management plans to ensure compliance.
Coordinating all project document releases; Coordinating and preparing data to support major project reviews and providing templates for documents and presentations.
Tracking action items for project reviews and technical interchange meetings and maintaining the action item database and metrics.
Participate in creating processes and continuous process improvement.
Providing monthly configuration and data management reports and metrics for each project.
Participate in multifunctional efforts to develop and improve C&DM processes.
Manage deliverable data products required by customer contracts and supplier subcontracts.
Relevant Experience
Bachelor’s Degree with a minimum of 5 years of configuration and data management or related experience.
NASA experience, CM Certification, and understanding of ANSI/EIA 649 are a plus.
Excellent communication and presentation skills are vital, as this position is a key interface between several groups.
Strong organizational skills; a critical eye for detail; excellent interpersonal skills; and an ability to manage and control a large number of internal and external documents.
Candidate must be proactive, self-motivated and capable of working independently and in a team atmosphere.
Experience with Xerox Docushare and Microsoft SharePoint
Some travel will be required.
U.S. citizenship is mandatory.

AMA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited under Federal, State, or local laws.
