Acoustics Data Analyst/Flight Test Engineer
Site


Hampton, VA

Employment duration


Full-Time

Job Category


Engineering

Apply Now

Job Brief


AMA is in need of a full-time Acoustic and Rotorcraft Flight Test Data Analyst to support our team under the TEAMS 3 contract at NASA Langley Research Center.

Analytical Mechanics Associates, Inc., (AMA) is proud of our customer relationships, our diverse and dynamic work environment, and our employees' career satisfaction. AMA is a small business specializing in aerospace engineering, business analytics, information technology, and visualization solutions. AMA combines the best of engineering and mathematics capabilities with the latest in information technologies and visualization to build creative solutions. Headquartered in Hampton, VA, AMA has operations in Huntsville, AL; Dallas and Houston, TX; Denver, CO; Santa Clara and Mountain View, CA; and Edwards Air Force Base, CA. We offer a competitive salary and attractive benefits package, including paid personal leave and holidays, salary deferrals into a 401(k) matching plan with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, short/long term disability plans, medical, dental, and vision insurance. Our website (www.ama-inc.com) describes our corporate values and how they apply to the professional success and growth of our employees.

Job Description

AMA is in need of a full-time Acoustic and Rotorcraft Flight Test Data Analyst to support our team under the TEAMS 3 contract at NASA Langley Research Center. The candidate will have knowledge and experience in the field of acoustic data acquisition, data analysis, and experimental data documentation. Incumbent will assist in preparation and on-site acoustic data analysis during flight tests; documentation of flight test activities including data reduction and quality checks; and developing novel acoustic data analysis for future vehicle concepts

Technical Skills

Proficient in mathematical computer programming; preferably MATLAB and Fortran

Proficient in data acquisition and analysis.

Preference for aeroacoustic knowledge with rotorcraft and vertical lift flight technology acoustic experiments.

Preference to novel data analysis techniques and knowledge of aerodynamic noise sources.

Education and Qualifications

MS degree in Aeronautical Engineering or equivalent.

Strong oral and written communication skills.

Acquire and maintain secret clearance.

Requirements

U.S. Citizenship required.

AMA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited under Federal, State, or local laws.
