JOB SUMMARY

The purpose of this position is to provide complex research, data mining/analysis, reporting and interpretation of global, national, regional, local and/or account company performance metrics.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Designs, generates, reviews and understands reports. Uses aggregate data from multiple sources to create a complete analysis, improvement and/or recommendation(s).

Prepares and presents results of analysis and reports along with their relative impact(s) to the business to all levels of management.

Acts as project lead, including supervisory and/or managerial activities, in the coordination of the analyst team to successfully complete specified projects.

Develops scenario planning tools/models (exit/maintain/grow). Prepares forecasts and analyzes trends in general business conditions.

Identifies opportunities for improvements by and among the clients and/or companies.

Reviews accuracy of information provided and responds to requests from management and vendors.

Acts as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for key systems/processes in subject teams and day-to-day functions.

Coordinates involvement of personnel from other departments and information technology groups to facilitate successful project implementations.

Other duties may be assigned.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance and/or training to coworkers. May lead project teams plan and supervise assignments of lower level employees.

\n\nQUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE

Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from 4-year college or university required. Master's degree preferred. Minimum of 5 years of related experience and/or training.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES

None.

COMMUNICATION SKILLS

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE

Requires advanced knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts and commissions. Conducts advanced financial analysis.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret complex documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires advanced analytical and quantitative skills.

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES

Advance experience in MS Office Products (Excel, Access, Power Point, Word, etc). Ability to use query and report generation tools. Self-service/web based application experience desired.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Decisions made with thorough understanding of procedures, company policies, and business practices to achieve general results and deadlines. Responsible for setting work unit and/or project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to department.
