Universal Consulting Services, UCS, seeks candidates to become a part of a close-knit group of professionals for Service Desk careers to support the Component Enterprise Data Center (CEDC). This is an excellent opportunity to become a part of our team working for the Naval Information Warfare Center, NIWC-Atlantic Service Support Center located in Norfolk, VA. Formerly known as SPAWAR – Atlantic.

This is awarded work. Priority review will be given to former or recently separating Navy Veterans, Navy Reservists or Navy Civilian employees.

DOD SECRET CLEARANCE REQUIRED.

The Component Enterprise Data Center supports multiple programs that will require shifting from one knowledge base to another and handling many calls dealing with a multitude of issues.
Basic troubleshooting at a Tier 1 level with the option to escalate tickets to the Tier 2 level.
In this position, you will work with a large category of different customer types that could range from a call regarding an NROTC application, to an Instructor’s access to other naval systems or a Database Engineer whose server needs maintenance.
The applicant must be able to be clearly understood while also being able to translate the customer’s needs.
Coordination and teamwork are a must for this position.
Although your primary area of responsibility is Component Enterprise Data Center, you will also provide support to Military Sealift Command (MSC), Information Technology Service Management, and Naval Education and Training Command (NETC) programs: CeTARS, NETFOCUS, FastData, AIM, LAS, and Electronic Training Room. This position requires the ability to answer procedural questions and escalate incidents to the correct location for processing.
DOD SECRET CLEARANCE REQUIRED.
Work a non-standard schedule.
Able to sit for long periods of time.
Able to acclimate to and implement new knowledge quickly.
Exhibit excellent customer service skills. Requires an experienced, detail and customer service oriented individual to support various program and applications.
Attention to detail
Possess the ability to multi-task and work in a fast paced, team-oriented environment with the ability to work with little or no supervision.
Responds to telephone calls, email, and personnel requests for technical support.
This position will require strong communication skills (verbal and written) with a focus on customer service to both our staff and external clients.
Communicate effectively with end users of various levels of military and civilian ranking.
Operate Microsoft Outlook functional inboxes.
Be able to adapt to different systems e.g. ticketing systems and NETFOCUS among others. Understand and apply basic IT Troubleshooting.
Understand and apply technical troubleshooting steps.
