NOTE: Active DoD SECRET security clearance required

Job Description: Tamayo Federal Solutions, LLC, a Department of Defense contractor, is seeking Data Analysts – Junior and Mid level. These are contingent positions at this time. These positions will be located at Norfolk, VA.

We are seeking Junior and Mid-level Data Analysts that will be part of an energetic, results driven team. This position requires the candidate to support development, revisions and/or validation of various program office documentation such as: the ACCMP manual; Expanded Ship's Work Breakdown Structure (ESWBS) manual; and Process Instructions.

Duties will include but not be limited to:

- Support development and management of the CMP and BAWPs for execution of life-cycle maintenance requirements during aircraft carrier availabilities to include integration of assessments, maintenance requirements, inspections, certifications, modernization and services;

- Conduct end-of-availability reviews to validate completion of BAWP items;

- Update M&SWP (or similar) and maintenance history databases using Availability Work Package (AWP) completion data, including financial and material history;

- Develop and maintain metrics

Preferred/Required Skills (Not all are required; in your resume, please list your experience with any of the below skills):

- Maintenance and modernization of Navy ships

- Data management

- Preparing and presenting written and oral reports

- Principles of Risk Assessment

- MS Office with special emphasis in MS Excel

- Database development and maintenance within MS Access

- M&SWP

Education/Experience Required:

- No required degree

- Mid level: 5 years professional experience minimum

- Junior level: No experience required. Candidates with 1 or more years of experience preferred

SECURITY REQUIREMENTS:

- U.S. Citizenship required.

- Candidate must have active SECRET Clearance

Tamayo Federal Solutions, LLC offers a full package of benefits and competitive salary, excellent group medical, vision and dental programs; tuition reimbursement; employee training, development and education programs; advancement opportunities; and much more!

EEO/AA Employer. Protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities encouraged to apply.

Please NO RECRUITERS – Job Applicants ONLY

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Experience:
Documentation: 2 years (Required)
Navy Aircraft Carriers: 2 years (Required)
Navy Ship Maintenance: 2 years (Required)
Process Development: 2 years (Required)
Related: 3 years (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
