Job Description

What Youll Get to Do:

Youll be joining an elite team of subject matter experts supporting Military Sealift Commands Logistics Data Management Program. Youll be able to challenge yourself with data analytics to provide innovative solutions and continuous process improvement, while learning MSC unique systems, databases, and processes.

More About the Role:
Provide logistics life cycle data management support services to include maintenance for engineering configuration data updates, validation table maintenance, Defense Logistics Service Center refresh updates, historical National Item Identification Number (NIIN) updates, CDMD-OA updates, OSI/SRI/AEL Allowance tables, Parts List (APL/AEL) updates.
Perform data analyses by comparing information located in separate, but related, databases or tables.
Produce and analyze metrics relating to supply effectiveness, inventory management, configuration activity, and configured equipment/hierarchical structure codes (HSCs).
Generate reports by ship/class/program and conduct analyses/comparison of resulting data.
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in business, technical, or engineering field
3 years technical experience relevant to maritime logistics systems and data management
2 years of experience in maintaining Oracle or Sybase Relational Data Management Systems database (RDBMS) using ANSI SQL applications, or similar commercial software
1 year experience developing enterprise logistics data analysis/studies
1 year experience executing ship acquisition and fleet sustainment support services utilizing any of the following systems: MSC/Navy /Coast Guard/Commercial databases/systems such as CLIP/CMLS, ShipCLIP, WinMASP, NTCSS, CDMD-OA, SCLSIS, MERLIN, Inter-Active Computer Aided Provisioning System (ICAPS) or IHS Haystack
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Innovative/Creative Forward Thinker
Fluent in Microsoft Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Visio
Ability to conduct analyses and data representations using Excel Data Models, Power Pivot, Pivot Tables
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location

US-Norfolk-VA-NORFOLK-VIRGINIA BCH

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
