IT Analyst III - Data Systems

Job no:

Work type: Staff Full-Time

Location: Main Campus (Gainesville, FL)

Categories: Engineering/Computer Science, Information Systems/Technology, Library/Physical/Social Science, Research/Scientific/Grants

Department: - INSTITUTE-CHILD HEALTH POLICY

Classification Title:IT Analyst III

Job Description:

The Department of Health Outcomes and Biomedical Informatics (HOBI) participates in multiple Medicaid funded or related projects. Supporting State quality initiatives and conducting policy research using Medicaid and other health data sources.
The incumbent in this position is part of a data management team responsible for data warehousing, management and analysis. They will design and manage data systems that include multi-sourced health, healthcare system, and social or population data sets. Data storage systems include SQL Server, and SAS. Management, access, and analytic tools also include Tableau, MySQL, Access, Python, R, ArcGIS, and others
Responsibilities include:
Design and manage data file systems from multiple research projects that include multiple data sets using a variety of database and statistical software tools, for example, SQL and SAS. Optimize transformation and transfer of data between projects and platforms. Provide expertise and communicate recommendations on data structures and appropriate use to project leadership. Interact effectively with internal and external data sharing partners.
Enhance data summary and reporting using various software tools such as SQL, SAS, Tableau, and application development tools. Suggest best practices for data and design improvements. Assist project leadership in representing information through data visualization and appropriate summarization.
Conduct data analyses using specifically designed healthcare data software, or other statistical software or programming tools such as SQL , Python, R, etc. Participate in interpretation of results. Provide statistical or data science expertise to project leadership, or other research staff.
Assist in development and maintenance of software applications used in project implementation and reporting. Perform user testing. Advise project coordinators on application planning and deployment. Assist with software audits.
Expected Salary:
$75,000 - $82,000

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in an appropriate area and two years of relevant experience; or a high school diploma or equivalent and six years of experience. Appropriate college coursework or vocational/technical training may substitute at an equivalent rate for the required experience

Preferred Qualifications:

Proficiency with statistics commonly applied in public health and clinical research
One year experience in health care research or data management, including administrative data analysis
Diverse skills in data management, programming, and statistical methods; ability and experience working with a number of software packages (e.g., SQL, Tableau)
Expertise in communicating complex data and analyses to lay or industry partners and stakeholders, in project development and reporting
Ability to work independently, with initiative, manage time and work with minimal supervision to analyze problems and take appropriate action to complete projects.

Special Instructions to Applicants:
In order to be considered, you must upload your cover letter and resume.
This is a time-limited position.
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call or the Florida Relay System at (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law.
This requisition has been reposted. Previous applicants are still under consideration and need not apply.
Application must be submitted by 11:55 p.m. (ET) of the posting end date.

Health Assessment Required:No

Advertised: 18 Jun 2020 Eastern Daylight Time

Applications close: 02 Jul 2020 Eastern Daylight Time
