Neustar is an information services and technology company and a leader in identity resolution providing the data and technology that enables trusted connections between companies and people at the moments that matter most. More information is available at https://www.home.neustar.

Job Requisition:

R-3072 Data Analytics Insights Analyst (Open)

Primary Location:

LOS ANGELES

Job Description:

Data Analytics Insights Analyst– NY/SF/LA
Who are we?
As a company built on the foundation of Privacy by Design, for more than 20 years Neustar’s unique capabilities have made us the leader in the field of responsible identity resolution. Neustar enables trusted connections between companies and people at the moments that matter most, with world-class and industry leading solutions in Marketing, Risk, Communications, Security and Registry services.
What is a Data Analytics Insights Analyst?
Neustar is looking for talented analysts with excellent quantitative and analytical skills. Our ideal candidates are determined to combine the art and science of data analytics and marketing to help clients address the complex challenges of marketing effectiveness, ROI, brand equity impact, channel effectiveness, and pricing. In the Data Analytics Insights Analyst role, you’ll work with senior data scientists on multi-million dollar customer engagements. You’ll build your network with the top marketing leadership in major companies across virtually all industries. You’ll work hands on with quantitative marketing data to analyze and reveal the business drivers of the Fortune 500. You will develop expertise at the intersection of big data, marketing, and consulting. Our work is not just about delivering a project and moving on to the next challenge. Instead, it’s about delivering an evolving stream of value and enabling fact-based decision making.
What you will be doing:
You’ll help clients know everything they can about their customers and prospects, deliver exceptional customer experiences, and know if their marketing worked and how to make it better.
You’ll help diagnose business needs, translate into questions that Neustar will answer, and architect ways to wrangle data from multiple sources.
You’ll work closely with Neustar’s data scientists and consultants to identify new insights, translate findings into the stakeholder’s native language and tell stories to make complex things simple to understand and translate into measurable actions.
You’ll implement our unified analytics solutions to address marketing effectiveness, return on investment (ROI), brand equity impact, segmentation, pricing, and environmental factors.
Work with senior data scientists to ensure model quality in terms of modeling methodologies, data / model validation metrics, actionable insights, and analytical/technical best practices.
In our Neustar proprietary analytics platform implement multi-touch attribution models (MTA) and marketing mix models (MMM) that are based on statistics, econometrics, and/or machine learning techniques such as logistic regression, choice model, time-series model, panel data model, Bayesian statistics, ridge regression, structural equations, probability theory, clustering algorithms, etc.
Analyze big data sets to generate deep insights on paid media, organic media, market conditions, web navigations, and individuals’ propensities on multi-step conversion activities in the consumer journeys.
Validate model results and package them into insightful client-friendly reports on ROI analysis, forecasting, simulation and optimization.
Ensure rigorous quality control and detect anomalies in the model with ongoing new data stream.
Interdisciplinary work: you’ll interact with multiple teams across the firm to implement our end-to-end solutions and improve processes: Data Operations, Solution Architects, Consulting Services, Product and Engineering.
What we would love to see:
Familiarity or interest in data analytics and/or statistical concepts such as marketing mix modeling, digital attribution modeling, multivariate regression, time-series modeling, Bayesian statistics, segmentation modeling, machine learning, data mining, simulation, optimization, forecasting, and ROI analysis
Working knowledge of Excel, SQL, R, and Python or similar
Bachelor’s degree (required) with mathematical or engineering background: Statistics, Data Mining, Operations Research, Econometrics, Finance, Engineering or similar
An effective cross functional communicator in both written and verbal skills
Ability to manage multiple projects with a large cross-functional team
Ability and willingness to learn in a fast paced environment and adapt to the situation
1 to 3 years of quantitative analytics experience with marketing metrics and tracking is helpful but not required
Why work for us?
At Neustar, we are committed to the growth and development of our employees whose individual skills, curiosity and passion for their work, contribute to the overall success of our business. Our core values (Accountability, Collaboration, Transparency, Resilience, and Respect) are the driving force of our culture across our locations around the globe. We offer our employees a comprehensive benefits package including perks such as tuition reimbursement, awesome company discounts, back-up day care, community service events, pet and baby swag and much more! We are all learning and creating together; and having some major fun along the way.
JOIN US! We can’t wait to meet you!

Neustar does not accept unsolicited resumes from external firms or agencies. Neustar will not be responsible for placement fees associated with unsolicited resumes.

DIVERSITY
Diversity, inclusion and teamwork are second nature to Neustar; and these values permeate our entire business structure. Neustar is committed to creating an environment where a wide spectrum of opinions and beliefs are actively sought, listened to and respected. Further, our talented workforce draws from the many geographic areas and markets in which Neustar operates worldwide, which represents a distinct competitive advantage. The rich and varied personal and professional backgrounds of our employees make Neustar a dynamic and rewarding company at which to build a career. We invite you to join us.

EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disability
Neustar, Inc. considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran in accordance with federal law and other state and local requirements. Neustar, Inc., complies with applicable state and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment and provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) and applicable state and local laws.
