PRACTICE OVERVIEW
Radiology Partners is the largest and fastest growing on-site radiology practice in the US. We are an innovative practice focused on transforming how radiologists provide consistently exceptional services to hospitals, imaging centers, referring physicians and patients. With our state-of-the art clinical technology, specialized expertise, access to capital, and retention of top physician talent, Radiology Partners reliably exceeds the expectations of our clients, patients, and partners. We serve our clients with an operational focus, and, above all, a commitment to quality patient care. Our mission is To Transform Radiology.

POSITION SUMMARY
Radiology Partners is looking for a passionate Data Analyst to help build and update database driven and Excel based models within the areas of revenue recognition, and financial planning and analysis. A central business goal of the finance team is to move manual business processes to an automated framework. The candidate will work closely with a team with two Sr. Financials Analysts and a Director of Finance and be part of the broader RP Finance team.

They will need to have a strong command of SQL and the Microsoft Office suite, and have a working knowledge of Python or adjacent languages. Experience with Tableau development or Django a plus. They additionally need to have experience taking unstructured objectives, independently making assumptions, and delivering actionable analysis. The ideal candidate will possess strong technical skills and business acumen while having a high capacitive to learn independently.

POSITION DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Revenue recognition-
o Help to develop new automated process
o Validate data integrity from RP-wide Data Mart as it relates to the Finance team
o Assist with development of visualization tools
o Load ancillary data to Finance data server
o Assist in implementing monthly changes to model inputs
o In the short-term, use our legacy Excel based revenue recognition process to drive revenue recognition for a small portion of the business
Financial planning & analysis-
o Revenue forecasting & budgeting
o Ad hoc Excel based model updates
o Transition legacy business processes to automated environments
General-
o Monthly preliminary review of variances to plan or recent trend
o Building queries and analytical pipelines to automate analyses and reporting
o Interpreting data and analyzing results using statistical techniques

DESIRED PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Undergraduate degree in Business Analytics, STEM, Quantitative Social Science discipline, Information Management, Data Science, or related qualified major
Passion for solving business problems with data
Proven working experience working in an analytical capacity developing insights and making recommendations
Experience using data access tools and building visualizations using large datasets and multiple data sources
Ability to learn and assimilate technical information quickly
Very focused attention to detail and accuracy
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, SQL and Python
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
2+ years of client-facing/consulting preferably in Data Analysis
2+ years of SQL (Oracle, Vertica, Hive, etc.) or relational database experience (Oracle, MySQL)
1+ year of experience with packages such as Python or Tableau
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets
Adept at queries, report writing, and presenting findings
CCPA Notice: When you submit a job application or resume, you are providing the Practice with the following categories of personal information that the Practice will use for the purpose of evaluating your candidacy for employment: (1) Personal Identifiers; and (2) Education and Employment History.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Relocation Assistance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
https://www.radpartners.com/
