About Us:

PlayQ is a rapidly growing global entertainment and technology company delivering high-quality mobile titles and innovative game development solutions to a worldwide audience. Our games have been downloaded more than 60 million times across the globe, with millions of users playing every day!

Our dedicated teams, based in downtown Santa Monica, CA, work together to craft the clever, visually stunning, and unforgettable experiences that our players love. Our emphasis on individual leadership means each team member has the opportunity to make a big impact, while our commitment to creative freedom gives them the ability to create whatever they can imagine.

It's this mindset that has led us to develop our own IP, infuse games with rich storytelling, build our own development tools, and solve the deepest technical challenges - all in the name of disrupting the mobile gaming landscape.

Job Overview:

PlayQ is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to spearhead analyses and provide meaningful insights into player behavior and engagement. The Data Analyst will leverage billions of data points from our games to build dashboards, answer key business questions, and tell compelling stories. This person will conduct in-depth analyses of our data, report on key game metrics, and provide recommendations that will have a direct impact in shaping future game development and company initiatives. The ideal candidate is intelligent, sharp, detail-oriented, and highly quantitative individual who loves working with and analyzing data.

Responsibilities:
Perform in-depth analyses to provide answers to specific business questions and acquire a deep understanding of player behavior
Report and present findings and actionable recommendations to respective teams and key stakeholders
Monitor, identify and investigate changes in KPIs and provide insights into the underlying cause of such changes
Conduct a variety of ad hoc data analyses and fulfill data requests for new product/version releases, design documentation, marketing material, and user acquisition campaigns
Design and document tracking specifications for core KPIs, feature additions, experimentation, and user acquisition campaigns
Create thoughtful and compelling dashboards to monitor KPIs and performance for our current and future game titles
Check and debug any data-related issues to ensure accurate tracking and data integrity
Assist with the development of new tools and processes for data analysis across the company
Requirements:
BA/BS degree in Math, Statistics, or other quantitative field
2-3 years of post-graduate experience as a data analyst or similar analytical role, preferably for a technology or gaming company
Proficiency in SQL and querying large & complex data sets
Proficiency in Tableau, Looker, Power BI or other BI/visualization tools
Skilled in statistical inference & hypothesis testing and use of statistical tools/libraries
Skilled in Python or R
Excellent communication, presentation, and visual reporting skills
Strong analytical skills with the ability to apply business strategy to data analysis and recommendations
Loves problem-solving, has an innate ability to investigate issues and find the optimal solutions
Desire to work independently on analyses and projects from inception to completion
Bonus Points:
Working knowledge of Bayesian statistics
Experience in building machine learning models and predictive analytics
Perks:
Competitive compensation and equity options
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and long term disability insurance
Flexible time off
401K plan with company match
Stocked kitchen with free snacks and beverages of your choice
Catered weekly team lunches
Brand new penthouse office space equipped with outdoor patios offering beachfront views
Monthly team outings and volunteer opportunities
Help build and support awesome GAMES. For a living! Who doesn't love games?
Interested? Please get in touch!
