Warner Bros. Content Technology and Operations seeks a Data Operations Analyst
for our Data Governance team, The role will be responsible for metadata
collation, localization, and delivery for Feature and Television titles for
digital distribution to clients. The role will be responsible for performing
complex business systems analysis for enterprise master data applications
across Warner Bros., Warner Media, and external data sources. The Data
Operations Analyst is expected to work in a fast-paced environment, multitask,
and oversee operations and special projects. The candidate must be willing to
adapt to a constantly changing environment and ensure guidelines and business
processes are followed. Additional areas of responsibility include
understanding, identifying and documenting business process and functional
requirements. This role will work closely with the Intellectual Property Review
(IPR) and Data Governance Operations teams on daily operations,
troubleshooting, and special projects such as system enhancements.

The Daily
Manage and provide clear direction to outsourced team members, onsite and
offshore, to ensure on time delivery and accuracy of metadata, as
required by the business.
Coordinate and communicate effectively with clients and internal teams
for troubleshooting and ad-hoc requests. Requires daily management of
releases and coordinate with internal stakeholders from marketing,
publicity to in-territory and local client requirements for metadata from
broadcast to home entertainment windows.
Lead meetings, oversee and lead operations and spearhead special projects
to support the digital supply chain.
Review, organize and analyze data sets across WB studio systems to
provide actionable insights to improve system implementations, data flows
and/or operational processes.
Propose improvements and efficiencies to workflows. Ability to analyze
data, create reports, and document processes/workflow diagrams. Problem-
solve and determine root causes in order to propose changes to existing
process or procedures.
Develop business scenarios and use cases for UAT and QA/QC testing for
integration and implementation in metadata management system.

The Essentials
Bachelor s Degree required.
Experience in operations and project management.
Experience with master data management discipline preferred.
Knowledge of project management, team collaboration and documentation
software, e.g. Atlassian Jira, Confluence, Trello, Slack, etc. a plus.
Proficient in MS Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, etc).
Deep analytical skills who can ask relevant questions at the right time
and provide multiple solution approaches to problems and challenges
related to architecture, technical and non-technical issues.
Demonstrate initiative to stay abreast of technology advancements.
Ability to apply technology in solving business technical problems.
Experience in leading process change and implementing best practices
associated with system implementation, replacement, and major
enhancement.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to multi-
task many projects.
Strong ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences.
Strong organization skills, project management skills a plus.
Must be an advocate for quality.
Must be detail-oriented.
Must be comfortable working with a reasonable level of autonomy after
instruction.
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of
personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to facilitate business process discussions with groups of 5-
10 people.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work well under time constraints.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities,
communicating changes in scope and schedule to all parties concerned.
Must be service-oriented.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality.
