Grow your career at Cedars-Sinai!
Come join us and find out why
Cedars-Sinai has been ranked as one of the top 100 best places to work in IT as
ranked by 2018 Computerworld Magazine for the 10th year in a row!
The Enterprise Information Services (EIS) team at Cedars-Sinai understands that
true clinical transformation and the optimization of a clinical information
systems implementation is fueled through the alignment of the right people,
processes and technologies.

What will I be doing in this role?
The Data Intelligence Analyst II works with end-user requests to document moderately to complex business requirements, data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirement in support of enterprise data intelligence projects. Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business/clinical needs and data elements required or available. Produces data sets, reports, ad-hoc requests, dashboards, etc. Conducts data analysis in support of a variety of analytic solutions. Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers. Analyzes complex problems and issues using data from internal and external sources. May provide consultation to users and lead cross-functional teams to address data and analytic issues. Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers. Analyzes complex problems and issues using data from internal and external sources. May provide consultation to users and lead cross-functional teams to address data and analytic issues.

Job Responsibilities:
Triages intake of data requests and seeks understanding of business need.
Applies knowledge of healthcare and critical thinking skills in the analysis of business request and makes recommendations for solution/s to solve challenges.
Provides moderately complex to complex report and data analysis with the help of more senior team members, vendors, and/or other EIS department contacts.
Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers.
Works closely with application teams to understand workflow, documentation standards and potential gaps. Makes recommendations for closing gaps.
Gathers clear and concise requirements for basic to medium complexity requests, interprets the findings and translates the information into a documented business specification for report development.
Documents specifications in an organized manner, demonstrate knowledge of understanding request, tools that can be applied and developed to present to the requestor.
Works closely with report developers (including Enterprise Data Warehouse and other reporting teams)to ensure understanding of data models and design of output.
Performs data scrubbing, troubleshooting and quality checking prior to delivery of results.
Demonstrates collaboration across application areas and work groups. Must demonstrate a working understanding of fundamental project management methodologies and components of project life cycle.
Proactively communicates with project management to prioritize workload and potential risks or delays. Tracks issues and provides solution-oriented escalation to project leadership.
May be independently responsible for completing tasks/assignments depending on size of project, including status reporting, requirement gathering, project scoping, vendor research, project planning, documentation, resources planning, and impact analysis. Demonstrate a working understanding of fundamental project management methodologies and components of project life cycle.
Manages low to medium complexity projects. Collaborates with team members as needed.
Performs working level process and requirement analysis, including process mapping though current flow charts, documents, future needs/plans, requirement elicitation, stakeholder analysis, and specification gathering in support of team projects and small/medium managed projects.
Demonstrates a strong understanding of report analysis and development, and applies expertise to help meet customer goals and outcomes.
Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers.
May be independently responsible for completing tasks/assignments depending on size of project, including but not limited to status reporting, requirement gathering, project scoping, vendor research, project planning, documentation, resources planning, and impact analysis. Must demonstrate a working understanding of fundamental project management methodologies and components of project life cycle.
Manages low to medium complexity projects. Collaborates with team members as needed.
Demonstrates a strong understanding of report analysis and development and applies expertise to help meet customer goals and outcomes.
Trains end-users and staff as necessary.
Develops to demonstrate a strong understanding of build concepts, Epic migration paths, change control process/governance and ticket management process.
May serve as the central point of contact for smaller/medium complex projects. May independently work with external vendors in support of team projects, as well as resolving new issues, and coordinating patches/upgrades within assigned areas.
Demonstrates collaboration across project borders with other teams. Thinks outside the box and proposes practical solutions to issues. Provides oversight and project management to assigned tasks.
May contribute to strategy discussions by identifying options with associated pros and cons with team member.
Teamwork/Customer Relation Responsibilities:
Collaborates to problem solve and make decisions to achieve desired outcomes
Establishes effective working relationships with cross-functional team(s)
Cultivates and maintains strong customer relationships and rapport with stakeholders and/or client groups

Education:

Bachelor's Degree

Experience:
3 years Experience working with healthcare information management systems and/or clinical operations experience.
Some project management experience.
Experience writing SQL statements and accessing relational database system.
Excellent experience in Microsoft Office including working knowledge of spreadsheets, presentation, and word processing.
Experience with analytic business intelligence tools such as Crystal, Business Objects, SAS, and Tableau.
3 years Epic certified in relevant module/s.
Strong technical proficiency in Reporting Workbench and Radar build.
Able to independently analyze basic to moderately complex Clarity report requests, Reporting Workbench and Radar build requests with assistance if needed.
EPIC Certification Required
