Ref ID: 00320-9502603451Classification: Mid-Senior Data Analyst

Compensation: $90000.00 to $110000.00 yearly
**FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION, please email resumes to Ali Scott at ali.scott@rht.com with the title of Data Analyst***
Functional Role: Data Analyst

Location: South Los Angeles, CA

Benefits: M/D/V

Salary Range: $90,000-110,000 (DOE)

Summary: You didn't get to where you are by following an expected path. You follow your instincts, while everyone around you sits back and waits for life to happen. You are a catalyst, an agent of change. You're smart, energetic, and aggressive. You possess an entrepreneurial spirit. You are inquisitive, innovative, and resourceful. You have a fresh perspective. A large insurance company is looking for a Business System Analyst. If you are looking for incredible stability in our current market this is one of our best clients to join!

Job Requirements:

Top Requirements:

• 4+ years experience as a Data Analyst working with a variety of database systems
• Strong experience with Tableau reporting, SQL databases, and excel
• Ability to work independently, dig through different databases and understand how to align data tables and to consolidate in a normal fashion
• Insurance Industry experience is a strongly preferred
**FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION, please email resumes to Ali Scott at ali.scott@rht.com with the title of Data Analyst***
Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
