Under the general direction of the Research Core Manager and the Principal Investigator(s), your primary responsibility is the day-to-day administration of large translational research grant(s). You will assists with many tasks including scheduling meetings, communications, financial report preparation, purchasing, reimbursement, travel, and coordination of seed grants and developmental funds and will be the day-to-day liaison for projects and committees, other related on and off-campus agencies and institutions and administrators serving as a liaison for project investigators, collaborations, and committee members and responsible for communication and consultation with project(s) program officer(s) and staff. You will ensure proper compliance, maintenance of all associated research files. including minority inclusion policy monitoring. Working with the department fund management team, the incumbent ensures budget reporting compliance according to project timelines.

Job Title: Epidemiologist Data Analyst-Urology

UC Job Title: PUBL ADMNST ANL

Job Number: req7087

Work Hours: M-F; 8AM-5PM; Hours May Vary

Job Type: career

Duration: Indef

Work Location:Los Angeles

Salary Range: 23.04 - 45.54

Job Duties:

Under the general direction of the Research Core Manager and the Principal Investigator(s), your primary responsibility is the day-to-day administration of large translational research grant(s). You will assists with many tasks including scheduling meetings, communications, financial report preparation, purchasing, reimbursement, travel, and coordination of seed grants and developmental funds and will be the day-to-day liaison for projects and committees, other related on and off-campus agencies and institutions and administrators serving as a liaison for project investigators, collaborations, and committee members and responsible for communication and consultation with project(s) program officer(s) and staff. You will ensure proper compliance, maintenance of all associated research files. including minority inclusion policy monitoring. Working with the department fund management team, the incumbent ensures budget reporting compliance according to project timelines.

Job Qualifications:
Demonstrated strong writing skills.
Demonstrated ability to develop long-range strategic planning and operationalize according to grant mandates.
Demonstrated ability to organize, initiate and work independently to address responsibilities; must have strong time management skills and ability to independently prioritize tasks and re-prioritize work based on knowledge of research objectives.
Skill in handling sensitive or confidential matters with discretion.
Analytical skills to analyze information, practices and procedures, formulate logical and objective conclusions, and make recommendations for effective solutions.
Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills; ability to effectively and clearly communicate research goals, participant's obligations, benefits and limits to study participation in terms understood by participants; ability to discuss sensitive health and emotional matters; and ability to communicate effectively with medical, nursing and administrative personnel and regulatory.
Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with culturally diverse population (cultural, socio-economic status, educational, cognitive) in order to efficiently establish rapport and cooperative, collaborative working relationships.
Demonstrated ability to work with persons with highly sensitive health issues.
Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain a cooperative working relationship with co-workers, faculty, research staff, students, and community contacts and collaborate effectively as a team.
Bachelor’s degree in a health science field, such as biology, nursing, public health, etc. strongly preferred
Master’s in health science field, such as biology, nursing, public health, etc. preferred
Knowledge of basic science related cancer treatment.
Demonstrated ability to maintain confidentiality.
Experience developing, monitoring, and implementing office systems and procedures to ensure a smooth and effective operation.
Knowledge of prostate cancer treatment and treatment-related side effects.
Ability to work a flexible schedule in order to meet changing priorities.
Familiarity with medical terminology.
Skill in event planning, both on-campus and off-campus


Bargaining Unit: 99

Layoff Referral Deadline: 3/17/2020

Posted Date: 3/2/2020

Posting Category: Research
