Company Description
------------------
Élever Professional is seeking a Customer Insights Manager for
our client in Los Angeles, CA., who is blowing up the mobile/
social scene. Our client is a scaling social, mobile start-up
with an enormous and growing foundation of engaged users.
They're next move is to continue their profitable ways by taking
crucial data from their users and roadmapping the next generation
of products. That's where you come in to the picture.

Job Description
--------------
The position of Customer Insights Manager will support analytics
activity that guide marketing decisions about where to grow
profitable customer relationships. The objective is to help drive
improved business performance through customer insight. You'll
work alongside senior team members and interface with Marketing,
Distribution and Operations to change business processes to be
analytically-driven.

If that doesn't sound fun enough, you'll find yourself staying
busy by.....
Supporting a broad range of projects in the overall Customer
Analytics group.
Conducting quantitative and statistical analyses of customer
information, evaluating customer behavior and the profitability
of marketing activity to generate actionable insights supporting
marketing decisions.
Evaluating opportunities to improve customer profitability,
targeting efficacy, product offer, channel preference, customer
persistency, and etc.
Participating in strategic decisions relating to customer
needs, preferences, segmentation, as well as advertising, direct
marketing, and digital marketing efforts.
Implementing and managing predictive models; provide project
management oversight on various projects as needed.
Supporting analytical collaborations in the analysis,
documentation, and socialization; develop reports and
presentations as related to project results.

Qualifications
-------------
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Economics,
or Business preferred.
Creative thinker with good organizational, analytical, and
communication skills.
Ability to work effectively across business functions via
collaboration skills.
Good communicator to work with regional and local businesses,
across functions.
Strong ability to execute.
Proficient in MS Office.
Basic knowledge of SQL preferred.
One to 2 years experience in financial services or quantitative
analysis.
Zero to 2 years experience in predictive modeling.
Wizardry Level with Tableau and Treasure Data
Additional Information
---------------------
We welcome your application online and will make every effort to
respond to qualified applicants.All of your information will be
kept confidential and assessed in accordance with EEO guidelines.
Visit us at http://eleverpro.com for more information about our
services.

View all of the exciting opportunities we're looking to fill at
http://www.eleverpro.com/executive-recruiter-jobs/
