Machines that Move Us.

People who Inspire Us.

Stories that Drive Us.

Check us out: http://bit.ly/MotorTrendG

About Us

We are MotorTrend.

With a monthly reach of more than 131 million, the MotorTrend Group is the largest automotive media company in the world. Launched with MotorTrend's iconic magazine 70 years ago, the company now has a global reach that includes MotorTrend TV, the MotorTrend streaming service, MotorTrend.com, and Hot Rod magazine, with franchises that include MotorTrend Car of the Year, Roadkill, Wheeler Dealers, Best Driver's Car and dozens more. Our portfolio brings together Discovery's #1 TV network for automotive super fans, with our vast automotive digital platform that includes direct-to-consumer products, websites, apps, social, and live events.

Our People

The people who work at MotorTrend embody the passion of our content, and wake up everyday intent on embracing, entertaining, and empowering the motoring world.

The Role

Job Summary & Responsibilities:

The Automotive Data Analyst (full-time, salaried, regular) helps demystify the new car market. Using data from numerous sources (including proprietary MotorTrend testing data), the analyst arms editors of the MotorTrend New Car Buying Guide with the insights they need to craft stories that will entertain and inform in-market shoppers. At the core of this role, the data analyst will also maintain a ratings system within the buying guide. Reporting to the Senior Manager of Content Operations, essential duties of the Automotive Data Analyst include but are not limited to:
Maintaining the MotorTrend buying guide's ratings and rankings systems, working with other editors (and the numbers) to keep the machine humming.
Coordinating the process of updating our dataset and publishing new rankings on a regular basis.
Continuously evaluating our rankings algorithm to uncover new ways to improve our rankings methodology.
Adeptly monitoring the new car market, inputting automaker data into our buying guide and rankings systems when applicable.
Work with the product & developer teams to ensure data is ingested properly and is properly displayed on the site.
Perform data QA functions to ensure our data is always 100-percent accurate.
Helping MotorTrend explore new content-creation opportunities by providing insights on various sets of data.
Flexibly pivoting from a mix of directly assigned projects to suggesting areas of editorial opportunity.
Communication: Present findings to all appropriate audiences on a consistent basis via email, verbal, in-person, and other communication methods as deemed appropriate.
Supervisory Responsibility:
This position will not include supervising one or more employees where applicable.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in economics, Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, or related quantitative field
2-5 years of experience in a top management consulting firm, investment bank, private equity, hedge fund, and/or media/entertainment/tech company in a strategy/business development/analytical role.
Prior experience in Media/Entertainment is a plus, but not a prerequisite
Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities:
Candidates are required to be highly analytical and be strong, effective communicators. You must thrive in a fast-paced environment, possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, focus on generating results and exhibit the highest personal and professional standards of integrity and ethics.
The ideal candidate must be motivated, disciplined, flexible, and be able to work effectively autonomously.
Experience in conducting analyses to drive revenue impact and / or in strategic finance, corporate development, investment banking or consulting.
Experience with Adobe Analytics, Business Intelligence Tools.
Physical Requirements:
The ability to sit for prolonged period of time and view computer screen.
Equipment/Software Used:
Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Adobe
Work Environment:
Work is performed in an office environment that is well lit and ventilated.
NOTE: This position description reflects management's assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict any other tasks that may be assigned.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances.
