Enterprise Data Quality Technical Analyst (EDM) - Downtown LA - Full Time, Direct Hire

The Enterprise Data Quality Technical Analyst is a key role responsible for developing and supporting an Enterprise data quality solutions. This role will support the business in the ability to analyze and assess the data quality in the various data environments (Transactional, MDM etc.). This is critical in supporting the Data Governance organization with actionable information to improve the quality and value of information assets. Client is consolidating its data management platform on Informatica including Informatica MDM, Power Center, Data Quality (IDQ), EDC and Axon .

Responsibilities:

Data Quality Development
Responsible for full cycle development (designing, testing, deploying, and documenting the data quality procedures and their outputs).
Document at a functional level how the procedures work within the data quality applications.
Perform data load and mappings from source.
Business and Technical rules Management
Partner with the Data Governance Office and business data stewards to provide summary results of data quality analysis, which will be used to make decisions regarding how to measure business rules and quality of the data.
Translate the business data quality rules into technical rules which are implemented on the platform.
Develop and implement additional data quality monitoring based on requirements gathered from business units.
Data Quality as a Service
Develop and implement additional data quality monitoring based on requirements gathered from business units.
Manage and prioritize a request queue for new data quality monitoring requests over new data elements, new data quality rules, and maintenance to existing rules.
Provide reports to provide insight to data quality errors.
Required:
3-5 years of data analyst experience performing data profiling, data mapping, data validation, data manipulation, data analysis, use case, test cases, etc. preferably in a data-intensive financial company.
3-5 years' experience in defining and deploying data quality programs and tools on enterprise data quality projects
3-5 Years of experience in Data Quality
If interested, please contact Margot Parsons at Mparsons@genuent.com or call 714-465-5478
