Company Description

Catasys is making a positive impact on people’s lives every day. We use predictive analytics to identify health plan members with unaddressed behavioral health conditions that worsen chronic disease, then engage, support and guide these members to better health with a personalized, human-centered approach. This has led us to where we are today: growing fast and saving lives as we do.

To support our explosive growth, we’re looking for compassionate, hard-working people-lovers to join our team. If innovating in the field of patient care is something you’re passionate about, we encourage you to join our mission to improve the health and save the lives of as many people as possible.

Impact lives in so many ways
You'll be an integral part in supporting people coping with their unique life challenges. Every member of the Catasys team contributes to accomplishing our goals and upholding our people-centric values.

The new face of mental health
Our model is research-based, and we are invested in staying on the leading edge of treatment. You'll help us break down barriers and stigmas associated with mental health.

Career options
Our ongoing strong growth and evolution, we are looking for people who want to do their best at work. Join our team and take your career to the next level with Catasys. We are committed to promoting from within.

Excellent compensation

Job Description

As a Data Analyst, you will drive innovation, growth, and contribute to the company’s ability to scale. Your work continually broadens access to reliable, accurate, and timely data to improve decision making. You will transform data into insights, leading to faster and more extensive exploratory analysis and quicker action based on evidence. Your insights will help grow the business by accelerating sales and customer expansion cycles, reinforcing Catasys’ position as an industry leader in data and analytics. You excel at synthesize and communicate complex concepts and analyses in easy to understand ways.

Responsibilities
Dive into data to predict and quantify user behavior: our members, Care Team, and network providers.
Find actionable strategic insights through funnels, cohort analyses, user segmentation, retention analyses and regression models to help us grow our products.
Data storytelling: quantify user journeys to help identify opportunities to improve member outcomes and team productivity.
Become a Catasys subject matter expert to understand and anticipate the data needs of customers, Product, User Experience, and internal stakeholders.
Translate high-priority business problems to solve into concise measures.
Lead the Analytics Center of Excellence: a cross-functional team of Data Champions within the organization.
Drive a culture of analytical rigor and transparency, and shared understanding of measures
Work both collaboratively and autonomously.
Define KPIs, build automated dashboards, reports, and models to help teams make faster better decisions.
Work with engineering and product to implement, quality assurance, and monitor our logging and metrics.
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, math, economics, statistics, or other quantitative fields
2+ years’ experience with PowerBI DAX Programming
Expertise performing quantitative analysis
Excellent communication and presentation skills: you understand your audience and how to effectively present information to diverse stakeholders
Strong understanding of statistical methods and applications (A/B testing, probability, regression)
Additional Information

This position is REMOTE.
