Endpoint
Real estate is the largest asset class in the world—and yet it has also been one of the slowest to adopt innovative, new technologies. It has become increasingly important for the industry to evolve alongside a consumer-base who are accustomed to mobile-first, on-demand, and personalized experiences in every area of their lives. Founded in 2018, Endpoint emerged from a collaboration between First American and BCG Digital Ventures, the venture capital arm of the Boston Consulting Group. The new company combines First American’s title and settlement expertise, with the innovative approach of an agile technology company, to provide a seamless real estate closing from start to finish. At Endpoint, we believe the combination of modern technology, a standardized and simplified closing process, and a highly dedicated team of people will completely change the industry – and deliver an experience that instills the joy of an effortless close for all.

Endpoint is looking for a Senior Data insights Analyst to join our growing team! This individual will have a strong quantitative bent, experience with the entire data process, and strong communication skills. This role partners with our sales, marketing, product, operations and engineering teams to extract meaningful insights from our data and inform business decisions that have a real impact on the lives of our users. You will play an integral part in bringing analytical rigor to our decision-making, and help build out our analytics ecosystem from data warehousing to data exploration and visualization tools.


As Senior Data Insights Analyst, you will use your skills to:

Develop the full life-cycle of data at Endpoint from data collection to processing to analytics
Collaborate across multiple teams to understand business needs, analyze complex data, and clearly communicate recommendations
Design metrics and reports that help our management and teams better understand the user journey, monitor business health, and access data insights
Build high-impact dashboards and analytical tools to increase visibility and enable stakeholders to self-serve effectively.
Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve data issues, working with the engineering team as needed
Generate forecasts, recommendations, and strategic/tactical plans to actionable items.


You’ll come to Endpoint with:

B.S. in economics, statistics, engineering, applied math, or a related quantitative field
You are constantly brainstorming ways to increase growth and drive the business
You possess a “can-do” attitude and are willing to go beyond the outlined project
5+ years experience in writing SQL statements
5+ years experience with BI tools (Tableau, Looker, Mode)
Experience with analytics packages and event tracking (Google Analytics, Mixpanel)
Experience with at least one analytics language (Python, R)
Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool (Segment, mParticle)
Familiarity with structured and unstructured data warehouses (Redshift, Dynamo)

Why work at Endpoint

You will have a lot of responsibility and many opportunities to advance your career
You will get first-hand experience of working for a well funded early stage startup
Your hard work, ownership, and self-sustainability will be greatly valued
We offer great benefits - Health, Dental and Vision, 401K match
Dog-friendly office, fully stocked snack bar and weekly catered lunches
Ability to mold your career and make an immediate direct impact.
Competitive compensation, including a Long Term Incentive Plan



Endpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law.
