Duties
Help Help
Duties
Summary
Click on "Learn more about this agency" button below for IMPORTANT additional information.

The primary purpose of this position is: To serve as a budget analyst who is fully responsible for the technical aspects of the 16 AF budget and management of resources of specific programs and appropriations.

The organizational location of this position is: 16 AF Directorate of Financial Management and Comptroller, Financial Plans and Programs
Learn more about this agency
Responsibilities
Responsible for a wide range of complex budget functions related to the formulation, analysis, programming, and execution of annual and multi-year budgets.
Performs budget formulation work involving review and preparation of budget estimates and financial plans.
Performs budget execution and administration work involving the monitoring of obligations incurred and the actual expenditures of funds for substantive programs or the most significant segments of substantive programs.
Leads and/or performs special economic analysis and impact studies to evaluate actual or potential effectiveness of current or projected budget programs.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
0560 Budget Analysis
Requirements
Help Help
Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship Required
All new DCIPS employees are required to complete a two-year DCIPS trial period.
Position is designated Special-sensitive and incumbent must be able to obtain and retain a TOP SECRET (TS) security clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI). A non-disclosure agreement must be signed.
PCS expenses will be paid IAW JTR and Air Force Regulations
Recruitment incentives may be authorized
This posn is subject to provisions of the DoD Priority Placement Program
Must be registered for Selective Service, see Legal and Regulatory Guide
This position has been designated by the Air Force as a Testing Designated Position (TDP) under the Air Force Civilian Testing Program. Employee must pass initial and periodic short notice drug testing.
Employee may be required to work other than normal duty hours, to include evenings, weekends and/or holidays
Shift work and emergency overtime may be required
Employee must maintain current certifications
Disclosure of Political Appointments
The employee may be required to travel in military and/or commercial aircraft to perform temporary duty assignments.
Qualifications
In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for specialized, General Schedule Positions, Administrative and Management Positions, Budget Analysis Series, 0560

This is a GG-12 position in the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). The GG-12 duties for the "Professional" work category are at the "Full Performance" work level and are equivalent to those at the GS-12 level. The selectee's salary will be set within the grade equivalent to a GS/GG grade based on the selectee's qualifications in relation to the job.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: Your resume must reflect the quality level of experience which demonstrates the possession of the knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies necessary for successful job performance required for this position. Examples of creditable experience include: Knowledge of wide range of federal budgetary regulations, policies, methods, practices, processes, and procedures to formulate, justify and execute the budget for assigned budget accounts, including knowledge of DoD Planning, Programming, Budget, and Executive System (PPBES) and skill in applying this knowledge to difficult and complex work assignments. A comprehensive knowledge of the missions, functions, goals, objectives, work processes and sources of funding of assigned budget activities in order to relate needs and accomplishments of the organization to anticipated and actual dollar figures in the budget. Note: Creditable experience may include previous military experience, experience gained in the private sector, or experience gained in another government agency.

OR

To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
1. Knowledge of detailed intensive budgetary methods, practices, procedures, regulations, policies, and processes to formulate, justify, and execute difficult and complex budget work assignments in support of the mission, structure, goals, and work processes for substantive programs of assigned activities/organizations
2. Knowledge of automated data processing software program(s) capabilities and usage to accomplish difficult or complex budget/funding tasks.
3. Knowledge of the analytical principle, practices, methods to evaluate program plans and funding which involves substantial resources and requires extensive changes in established concepts and procedures.
4 Knowledge of the DoD Planning, Programming and Budgeting system (PPBS) to effectively plan resource requirements for new systems and equipment acquisitions.
5. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to negotiate complex issues and maintain good working relationships essential to express the organization's budgetary position to a variety of audiences.
6. Ability to follow security practices for ensuring the safeguarding of classified information.

Other significant facts pertaining to this position are:

This is a Financial Management Level 2 Certified position IAW the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) 2012, Public Law 112-81, Subtitle F-Financial Management, Section 1599d. Incumbent shall comply with the requirements of this certification program.

PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience, transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
Additional information
Employed Annuitants (Reemployed Annuitants): Applicants in receipt of an annuity based on civilian employment in the Federal Service are subject to the DoD Policy on The Employment of Annuitants. Click here for more information.

120-Day Register: This announcement may result in a 120-day register that may be used to fill like vacancies for 120 days after the closing date. Applicants may be referred for consideration as vacancies occur.

Direct Deposit: All federal employees are required to have direct deposit.

If you have questions regarding this announcement and have hearing or speech difficulties click here.

Selectees who physically reside permanently in the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or Northern Mariana Islands, and the Possessions of the U.S., during the entire recruitment process (application, selection, and acceptance of a formal job offer) and selected for employment in the foreign area are eligible to receive certain foreign area benefits such as: Living Quarters Allowance (LQA) or government quarters, Post Allowance, Home Leave, etc. (subject to approval)

Selectees who physically reside outside the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or Northern Mariana Islands, and the Possessions of the U.S., during any step of the recruitment process (application, selection, and acceptance of a formal job offer) will have foreign area benefits eligibility be determined on a case by case basis.

Tax Law Impact for PCS: On 22-Dec-2017, Public Law 115-97 - the "Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 suspended qualified moving expense deductions along with the exclusion for employer reimbursements and payments of moving expenses effective 01-Jan-2018 for tax years 2018 through 2025. The law made taxable certain reimbursements and other payments, including driving mileage, airfare and lodging expenses, en-route travel to the new duty station, and temporary storage of those items. The Federal Travel Regulation Bulletin (FTR) 18-05 issued by General Services Administration (GSA) has authorized agencies to use the Withholding Tax Allowance and Relocation Income Tax Allowance to pay for "substantially all" of the increased tax liability resulting from the "2018 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act" for certain eligible individuals. For additional information on these allowances and eligibilities, visit: https://www.gsa.gov/cdnstatic/FTR%20Bulletin%2018_05%20Relocation%20Allowances_0.pdf
Read more
How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine your eligibility, qualifications, and quality ranking for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

Your responses to the questionnaire may be compared to the documents you submit. The documents you submit must support your responses to the online questionnaire. If your application contradicts or does not support your questionnaire responses, you will receive a rating of "not qualified" or "insufficient information" and you will not receive further consideration for this job.

Applicants who disqualify themselves will not be evaluated further.
Read more
Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Sensitive Compartmented Information
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
Required Documents
Help Help
Required Documents
The following documents are required and must be provided with your application. Applicants who do not submit required documentation to determine eligibility and qualifications will be eliminated from consideration. Other documents may be required based on the eligibility/eligibilities you are claiming. Click here to view the AF Civilian Employment Eligibility Guide and the required documents you must submit to substantiate the eligibilities you are claiming.
Online Application: Questionnaire
Resume: For qualification determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week (if part-time) and dates of employment (i.e., month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as insufficient and you will not receive consideration for this position. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade, i.e. GS-0301-09. Current Federal Civilian Employees should list any relevant performance related rating (given within the last three years) and/or incentive awards in your resume. Do NOT include photographs (or links to social media such as LinkedIn), inappropriate material, inappropriate content, nor personal information such as age, gender, religion, social security number, etc., on your resume.
Transcripts/Registration/License: If qualifying on education/position requires education, you must submit copies of your transcripts and if required for the position, submit an active, current registration/license.
Current or Former Federal Civilian Employees (includes current Air Force employees): You must submit a legible copy of a SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action. The SF-50, block 24 must contain "1" or "2" AND block 34 must be a "1". Employees eligible under an OPM approved interchange agreement, block 34 may contain a "1" or "2".
OCONUS - Current or Former Federal Civilian Employees (includes current Air Force employees): You must submit a legible copy of a SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action. The SF-50, block 24 must contain "1" or "2" and block 34 must be a"1". Employees eligible under an OPM approved interchange agreement, block 34 may contain a "1" or "2". NOTE: For OCONUS employees who claim eligibility MSP or Family Member Preference, your SF-50 may contain a "3" in block 24 and a "2" in block 34.


OPTIONAL DOCUMENTS:
Performance Appraisals for Current Federal Civilian Employees - Most recent performance appraisals (dated within last 3 years) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable.
Awards for Current Federal Civilian employees - List any awards received within the last 3 years on the resume.
Note: Applicant must not submit award SF50s-Notification of Personnel Actions (SF50s).
Benefits
Help Help
Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
How to Apply Help Help
How to Apply
The complete Application Package must be submitted by 11:59 PM (EST) on 07/15/2020

To preview the Application Questionnaire, please click the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/10860061

To begin the process, click the Apply Online button to create an account or log in to your existing USAJOBS account. Follow the prompts to complete the application questionnaire. Please ensure you click the Submit My Application button at the end of the process.

To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Your Resume (your latest resume will be used to determine your qualifications). If you submit more than one copy of your resume, only the most recent (latest) version will be reviewed. The latest timestamp will be used to determine which version of your resume is "most recent."
It is your responsibility to check the status and timestamp of all documents you submit as part of your application.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, you will not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualification determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week (if part-time) and dates of employment (i.e., hours per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as insufficient and you will not receive consideration for this position.
2. A complete Application Questionnaire

3. Additional Required Documents (see Required Documents section). Ensure all submitted documents contain your full name.

4.Return Rights:Per AFI 36-1101 - DCIPS employees have no statutory right of return to the previous position, unit, or geographic location.

If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application. The Vacancy ID is 10860061

PLEASE NOTE: It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered and/or uploaded, (i.e., resume) is received, accurate, and submitted by the closing date. You may verify your documents have been processed with your application package successfully. You can access your USAJOBS account to do so by clicking here. Uploaded documents may take up to one hour to clear the virus scan.

Human Resources WILL NOT modify or change any answers submitted by an applicant.
Read more
Agency contact information
Total Force Service Center Total Force Service Center
Phone
1-800-525-0102
Email
DO.NOT.EMAIL@CALL.ONLY
Address
DCIPS
550 C Street W
JBSA Randolph AFB, TX 78150
US
Learn more about this agency
Next steps
Once your application package is received an acknowledgement email will be sent.

If you provided an email address, you will receive an email message acknowledging receipt of your application.Your app
