Job Description
Thriving investment management firm is looking for a sharp Investment Reporting Analyst. The Analyst generates accurate investment reports for internal and external clients.

Primary Responsibilities
Runs and maintains existing Investment reports for both internal and external clients. Reviews all reports before distributing and follows key controls to ensure the reports are complete, accurate and generated in a timely manner.
Analyzes investment information in the reports that are being prepared. Researches and answers any questions that may arise from the customer of the reporting information.
Works directly with the internal stakeholders to define and complete new report requests. Follows through with stakeholders to ensure that their reporting needs were met.
Effectively collaborates with other team members in meeting the reporting deadlines on a daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly basis.
Effectively collaborates and works with others in the asset management organization to prepare the reporting materials, research and resolve issues that may be present in a timely fashion.
Will be involved in special projects as needed and will represent the reporting team's needs/requirements on projects the analyst is involved in.
Qualifications & Experience
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business or an equivalent combination of education and experience is required.
3 + years of experience as a BI Reporting Analyst, Business Analyst, Investment Analyst, and/or Data Analyst.
Ability to mine data across multiple sources and demonstrate an understand of data lineage across systems and sources.
Knowledge and interest in general markets, investment and portfolio management, fixed income asset classes, and/or investment operations processes.
Working knowledge of Data Base modeling techniques, Cube Reporting, and Data Warehouse/Data Mart.
Experience using some of the following tools: Tableau, SQL Server, Crystal Reports, 3rd Party Client Reporting Tools and/or Microsoft Office Products (specifically, expertise in using Excel and PowerPoint applications).
Knowledge of Princeton Financial Systems PAM application highly preferred
The person must have skills that allow for providing accurate and timely reporting information. This includes: being organized, following instructions well and consistently following key controls and checklists that are a part of the report generation process.
Attention to detail is a key attribute that is important for this role.
Confidence in ability to assess and respond quickly, and adapt to a fast-paced, evolving environment.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfortable independently interacting with all levels of staff.
