KORE1, a nationwide provider of staffing and recruiting solutions, has an immediate opening for a Sr. Business Data Analyst with our client in Santa Monica. This position will be remote until further notice. Primary Responsibilities: -Reporting & Analysis - Enable effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources, identifying key indicators and actionable insights, and effectively communicating the most important information to drive decisions. Design, develop, and evaluate recurring and ad hoc reporting / dashboards to drive and monitor the business and our products using best practices in data visualization and reporting tools, including Tableau, DataStudio, Power BI or similar. -Process Documentation - Work with various functions and end users to identify, document, and communicate standard business processes. -Project Management - Produce detailed business requirements, coordinate and manage user acceptance test plans, and participate in stakeholder management. -Problem Solving - Demonstrate good judgment in solving problems as well as identifying problems and possible mitigation plans in advance. Strong desire and ability to dive deep into a given problem statement. -Subject Matter Expert - Develop deep knowledge of related sub brands data architecture, system map and relation to product/feature use by customers. Act as a trusted adviser to internal stakeholders by sharing best practices and requirements for optimal use of these systems and data. Required Qualifications: -Bachelor’s degree -5+ years of relevant professional experience as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, or related role -Expert in SQL -Experience with data visualization and reporting tools like Tableau, DataStudio, PowerBI -Strong business analysis and functional experience, including requirements gathering, creating/deploying solutions to end users, writing user acceptance test scripts and facilitating UAT sessions -Proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously and work well in an ambiguous and dynamic environment. -Ability to use data to develop insights, recommendations, and business cases -Excellent written and oral communication skills, including translating findings into compelling recommendations, polished deliverables, and actionable solutions. -Ability to partner with and communicate across business functions, -Excellent problem-solving skills -Willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever is necessary Preferred Qualifications: -Proven ability to communicate with business and technical audiences at all levels, including demonstrated success influencing senior leaders and decision makers -Demonstrated ability to dive deep in understanding our business, projects, and opportunities to improve the outcomes of our largest strategic projects and programs -Experience with open source data scripting languages (Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab) -Experience with data mining and analytics techniques ABOUT KORE1 Specializing in creative and technical recruiting, KORE1 is committed to supporting top IT and Creative professionals in their career paths. We build deep relationships with leading companies, connecting them to exceptional talent every day. With extensive industry expertise and unmatched opportunities, our goal is to provide a unique experience for our contractors and consultants as they prepare for their next role. We are passionate about matching the right people with the right companies. Kore1 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Kore1 complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Kore1 expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.Improper interference with the ability of Kore1's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
