Posted: Jun 24, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200164872
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. You bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Apple is in search of an experienced Digital Media Data Analyst to join the Apple Services Digital Marketing team in Culver City, California to help improve our marketing strategies for Apple TV+. As a Media Analyst you will develop compelling and actionable insights through quantitative analysis, innovative thinking, and storytelling with data. You are interested in the future of Video and Streaming services. You want to work on determining what Streaming Video content launch benchmarks are, help find strategies hit them through marketing, and all the while help to optimize evergreen marketing initiatives.

You will work closely with the analytics, media activation, and campaign strategy teams to identify reporting needs, automate recurrent requests, interpret data trends, and propose changes to improve the quality and granularity of the information that is processed. You will provide ongoing measurement guidance to better communicate concise data insights, trends and measurement strategies to broad internal audiences from technical experts to traditional brand managers and internal stakeholders.
Key Qualifications
5+ years of experience in a Data Analyst role, with emphasis on digital paid media metrics
Ability to code in SQL, Python or R
Thorough understanding of digital media metrics, both from a brand and direct response perspective - digital subscription business experience is a plus
Strong understanding of Streaming Service User Acquisition
Strong understanding of Video Streaming Service competitive landscape
Strong working knowledge of digital advertising: executional workflow, measurement, research, optimization and testing methodologies
Functional, working knowledge of digital advertising platforms such as DCM/Sizmek and media network/DSP platforms (e.g. TTD, DBM, OATH, Adobe)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and keen ability to synthesize complex data points for audiences of varied digital media expertise
Proficiency in excel, keynote, and data visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau)
Description
You will be responsible for creating and delivering custom reporting for campaigns running through the internal media activation team, surfacing actionable insights to help inform optimization. You will also work closely with the analytics team and campaign strategy teams to ensure that all information shared in automated reporting visulization dashboards is accurate. In concert with the media activation team, you will help develop media testing and optimization plans, making measurement recommendations that correlate to campaign objectives. Beyond these ongoing responsibilities, you will also perform adhoc data analysis and maintain benchmarking media points across digital media channels.
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s degree - ideally in an analytical field such as Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Finance, Applied Sciences, etc.
