DISQO is a next-generation consumer insights platform. We provide the highest quality consumer data to the world's largest market research agencies, analytics companies, and brands. We operate one of the world's largest true consumer insights panels. This data helps our clients understand user behavior, build better experiences, and make better decisions. We utilize cutting-edge technology and innovative, out-of-the-box strategies to collect and analyze insights that help shape the products and services of tomorrow.

We are looking to add a world-class Senior Data Analyst to our team. The Senior Data Analyst will provide insights into how our Marketing Campaigns are performing, measure Marketing KPIs and suggest improvements/optimizations based on LTV Projections. As an Organization we thrive on OKRs and KPIs, we build processes and measure outcomes to create efficiencies in everything we do. This is the first Growth Marketing Data Analyst we are hiring in the Data Analytics team which is exciting as Analytics branches out to Marketing.

If you have worked in a startup as a Senior Data Analyst, tracked KPIs and provided insights and recommendations on campaigns we'd love to talk to you.

Check out the DISQO Developer Blog for the latest from our DISQOTECH team.

What you will do:
Collaborate with business, marketing, engineering and product teams to understand business needs to be able to analyze complex data and clearly communicate findings
Design metrics, reports and dashboards that help the product and marketing teams and all the stakeholders better understand the user journey, monitor business health, and access data insights
Provide timely, thorough reporting on new product features and releases
Develop requirements for data-related projects and work with the data team to see projects from start to finish
Utilize quantitative techniques to test hypotheses and analyze the impact of product updates
Create advanced SQL queries in MySQL, Postgres and Redshift
Contribute to the design of internal procedures and partner with engineering to improve data consistency, cleanliness, and ease of use
What you bring to the table:
Mastery of SQL knowledge with databases such as RedShift, PostgreSQL, and/or MySQL
5+ years of work experience in data analysis with SQL
Aptitude for working with a diverse set of stakeholders and managing competing priorities
Experience using statistical analysis and modeling techniques such as regression
Experience with BI tools such as Tableau
Experience in product analytics
Experience measuring A/B tests
Knowledge of Jupyter notebooks a plus
Knowledge of Spark SQL is a plus
Knowledge of Python is a plus
Benefits & Perks:
100% covered Medical/Dental/Vision for employee
Equity
Unlimited Vacation
Flexible work hours
Catered lunches 3x a week
Stocked pantry
Happy Hours
Onsite Fitness Program
Discounted Gym Membership
Quarterly Offsites
401K
Life Insurance
FSA
Paid Maternity/Paternity leave
Employee Assistance Program
Travel Assistance Program
DISQO is an equal opportunity employer

*Recruiting firms that submit resumes to DISQO without first entering into a written contract will not be entitled to any compensation on candidates referred by that firm.

DISQO Developer
