Please note that this is a 1 year contract position. JOB SUMMARY Finance Transformation and Reinsurance Programs. This position will support operations by monitoring and analyzing master data, key data, and master relationship data within the organization. Ensures master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the processes to support the data quality. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES bull Follow policies and procedures related to quality and master data management to ensure conformance to all requirements. bull Provide Master Data Steward Analyst Services in SAP, along with data quality remediation. bull Responsible for the accuracy of system master data through process evaluation and conducting regular audits. bull Maintains master data operations (SOPs SLAs) by following policies and procedures and reporting needed changes. bull Maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. bull Master Data Domain experience in one or more of the following data domains (e.g., Vendor, Chart of Accounts, Ledger, Business Partners) bull Consulting skills paired with strong technical skills, to convey the value of Master data solutions to the business (proscons, challenges, requirements needed, etc.) bull Understanding or hands-on experience with master data quality, data profiling, and metadata management. bull Understanding of data structure classifications and workflow and processes JOB REQUIREMENTS bull 3+ years of experience in master data stewardship, data quality analyst, or similar role bull Experience in using the SAP Master Data Governance (MDG) tool with SAP FICO, SAP S4 HANA, SAP Business Warehouse bull Experience in Accounting and Finance is required bull SAP FICO Functional knowledge highly preferred bull Insurance and Reinsurance domain experience is a plus bull Experience profiling master data to assess current state against business needs and identifying criteria to evaluate exceptions bull Profound knowledge of master data management concepts and methodologies Applicants must provide their phone number. Reference job number A302.
