About Us

KIPP SoCal Public Schools (KIPP SoCal) is a nonprofit organization that operates tuition-free, open-enrollment, public charter schools focused on preparing students in systemically under-resourced communities in Southern California for choice filled lives. In July 2019, KIPP LA Public Schools and KIPP San Diego Public Schools united to become KIPP SoCal Public Schools to better meet the needs of our students. We currently operate 19 schools, educate approximately 8,200 students and support an additional 4,300 alumni who are attending high school and college.
The Opportunity
Reporting to the Associate Director of Data & Student Information, the Student Data Compliance Analyst is responsible for the accuracy of student information data for KIPP SoCal Public Schools and will complete all student information reporting projects to ensure we are in compliance. The Student Data Compliance Analyst will approach his/her work with efficiency and scale in mind by working to automate all student information data integrity and reporting efforts using SQL, Tableau, and other programs. Additionally, the Student Data Compliance Analyst serves as a key member of several cross-functional teams within the organization and external partners. For the right candidate, this role may offer mobility and growth opportunities within the Data Team.
Annual Reporting
Automate State reporting (CALPADS Fall 1, Fall 2, EOY) and complete submissions throughout the school year. Maintain documentation of reporting processes and code requirements:
Student demographic, enrollment, program, language, course, behavior, and attendance data.
Staff demographic and course data.
Complete annual district, county, and state reports, including PENSEC, CBEDS, 20 Day ADA, LACOE Homeless Student Surveys.
Complete bi-annual Civil Rights Data Collection (CRDC) Reports.
Complete all other student information-specific data requests and reporting requirements for KIPP SoCal (internal stakeholders, grant reports, research requests, etc.), and automate when possible.
Lead annual reporting projects with cross-functional team input and collaboration.
Ongoing Reporting
Automate and complete monthly attendance and enrollment reports for all schools and submit to appropriate authorizers.
Complete P1, P2, P3 ADA reports and submit to appropriate authorizers.
Reconcile monthly suspension reports to ensure data accuracy.
Complete various student information reporting projects as requested by KIPP SoCal charter authorizers.
Data Management & Integrity
Ensure the accuracy of student information data throughout the year.
Student demographic, enrollment, program, language, course, behavior, and attendance data.
Project manage compliance deadlines and work with the Student Information Team to ensure Registrars complete data management tasks on time.
Maintain and revise audit processes as needed to ensure 100% accuracy of student data, including overseeing audits completed by other team members.
Create, maintain, organize and share user guides and resources on maintaining student data processes and procedures.
Serve as the point person for KIPP Foundation in their collection and maintenance of student data.
Serve as the point person for LAUSD’s MiSIS data reconciliation process.
Other Functions
Serve as Data Team representative. on the Homeless & Foster Youth Support Team.
Work closely with the Regional Operations Team on a variety of projects (i.e. CALPADS imports for meal information, new student enrollment, etc.)
Work closely with the Regional Special Education Team and external Special Education Service Providers (SELPA, El Dorado) on ensuring our student special education programs and services are reported accurately and in a timely manner to the state.
Work closely with the Regional Talent and HR Teams to ensure the accuracy of staff data for annual state reporting projects
Work closely with the Regional Public Programs & Authorizer Relations Team on a variety of projects (i.e. monthly student information files, school enrollment forms, etc.).
Serve as point of contact for local authorizing agencies (e.g. LAUSD, SDUSD, CUSD) for the submission and hand delivery of student information files upon request, and for ensuring student records are in agreement with other LEAs.
The Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited 4-year university
Experience with Business Intelligence tools is a plus (Tableau, Qlikview, Microstrategy, etc.)
Scripting experience is a plus, but willingness to learn required (SQL, R, Python, JavaScript, HTML, etc.)
Experience leveraging software to create and maintain project plans
Experience with Student Information Systems
Strong attention to detail and impeccable organizational skills
Independent and resourceful learner with an aptitude for technical skill development
Expertise with Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel, and proficiency with Google Office Suite
Experience with entry, collection, and management of large data sets
Experience managing large projects with multiple stakeholder involvement
Ability to forge and maintain strong relationships with regional team members, school staff, and external stakeholders
Ability to easily adapt to changing requirements and new information
Ability to quickly learn how to use a variety of software programs to complete tasks
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Reliable, dependable, and consistently responds to requests promptly
The Perks
Very competitive compensation package inclusive of a generous benefits package
100% of healthcare premium costs covered by employer, dependents added at 50% of cost
Employer-paid KIPP SoCal life insurance
401(k) plan with up to 6% match by KIPP SoCal
Voluntary Benefits (Pet Insurance, Supplemental Life, Accident, Short Term Disability, etc.)
Generous time off program includes 22 holidays, sick leave and vacation
Other great benefits (Flexible spending account, EAP, tuition reimbursement for dependents, etc.)
KIPP SoCal Public Schools is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation/gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

KIPP SoCal strives to ensure that our careers website is accessible to all, including individuals with disabilities. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, please contact us. You can find our contact information on our website, http://www.kippsocal.org/. Information will be sent to a talent acquisition representative who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the hiring process.
