:

We need a R&D Materials Scientist to lead the development of a comprehensive understanding of the transport and trapping of hydrogen isotopes including tritium in materials in and out of radiation environments. We work to understand the thermodynamics and kinetics of these gas/material interactions and how temperature and radiation might influence transport\!

On any given day, you may be called on to:
Design and execute laboratory experiments to probe hydrogen/deuterium transport in different materials
Design and plan capsule experiments to study deuterium transport in research reactors
Characterize material properties and microstructure to understand how they influence diffusivity and trapping of hydrogen isotopes and compatibility of metal alloys in chemical environments
Provide experimental data to inform the development of hydrogen transport models at various length scales
Communicate your findings to colleagues, customers and the larger scientific community through presentations, technical reports and articles suitable for publication in high-impact journals
Required:
PhD in metallurgy, materials science, physics, nuclear engineering or a closely related field
Laboratory experience characterizing the transport or trapping of hydrogen isotopes in materials
A record of first-author or co-authored scientific publications in the above areas within peer-reviewed journals and presentations at scientific conferences
Ability to obtain and maintain a Department of Energy Q-level security clearance
Desired:
5\+ years research experience post-graduate
Laboratory experience characterizing the kinetics of hydrogen isotopes in materials using techniques such as thermal desorption spectroscopy (TDS), permeation studies, optical and electron microscopy/spectroscopy, etc.
Experience with instrument design for materials characterization, including safety planning
Experience with hydrogen isotope experiments in research energy reactors
Deep understanding of physical and mechanical metallurgy
Department Description:

We are the Hydrogen and Materials Science team\! We provide expertise to both Sandia and the Nation on the interaction of hydrogen (and its isotopes) with all types of materials. We perform scientific and engineering research to develop fundamental understanding on the aging of materials in gaseous environments, including hydrogen, and applies this understanding to determine its effects on the performance and reliability of materials relevant to Sandias nuclear weapons and energy missions. Our work covers a broad range of areas, including analyzing hydrogens long-term impact on materials and maintaining and enhancing nationally recognized core and enabling capabilities in hydrogen isotope science.

About Sandia:

Sandia National Laboratories is the nations premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
Challenging work withamazingimpact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
Extraordinary co-workers
Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
Flexible schedules, generous vacations,strongmedical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance\
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers._ Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov

*These benefits vary by job classification.

Security Clearance:

Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.

Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.

EEO Statement:

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
