Shapestone, Inc. offers talent acquisition to our USA clients, one of whom is looking to fill the following position.

Sr. Data Analyst

Burbank, CA

Full Time Employment

Summary:

As Sr. Data Analyst, you will work with the Data & Analytics team in engaging various business teams to define business questions, prepare and model data, and perform analyses with the purpose of understanding or drawing conclusions from the data. In this role you will work with Analytics and other engineering teams to build, deploy and administer self-service analytics across business units. You will utilize the available diverse analytics tools, to turn data into actionable insights with the goal of creating a data-driven culture across the organization.

This position will report directly to the Director - Data Engineering & Analytics.

Responsibilities:
Engage with business teams to define business questions, prepare and model data, and perform analyses with the purpose of understanding or drawing conclusions from the data.
Work with the Analytics Team to build, deploy and administer self-service analytics across business units.
Utilize the existing diverse analytics tools to turn data into actionable insights with the goal of creating a data-driven culture across the organization.
Work with Analytics Team to deliver on key analytics projects. This will include data provisioning, exploratory data analysis, data visualization and in some instances, machine learning and statistical modeling.
Work with the Analytics team to implement organization KPI’s while adhering to the organization’s analytics process – from business understanding, data understanding, data preparation, data modeling, evaluation, and deployment; lead by example and by training business stakeholders with varying technical and non-technical backgrounds.
Design, enable and maintain trustee reporting, executive scorecards and cross-functional tactical reports on the Plans enterprise analytics platform.
Drive the adoption self-service analytics through the analytics platform for operational reporting across multiple departments including Finance Accounting, Participant Services, Eligibility, Claims and Pension departments.
Become front-line support the analytics platform and to handle related questions, issues and requests.
Continuously advance your skills and those of the Analytics Team through discussions, work assignments, training and mentoring.
Focus on the continued growth of the Analytics Team by helping with hiring, on-boarding and training.
Build training and learning programs to help with the continued education of members of the Analytics Team.
Help with selection of tooling and improvements to development processes.
Continue to focus on technical projects involving analysis, reporting and Machine Learning (ML) pipelines.
What we're looking for:
6+ years of industry experience in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or another relevant technical field.
5+ years in a quantitative data analytics role with emphasis on data preparation and analysis.
2+ years of experience managing Data projects and teams of 4 or more persons.
Passion to mentor and manage data team members in their continued education and growth.
Solid engineering skills to build scalable solutions and help automate data processing challenges.
Expert knowledge of probability and statistics (e.g., experimental design, optimization, predictive modeling).
Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to connect data analytics work to product impacts.
Strong ability to blend and wrangle data, create logical data models to be used as a basis for analysis.
Proficiency in using enterprise analytics platforms, data visualization tools – ThoughtSpot, Tableau, Alteryx, Business Intelligence solutions or equivalent.
Familiarity with JIRA, Asana and/or other project management tools
Knowledge of relational DBMS, specifically Oracle, and ability to script and execute SQL queries.
Understanding of the principles and tools of statistical analysis and machine learning is a plus.
Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $120,000.00 per year

COVID-19 considerations:
Based on the current COVID-19 pandemic and California’s Shelter in Place (SiP) orders, work will commence onboarding and work remotely. Onsite work will commence after the lifting of the SiP orders and instructions from the client.

Experience:
SQL Scripting: 3 years (Required)
ThoughtSpot: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Required)
Data Modeling: 2 years (Required)
Data Analysis: 6 years (Required)
Team Management: 2 years (Preferred)
Oracle DB: 2 years (Required)
Alteryx: 2 years (Preferred)
ETL (Extract Transform Load): 2 years (Preferred)
Tableau: 3 years (Required)
Agile Methodology: 2 years (Required)
Jira: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Burbank, CA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
http://shapestone.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
