Sr. Data Analyst — US Safety
Los AngelesOperations - Product opsExperienced
Responsibilities
About the Team:
As a Senior Data Analyst on TikTok's US Safety team, you will be instrumental in ensuring that TikTok remains a safe, trustworthy, and risk-free environment. By implementing your domain knowledge, you will help diagnose, triage, and treat large-scale safety issues. You will scope out projects, use ground-truth data to inform strategies, and, most importantly, use data and insights to form best-in-class heuristics to proactively detect and disarm safety incidents. As a member of this team, you will be working on US TikTok's top priority (user safety) with a variety of stakeholders across product, operations, policy, and engineering -- both locally and globally. This position will be full-time and will be based in our Los Angeles, CA location.

Main Responsibilities:
Use data to identify and forecast trends, conduct deep-dive quantitative analysis to identify root causes of safety incidents, understand user behavior, and determine objectives with achievable key results for the US Safety team to aspire to
Inform best practices for how quantitative analyses should be run, including aspects such as processing, cleaning, and ensuring ground-truth integrity
Experience in a variety of skills to draw insights from data, including but not limited to data mining, model development, statistical and regression techniques. You understand when to use these various methodologies based on the scope, size, and nuances of the problem
Collaborate with data teams across the globe to form best practices regarding data modeling and visualization; support these teams in the development of automated detection systems utilized to detect and, if possible, prevent safety incidents
Explore various data sources across TikTok to help identify new signals, trends, and tactics that are associated with abusive or unwanted behavior
Qualifications
Qualifications:
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field
4+ years of experience in data science or doing quantitative analysis
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB) and database languages (e.g., SQL)
Experience with a data visualization tool (e.g. Mode Analytics/Chartio/Tableau)
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with advanced data modeling and predictive analytics
Experience working with international partners at different time zones
Desire to travel between various sites (Palo Alto, China, Southeast Asia) to manage projects and collaborate with stakeholders
Our mission:
Our mission is to capture and present the world's creativity, knowledge, and precious life moments, directly from the mobile phone. TikTok enables everyone to be a creator, and encourages users to share their passion and creative expression through their videos.
Apply
Share to
