GoHealth is looking for a Data Analyst to join its Operational Analytics team. You will be responsible for using a combination of business intuition and analytics to provide executive leadership with actionable insights to drive strategic decision-making and maximize company-wide value. You will be responding to the live needs of the business, and helping to solve problems and answer questions as they arise. Due to the dynamic nature of the Operational Analytics team, and this role in particular, we seek entrepreneurial candidates with the ability to derive analytical insights from a variety of business contexts.

Due to the unprecedented situation of COVID-19, GoHealth has decided to protect our current and future employees by managing our business remotely. This is inclusive of interviewing, onboarding and each role day-to-day. Please consider that our roles will not be remote long-term and will return to an office setting once we're safe to do so following the guidance of local health authorities' and the CDC.

Responsibilities:
Understand GoHealth's business processes, including the role each business unit plays in supporting the company's ultimate objectives
Collaborate with leaders to understand key value drivers and challenges within their business unites and determine the key metrics and insights that can help improve performance as a result.
Provide new and creative insights to business leaders through a combination of descriptive and diagnostic analytics
Test hypotheses across functions using measurable, statistically-significant methods to evaluate best performing strategies
Build interactive dashboards and reports that provide insights that can be easily interpreted and applied by business leaders to help improve their performance
Collect, analyze, and evaluate data to track project performance and important developments
Synthesize raw data into digestible and actionable information
Continually think of new ways that data-based insights can help support GoHealth
Skills & Experience:
BS or BA degree in business, economics, finance, accounting, marketing analytics, MIS, computer science, engineering, or equivalent work experience.
0-2 years of related experience in an internship or full-time role guiding strategic decision-making using data and analytics.
Ability to take insights and turn them into actionable steps that can drive business value.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel.
Track record of effective verbal and written communication of complex concepts to colleagues with varying degrees of analytical knowledge and understanding.
Desire to improve and expand analytical and data visualization skills.
SQL, Python, and/or Tableau skills are preferred.
Benefits & Perks:
Open vacation policy
401k program with company match
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance benefits
Flexible spending accounts
Commuter and transit benefits
Professional growth opportunities
Casual dress code
Generous employee referral bonuses
Happy hours, ping-pong tournaments, and more company-sponsored events
Subsidized gym memberships
GoHealth is an Equal Opportunity Employer
*LI-JC1
