Data Transformation Analyst
Work Location


National

Job Code

2205

Apply Now

Data Transformation Analyst

Job Location: Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Indianapolis, Louisville, Miami, Seattle, St. Louis

Join our team

Centric Consulting is not the typical consulting company. We live our core values and bring them with us in all we do for our clients and community. Our core purpose is simple: every day we strive to provide unmatched customer and employee experiences and foster a culture of respect, diversity, and transparency. It’s this culture, our people, and delivery that come together to make Centric a trusted advisor to local businesses.

Our Data & Analytics practice believes that data can drive business value and performance. But it takes the right people, skills and approach to deliver expected results. That’s where you come in! For us, Data and Analytics is more than just a set of technologies. It’s about skilled individuals who can align technical capabilities to bring value to a business. What we value the most: people who are dedicated to delivering high quality solutions. It's not enough for things to look good on the surface. They must be built on strong technical foundations. We’re looking for ­­­­­­­­­­­­­a Data Transformation Analyst to join our growing team.

Summary:

The Data Transformation Analyst is responsible for developing data models and then specifying how raw source data is transformed into those models. The responsibility for data accuracy rests on your shoulders. You will partner with a Business Analytics Designer to ensure a high-quality data warehouse and visualization solutions.

In this role, you will:
Review existing business requirements: UML information models, business and metric definitions, analytics use cases and visualization specs
Design data models to meet business requirements
Maintain data models in a data-modeling tool (e.g. Enterprise Architect, Erwin, etc.)
Physically implement data models in a database and then manage in source control
Analyze source data
Interact with business stakeholders to determine how to handle data quality and data governance concerns.
Develop and document SQL queries to extract data from the source system in a fully transformed state.
Communicate SQL specifications to ETL developers
Conduct code reviews and data reviews to ensure the transformations where implemented per your specification.
Participate in data validation and testing
A successful candidate will have the following characteristics:
Mandatory skills – these will be assessed
o Very strong SQL skills

o Forensic data analysis skills

o Experience writing sophisticated data transformations
Data steward or other data governance responsibilities
Strong written and verbal communication
Target Experience: 5+ years’ experience around the skills above
What makes Centric different?
Special Culture – Our people make us different. We have highly talented, intelligent individuals across a broad variety of disciplines – who are eager to learn from you and share their own expertise. We embrace fresh perspectives and each other. Don’t take our word for it – check us out on Glassdoor, Facebook, Twitter or Instagram to get a glimpse inside what makes us different.
Growth opportunities – As a mid-size firm, there is more flexibility when it comes to career paths. Figure out what you want to do and we'll help you figure out how to get there.
Impact – We think of ourselves as a big company with a small company feel – a local player with global reach that combines business, technology and industry expertise.
Unmatched Experiences – We are allowed to be ourselves here. We are encouraged to be human. It’s at the root of who we are as a firm and why we’re here.
Innovation – We value passion, determination, perseverance, and innovation. We are inspired because we believe in what we are doing and where we are going.
Passion for the greater good – We are steadfast in our devotion to the communities we serve and in actively promoting employee involvement in community improvement projects.
Centric believes the best solutions come from diverse teams. We strive to have an environment where everyone has an opportunity to be successful regardless of their race, color, religion, gender, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity.
