Job Description
Company Description

Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch!

Job Description

The Associate Marketing Data Analyst will support price setup and maintenance activities to competitively achieve margin targets. This role also works with the catalog team to understand customer data requirements and deliver product information (PIES) and application data (ACES).

Key Responsibilities:
Perform timely and accurate price setup and maintenance, including annual price rounds.
Monitor department inbox for price or data inquiries. Research and respond.
Assist with catalog data delivery and perform quality checks with data receivers.
Regularly measure data receiver satisfaction to identify improvement opportunities.
Participate in team meetings and knowledge sessions to exchange ideas that advance the department, such as data automation or implementation of new processes and tools.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, or Marketing required; MBA strongly preferred.
0-2 years of experience in marketing or sales.
Experience from manufacturing or consumer goods industry strongly preferred.
Excellent analytical skills and ability come up with new and creative solutions.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Advanced MS Excel experience; must be proficient with other MS Office tools. SAP preferred
This position is for U.S. work authorized individuals only. Sponsorship for work authorization is not available.
Additional Information

It is the policy of Bosch to provide Equal Employment Opportunities to all individuals based on merit, qualifications and abilities. Bosch does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, gender (including pregnancy), national origin, age or any other characteristics as protected by law.
