Job Description
Junior Data Analyst: Chicago, IL

Circle Logistics is looking for college graduates in analytical or insight-focused fields to join our business analytics team and employ their skills on a wide range of projects. The analyst will be responsible for gathering and interpreting data to develop operational tools and reports for both internal management and clients. Additional responsibilities include maintaining a strong grasp and current market knowledge of shipping lanes, geography, and seasonality. Maintain, organize, and communicate as a project leader to ensure customer expectations, requirements, and timelines are met.

Prior to being placed on the team, you will be involved in an extensive, full-time, hands-on training program that will introduce you to the logistics industry and our operations here at Circle.

What will you do?
Serve as the point of contact for data-related requests and activities.
Design and present a variety of transportation and logistics-related data analyses for clients and internal teams.
Work with external clients and internal co-workers to support and improve existing applications and process
Measure and analyze carrier lane history and performance.
Develop and assess metrics associated with load planning effectiveness.
Develop and assess account quality metrics - measurement and trending insights.
Monthly carrier scorecard reporting analysis.
Identify and analyze weekly carrier performance and trends.
Assist with establishing prices for contracted customers.
Provide timely and accurate submission of bids, RFP’s, and projects
Track, oversee, and own responsibility for all DEALS in Hubspot throughout the entire Deal’s lifecycle
Provide analytical feedback with executives and stakeholders to help define and document business needs and solutions.
What are we looking for?
College degree in Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, MIS, Economics, or similar.
Extensive Knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Access.
Excellent quantitative, analytical, and reasoning skills.
Well-developed written & oral communication and presentation skills.
Ability to identify processes, functions, and procedures requiring improvement, then develop and execute appropriate solutions.
Strong work ethic with the capability to work independently as well as on a team.
What's in it for you?
Part of a new, young, and growing team where your ideas will make a difference.
Creative autonomy; the ability to start your own projects that add value.
Benefits - Health, Dental, Vision, and 401K
Competitive salary bonuses.
On-site training and career development.
Room for advancement in a fast-growing company that promotes from within.
Casual dress code and Free Parking downtown!!
