Job Description
Data Analytics

Join our team because… We’re DIFFERENT. At Roig Lawyers, our PEOPLE come FIRST. Not to mention, our Telecommuting Game is STRONG.

We’ve always been one step ahead in technology. Not only with resources for our clients, but for our employees too. During these unprecedented times, we are able to seamlessly adapt, due to our commitment to technology and remote capabilities, without interruption to our business. Join a firm that is fully operational and looking to grow in this evolving landscape.

Large minority owned law firm specializing in Insurance Defense is seeking a Data Analyst. This is a full time, 37.5 hours per week, remote position. Candidates must have internet capabilities that meet our standards.

We are looking for candidates that have 2+ years’ experience in data analytics. This is a full time opportunity for the summer and could potentially be extended after.

Duties/Responsibilities:

The Data Analyst will interpret data and turn it into information which can offer ways to improve our firm; thus affecting business decisions. The Data Analyst will also make recommendations about the methods and ways in which our firm obtains and analyses data to improve quality and the efficiency of data systems. This position will report to the Managing Partner and work closely with the Director of Operations and IT. Responsibilities include, but not be limited to:
Collecting and interpreting data
Analyzing results
Reporting the results back to the relevant members of the business
Identifying patterns and trends in data sets
Working alongside teams within the business or the management team to establish business needs
Defining new data collection and analysis processes
Data Analyst job qualifications and requirements

A degree in the following subjects is beneficial in developing a career in data analysis:
Mathematics
Computer Science
Statistics
Economics
There are also a number of qualities to expect from a candidate to flourish in a Data Analyst role:
Experience in data models and reporting packages
Ability to analyse large datasets
Ability to write comprehensive reports
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Candidates will enjoy a nontraditional, casual work environment with an optimal work life balance. We offer excellent benefits, competitive salaries along with generous signing bonuses. Interested candidates with the above described skills are encouraged to submit their resumes in confidence.
