Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant


What will your day look like?

You will be responsible for performing and maintaining in-house fair lending statistical analytical programs for identifying fair lending risks using strong econometrics and programming skills plus regression analysis and statistical techniques for disparate impact testing for our credit card, mortgage, consumer lending, and home equity loan businesses. The incumbent is responsible for designing the testing components and flow, data preparation, fair lending model development, documentation, and refinement. The Fair Lending Data Analyst will evaluate exiting Fair Lending testing methodologies to ensure validity, efficiency, and accuracy and build new experimental designs/proof of concepts to evaluate new statistical methods that can be applicable in enhancing and solidify the current testing framework.

The incumbent will partner with the Fair Lending Manger.

Responsibilities


Do you see yourself doing this?
Perform statistical analysis to determine risk associated with underwriting, pricing, and servicing.
Develop and implement in-house processes for data mining, data assessment, validation, analysis, and correction to determine any limitations on reliability or usability of the data for conducting the analysis and testing.
Review business models for fair lending compliance, including both traditional and machine learning / artificial intelligence models (ML/AI).
Perform research and development relating to fair lending risk monitoring and fair lending model review.
Prepare report of analysis; present statistical results in non-technical terms.
Create model documentation; ensure adequacy of statistical models.
Review fair lending data analyses, compliance reports, and complaints.
Adhere to enterprise responsibilities and Business Intelligence standards and support the Enterprise Business Intelligence Community.
Qualifications


What makes you a great fit?

You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Statistics, Economics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science), required, and you have:
2+ years’ experience in designing and conducting fair lending statistical analysis for a bank, a consumer financial product company such as a non-depository mortgage lender, a banking regulator (e.g., OCC, CFPB) or other related government regulatory or enforcement agencies is a plus
Knowledge of how consumer financial products such as mortgage and credit card are underwritten and priced preferred
Experience in developing, implementing and evaluating linear/logistic regression models
Experience with Tableau preferred
Excellent communication skills, verbal and written; ability to communicate technical matters in a non-technical way
Experience with MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Strong proficiency in time management and organizational sills
High level of detail orientation


When you’re happy, we’re happy!

As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from:

Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits
Competitive compensation plan
Contributions towards gym memberships
Generous PTO and banking holidays off
Still not convinced?

We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.
