Invenergy drives innovation in energy. Powered by decades of entrepreneurial experience and unparalleled execution, we solve the energy challenges facing our customers and communities. We provide power generation and storage solutions at scale around the world to create a cleaner energy future. We develop. We build. We own. We operate. We are Invenergy.

Job Description

Invenergy believes inclusion drives innovation

Diverse teams are better teams. The perspectives and experiences that people from different backgrounds bring to an organization drive better decisions and improved business results. Invenergy employees are inclusive and welcoming of all colleagues of all backgrounds, genders, races, sexual orientations, religions and abilities.

Position Overview

The Data Analyst, Operations Engineering provides technical support to a large operating fleet of renewable energy projects by transforming data into actionable insights & business intelligence, optimizing fleet performance and guiding data-driven decisions.

Responsibilities
Detect and diagnose performance issues in a large fleet of wind, solar, and energy storage facilities
Develop predictive models to detect major equipment problems, preventing down time
Evaluate the effect of software changes and parameter modifications on equipment performance
Calculate key operating metrics and statistics to measure asset performance
Contribute to internal, commercial, and regulatory reporting requirements
Collaborate with operations stakeholders to perform investigative analysis
Develop architecture & maintain databases of critical wind and solar equipment information
Required Skills
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science, or related discipline
One to three years of work experience
Moderate programming/coding experience. Python and R preferred
Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office products
Strong initiative, collaborative, prioritization, and time management skills
Critical thinking skills with the ability to identify and solve complex problems
Preferred Skills
Advanced technical degree
Experience with SQL and database architecture
Experience with OSIsoft PI products
Experience with renewable energy technology, especially wind, solar, and storage
Familiarity with data visualization / business intelligence tools
