Opportunity Description


About EMPIRE TODAY®

Empire Today has been a leading provider of installed home improvements for 60 years. Empire offers the largest in-stock selection of flooring in the United States. Convenience, quality, and selection make Empire stand out. With Empire Today, homeowners and business customers can get quality Carpet, Hardwood, Laminate, Tile, Vinyl Flooring, and Window Treatments from top brands they know and trust. And because Empire warehouses thousands of products, customers can get the right product, professionally installed when they need it, as soon as the next day.

Empire was founded in 1959 and provides service to more than 70 metropolitan areas in the United States. With more than three million satisfied customers, Empire Today is dedicated to its mission of Making Beautiful New Floors Easy.

Business Area:

Empire Today’s Data Visualization Team provides analytical support and reporting to the business leaders of the Company. This includes Marketing, Sales, Operations, Demand Planning, and C-Suite Executives. This function is vital to the overall direction and continued success of Empire Today.

Responsibilities:
Building dashboards in Tableau to provide insights
Developing interactive visualizations utilizing various reporting components from multiple data sources
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data
Convert analyses into actionable recommendations to drive decisions
Comfortable working with business leaders to improve performance based on financial and operational analysis
Understand the levers of profitability, focusing on metrics that align with profitability goals
Improve, maintain, and utilize Marketing, Sales, and Operations KPIs to drive Company growth
Build solutions that satisfy business partner’s needs
Structure projects to have a defined deliverable and definition of success
Communicate analysis results and recommendations in a manner that enables the business sponsor to understand and act on the information
Assist in the annual planning process
Provide adhoc analysis as requested by senior management
Ensure compliance to Empire financial policies and procedures
Qualifications:

The successful candidate will possess:
Bachelor’s Degree in Quantitative Field or Computer Science
1+ year of experience working with Tableau (LODs, Parameters, Filters, Groups, Sets, etc.)
Ability to write basic SQL queries
Familiarity with statistical coding languages such as python or R (preferred)
Knowledge of visualization best practices
Familiarity with Agile development processes (scrum) and technologies (Jira)
Experience with collaborative tools like Microsoft Teams and Slack
Demonstrated success translating complex business questions into accessible reports and visualizations
Comfortable interacting, presenting, and making recommendations to Senior Leadership
Ability to develop strong relationships at all levels within the Company
Enjoy breaking down complex problems to identify primary drivers
Team player
Highly detail oriented
Benefits

Employees are eligible for numerous benefits including:
Quick enrollment into our benefit plans. Eligibility is first of the month following just two weeks of employment.
401K Investment Plan
Medical Insurance with several plan options and a Health Savings Account to meet you and your family’s health needs.
Prescription Drug Coverage
Dental Insurance – Twice a year visits at no cost.
Vision Insurance with materials coverage
Flexible Spending Accounts for Medical & Dependent Care
Wellness Program – A best in class program offering substantial awards payable right on your paycheck
Basic Life Insurance and AD&D
Short Term Disability Coverage
Long Term Disability Coverage
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Holidays including Floating Holidays
Paid Time Off (PTO) that grows with years of service
Empire Perks – An employee discount purchasing program offering you great savings on the things you want.
The company conducts a background check and drug screen for all new hires.

Empire Today is an equal opportunity employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills.

By Submitting your resume and application information, you authorize Empire Today to transmit and store your information in the Empire Today group companies’ world-wide recruitment database, and to circulate that information as necessary for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for this or other job vacancies.

#CB

#ZIP

IND1

#LI-TL1
