Job Description
Position Summary

Data Analyst / Programmer works with project managers to produce variable data print production using various scripting and programming languages to successfully execute customer-required deliverables.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Work with customer supplied data
Produce Variable Data Production files for Client Products
Presort client data per USPS requirements using presort software.
Understand USPS requirements for mail automation.
Modify database including creating tables, finding the proper indexes and primary keys based on their entities and relations (normalization)
Participate in the testing of programs and systems to ensure proper functionality
Pulling and updating data using Access, Excel and SQL
Required to work in a team environment and help verify teammates work.

Skills & Knowledge:
Computer Science or equivalent degree required
Proficiency in MS Office, emphasis on MS Excel a must
MS SQL and Access experience a plus
Knowledge of UPS and FedEx systems a plus
Become familiar with basic creative design and layout as it relates to project and processes
Ability to take initiative and need little supervision
Ability to be proactive in anticipating and communicating project issues with internal departments
Ensure tasks are completed on time
Must pay high attention to details and maintain accuracy and quality
Adapt to a fast paced changing environment.
C# .Net programming skills a plus

Company Description
Over the past 30 years, ABS has grown to over 150 highly-valued employees and now operates out of an 130,000 sq. ft. building in the western suburbs of Chicago. Today, ABS is at the forefront of print and communication workflow technology and is fully equipped to provide a distinctive service to large organizations with both simple and complex communication programs.

We are always looking for dynamic, creative, hard-working individuals to become a part of our ABS team. We are proud of the expertise we offer our clients through our knowledgeable and skilled employees; we would appreciate learning more about you and your interest in joining our team. ABS is pleased to offer competitive compensation and benefit packages which includes 401(K).
