Lead Data Quality Analyst

Founded in 2001, we are a leading Supply-­‐Chain data analytics and managed services provider. Our clients include Fortune 500 companies and portfolio companies of leading and well respected private equity firms. We are currently experiencing a rapidly growing demand for our services and are building an organization and implementing processes to efficiently scale. Located Chicago in the River North area, BridgeNet Solutions offers a unique working environment with a strong focus on its employees. BridgeNet offers a very competitive benefits and commission program and maintains an even more impressive employee retention rate. Many of our full-­‐time employees have been with the company for more than half of BridgeNet’s existence.

We are constantly striving to be leaders not only in the industry, but in the community as well. We pursue unique ways to help our clients and clients all the while searching for new ways to be active within our neighborhood and try and make a difference locally. Chicago gives us a wide variety of cultures and activities to support. We are always looking to join local community initiatives and actively participate in urban outreach programs.

As the Data Quality Analyst, your focus will be to ensure that all data we have imported into our database is complete, accurate, and valid. You will be expected to monitor all data intake processes, as well as scrutinize the data and identify issues before they are found by your fellow colleagues or our customers. As a technology company that focuses on data warehousing and data analysis and visualization, rock solid data validity and completeness plays a huge role in the overall success of BridgeNet Solutions. In this role, you’ll be contributing a great deal to that overall success!

Exemption Type

Exempt (Salaried)

Job Requirements

Here’s what we’re looking for:

A candidate that:
loves working with large data sets
exhibits a very strong attention to detail
enjoys solving problems and puzzles
has strong inference skills
takes initiative to automate and streamline processes at every given opportunity
is organized and able to perform daily/weekly tasks while fielding questions and working on new projects
prefers to work as a part of a team
contributes to the ongoing forward progress of the department and organization
3 + years of experience working in a data analyst role
2 + years of experience in data mining
2 + years of SQL Server Experience
Strong analytical, data mining, data modeling and data management skills
Root cause analysis abilities
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to deliver in a fast-paced and goals-based environment with time-bound deliverables
Ability to work flexible hours to meet deadlines
Skilled in collaboration, enjoys working with others and achieving results as a team
MS Office (Excel, Outlook) experience
What would be a bonus?
Big Data Experience
Previous exposure to supply chain data
Experience working with data visualization tools like Tableau, Power BI
A background in solving logistical proofs
Data Quality Analyst, Analyst, Logistics, transportation, Data
