Job Description
A promotion has resulted in an opening for a sharp-thinker to join our expanding organization and build their career!

Job Title: Production Analyst

Department: Finance

Reports To: Inventory Control Manager

FLSA Status: Salaried, Exempt

Summary Responsible for reviewing production work orders for accuracy, tracking and summarizing production trends, creating and generating reports to support continuous improvement initiatives and making recommendations based on analysis of data. The ideal candidate will have strong analytical skills, be detailed oriented and have an entrepreneurial attitude.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include but not limited to the following:
Extract/analyze inventory and production data from ERP system for various purposes, including among others, daily, weekly, monthly and annual reporting to upper management team and other departments as well external stakeholders including banks, insurance and auditing firms/institutions;
Interpret production/inventory data to identify trends;
Utilize historical production information to generate product cost estimates for the pricing of new sales commitments;
Create process flow maps for production-related processes to clarify roles, responsibilities and the flow of information;
Use data from ERP software to drive improvements and efficiency on production processes;
Analyze production data to improve yield and labor entitlements;
Responsible for analysis of raw material and finished good inventory aging and make recommendations to Inventory Control, Production and Finance teams;
Create new reports to help identify, reconcile or prevent issues;
Interface with production, purchasing and warehouse teams on material status and production planning issues;
Reconcile inventory issues with inventory control and warehouse teams;
Assist in creating production formulas and products in ERP system;
Assist in posting production entries in ERP system;
Help manage and update different databases and other shared spreadsheets used by different personnel and departments across all locations;
Responsible for analyzing and managing weight giveaway for net weight products and work with QA and Production personnel to resolve any issues;
Will be required to perform other duties as requested, directed or assigned.
Supervisory ResponsibilitiesThis job has no supervisory responsibilities.

Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Regular attendance is required.

Education and/or ExperienceBachelor's degree in Finance, Economics or similar is preferred. At least two years of analytical experience including preparation of spreadsheets and other documents.

Language SkillsAbility to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.

Mathematical SkillsAbility to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rates, ratios, and percentages and to draw and interpret graphs.

Reasoning AbilityAbility to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.

Computer SkillsTo perform this job successfully, an individual should have strong knowledge of Microsoft Excel and other Microsoft Office programs; Internet software; Familiarity with SQL databases is preferred.

Other Skills and AbilitiesMust have excellent communication skills and customer service skills. Excellent typing and word processing skills. Must have the ability to multi-task and think analytically.

Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. Position requires heavy use of keyboard. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.

Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
