Senior Global Data Analyst / Power BI Dashboard Developer
["NA-USA-Various Cities-Telecommute - US"]
DO WORK THAT MATTERS
At Abbott, diverse ideas, perspectives, and expertise allow us to
create the life-changing solutions that help people live healthier
lives. In 150 countries and with businesses spanning nutrition,
diagnostics, medical devices, and branded generic pharmaceuticals,
Abbott offers you enormous opportunities to explore your interests and
help you achieve your career and personal goals.
Abbott Rapid Diagnostics (formerly Alere) is part of Abbott s
Diagnostics family of businesses, bringing together exceptional teams
of experts and industry leading technologies. The position of Senior
Global Data Analyst / Power BI Dashboard Developer within our
Cardiometabolic business unit located in Chicago, IL or may be remote.
In this role, you will work as part of the Global Pricing and
Analytics organization to define, structure and support the
development and management of pricing, commercial and marketing
analytics to provide meaningful business insights to our business
partners.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop data modeling & visualization using tools such as Power BI,
Tableau, etc;
Collaborate closely with business partners to understand
requirements, design and develop a data model that best fits the
users needs;
Develop and maintain technical documentation for all designed
solutions;
Maintain existing data solutions, reports & dashboards, and identify
and act upon opportunities to improve the system process flow,
performance and technical efficiencies;
Develop operational analytics using descriptive, predictive, and
prescriptive models accordingly to improve business outcomes using
data warehousing & analytic solutions;
Create ad-hoc data models, reports and analysis as needed to support
business requirements
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor s degree with strong statistical, technical or analytical
component: for example Computer Science, Engineering, Economics,
Finance or Statistics
Deep expertise with Microsoft Power BI including data models, DAX,
visualizations, Microsoft SQL Server queries and SSRS reports
Experience on data warehousing architecture, modeling, and
development
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Microsoft Azure Big Data, Data Engineering, Data Science or
Microsoft Power BI certifications;
COMPETENCIES
Technical learning
Customer focus
Achieving results ethically
Problem solving
Business acumen
Strategic agility
Process management
Dealing with ambiguity
Teamwork
About Abbott.
At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible
life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've
brought new products and technologies to the world -- in nutrition,
diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life.
Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer,
but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve.
An equal opportunity employer, Abbott welcomes and encourages
diversity in our workforce. We provide reasonable accommodation to
qualified individuals with disabilities. To request accommodation,
please send an email to .
Technology
Full-time
