Alternate Locations: Atlanta, GA (Georgia); Austin, TX (Texas); Bakersfield, CA (California); Baltimore, MD (Maryland); Baton Rouge, LA (Louisiana); Birmingham, AL (Alabama); Boise, ID (Idaho); Boston, MA (Massachusetts); Buffalo, NY (New York); Canonsburg, PA (Pennsylvania); Charlotte, NC (North Carolina); Chicago, IL (Illinois); Cincinnati, OH (Ohio); Cleveland, OH (Ohio); Columbia, SC (South Carolina); Columbus, OH (Ohio); Concord, NH (New Hampshire); Dallas, TX (Texas); Deerfield Beach, FL (Florida); Denver, CO (Colorado); Detroit, MI (Michigan); Dover, NH (New Hampshire); Durham, NC (North Carolina); Edina, MN (Minnesota); Edison, NJ (New Jersey); Ellicott City, MD (Maryland); Fayetteville, SC (South Carolina); Florence, SC (South Carolina); Fort Lauderdale, FL (Florida); Fort Wayne, IN (Indiana); Fort Worth, TX (Texas); Gainsville, FL (Florida); Glen Allen, VA (Virginia); Glendale, CA (California); Greensboro, NC (North Carolina); Greenwood Village, CO (Colorado); Hartford, CT (Connecticut); Houston, TX (Texas); Huntsville, AL (Alabama); Indianapolis, IN (Indiana); Irvine, CA (California); Jacksonville, FL (Florida); Johnson City, TN (Tennessee); Kansas City, KS (Kansas); La Jolla, CA (California); Lexington, KY (Kentucky); Los Angeles, CA (California); Louisville, KY (Kentucky); Lutherville, MD (Maryland); Madison, WI (Wisconsin); Memphis, TN (Tennessee); Miami, FL (Florida); Milwaukee, WI (Wisconsin); Minneapolis, MN (Minnesota); Nashville, TN (Tennessee); New York, NY (New York); None; Norwood, OH (Ohio); Omaha, NE (Nebraska); Orlando, FL (Florida); Palm Desert, CA (California); Paramus, NJ (New Jersey); Parsippany, NJ (New Jersey); Philadelphia, PA (Pennsylvania); Phoenix, AZ (Arizona); Pittsburgh, PA (Pennsylvania); Plano, TX (Texas); Plymouth Meeting, PA (Pennsylvania); Portland, ME (Maine); Portland, OR (Oregon); Radnor, PA (Pennsylvania); Raleigh, NC (North Carolina); Richmond, VA (Virginia); Rochester, NY (New York); Rockville, MD (Maryland); Rolling Meadows, IL (Illinois); Rye Brook, NY (New York); Sacramento, CA (California); Salt Lake City, UT (Utah); San Antonio, TX (Texas); San Diego, CA (California); San Francisco, CA (California); San Ramon, CA (California); Schaumburg, IL (Illinois); Scottsdale, AZ (Arizona); Seattle, WA (Washington); Southfield, MI (Michigan); St. Louis, MO (Missouri); Syosset, NY (New York); Tampa, FL (Florida); Toledo, OH (Ohio); Tupelo, MS (Mississippi); US All Regions; US Midwest; US Northeast; US Southeast; US Southwest; US West; Vienna, VA (Virginia); Virginia Beach, VA (Virginia); Walnut Creek, CA (California); Washington, DC (District of Columbia); Westlake Village, CA (California); White Plains, NY (New York); Windsor, CT (Connecticut); Woodmere, OH (Ohio); Work from Home

Relocation assistance is not available for this opportunity.

Level: P4

Requisition #63949

About the Company

Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 company with over 10,000 employees, provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence. Our core business areas — Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection — focus on supporting, preserving and enhancing over 17 million customer’s lifestyles and retirement outcomes.

Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE: LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $238 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2018.

Ranked one of the Best Large Employers in America by Forbes magazine, Lincoln Financial Group makes a serious investment in our employees’ futures through a broad range of wealth accumulation and protection plans, health and wellness programs, and career development resources designed to help each individual reach their personal and professional goals.
General Purpose of Job
This position will provide subject matter expertise and direction on complex projects/initiatives for his/her assigned area(s) of Reinsurance Accounting responsibility.S/he will prepare, record, analyze and report complex reinsurance accounting transactions and ensures the integrity of accounting records for completeness, accuracy and compliance with accepted accounting policies and principles.
Duties and Responsibilities
Communicates with third party reinsurers on identified complex discrepancies & resolves in a collaborative & timely fashion.
Conducts quality assurance checks on his/her journal entries & post to General Ledger Accounts.
Consults, conducts and/or participates in accounting projects
Determines complex classifications & records financial transactions applying accounting technique, standard practices & accepted accounting policies & principles.
Develops complex processes to ensure internal controls & SOX compliance & provides ongoing assessment of effectiveness.
Directs and enhances organizational initiatives by positively influencing and supporting change management and/or departmental/enterprise initiatives within assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Ensures the integrity of complex accounting records for completeness, accuracy & compliance with accepted accounting policies & principles, & compliance with internal controls & SOX.
Identifies & resolves complex issues with internal and/or external auditors in a collaborative manner.
Identifies accounting issues/concerns & recommends mitigation solution(s) to management.
Identifies and directs the implementation of process improvements that significantly improve quality across the team, department and/or business unit for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Identifies, researches & resolves discrepancies or out of balance situations amongst assigned General Ledger Accounts, subaccounts & subsystems.
Maintains knowledge on current and emerging developments/trends for assigned area(s) of responsibility, assesses the impact, and collaborates with senior management to incorporate new trends and developments in current and future solutions.
Manages &/or participates in assigned projects.
Obtains input from appropriate management before making external statements or providing information that could impact the corporation.
Performs complex reinsurance accounting activities, including preparing, classifying, recording, maintaining & reconciling the General Ledger accounts, sub-ledgers & subsystems in compliance with the accepted accounting policies & principles.
Prepares complex financial foot note information for SEC, GAAP & statutory reporting
Prepares, records, analyzes & reports complex reinsurance accounting transactions & ensures the integrity of accounting records for completeness, accuracy & compliance with accepted accounting policies & principles
Provides accurate & complex timely reinsurance treaty administration which includes cash settlements & analyzing & validating data.
Provides direction on complex assignments, projects, and/or initiatives to build and enhance the capability of his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Provides subject matter expertise to team members and applicable internal/external stakeholders on complex assignments/projects for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Researches & provides complex accounting impacts on new & existing reinsurance structures/transaction.
Reviews complex reinsurance & financial reports & accounting statements to ensure their accuracy.

Other Skills and Abilities
Ability to perform under stress in cases of emergency, critical or hazardous situations.
Ability to work with others in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to identify and recommend processes improvements.
Demonstrated strong relationship management skills with internal clients (e.g. senior management, peers and colleagues); proven ability to develop creative and collaborative approaches.
Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills with a collaborative style.
Demonstrates strong project management leadership skills including, critical ability to coordinate and balance multiple projects in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure, and meeting deadlines.
Finds common ground and can gain collaboration among senior/executive management, colleagues and peers; can influence outcomes without directing or commanding.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).
Successfully completes regulatory and job training requirements.

Education
4 Year/Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience (4 years of experience in lieu of Bachelor's) - Minimum Required
Experience
5 - 7+ Years of experience in Accounting that directly aligns with the specific responsibilities for this position (Required
CPA Required

This position may be subject to Lincoln’s Political Contribution Policy. An offer of employment may be contingent upon disclosing to Lincoln the details of certain political contributions. Lincoln may decline to extend an offer or terminate employment for this role if it determines political contributions made could have an adverse impact on Lincoln’s current or future business interests, misrepresentations were made, or for failure to fully disclose applicable political contributions and or fundraising activities.

Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Lincoln Financial Group are considered property of Lincoln Financial Group and are not subject to payment of agency fees.

Lincoln Financial Group (“LFG”) is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veterans status, or genetic information. Applicants are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications. If you are a person with a disability that impedes your ability to express your interest for a position through our online application process, or require TTY/TDD assistance, contact us by calling 260-455-2558.

#[[customString5]]
