Title:
Visiting Undergraduate Affairs Data Analyst - Office of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Affairs & Academic Programs (Job ID #133309)

Department:
Office of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Affairs & Academic Programs

Category:
Academic Professional

Location:
Chicago

Close Date:
08/06/2020

Description:
The Office of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Affairs and Academic Programs (VPUAAP) at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) is accepting applications for the Visiting Undergraduate Affairs Data Analyst position.

UIC is one of the most diverse universities in the nation and has been designated a Minority Serving Institution, a Hispanic Serving Institution and an Asian-American and Native-American Pacific Islander Serving Institution. UIC is the largest research university in Chicago, enjoys the strongest enrollment growth in Illinois with a student body of 33,390 and almost 3,000 faculty, and is in the top 5% of the most ethnically diverse universities in the United States.

The Visiting Undergraduate Affairs Data Analyst performs research in the areas of undergraduate student success, program assessment and effectiveness, and strategic planning. The Data Analyst conducts research and analyzes data for decision making and policy implementation in areas including (but not limited to) undergraduate student retention and graduation, student goal attainment, program assessment and evaluation, access and equity, and functional benchmarking specific to higher education.

Duties:
Conduct evidence-based best practice research and perform studies for strategic planning, program and policy assessment, and student support services

Design effective research strategies and gather relevant information using primary and secondary sources and techniques (e.g., institutional data, course data, surveys, print sources, government agencies, external research organizations, etc.).

Organize and execute research projects, identifying ways to improve research design and data validity.

Develop and carryout research with sound methodologies to investigate undergraduate success and institutional effectiveness.

Select and adapt quantitative methods, practices, and theories to perform analysis, interpret results, and document findings.

Select and adapt qualitative methods, practices, and theories to perform analysis, interpret results, and document findings.

Manage IRB protocols for VPUAAP projects.

Identify and analyze patterns in institutional data, make critical observations of policy impact, and recommend strategies and actions.

Develop analytical models, identify trends and fluctuations, evaluate limitations of data, and specify the range of results needed for management planning, programming, and resource decisions.

Perform other related duties and participate in special projects as assigned.

Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s degree required, preferred in statistics, psychology, education, or related field. Master’s or doctoral degree in statistics, psychology, education or related field preferred. Minimum of two years experience conducting education, social science, or student success related research.

Demonstrated ability to interact with multiple constituents and articulate complex, multifaceted issues related to institutional effectiveness. Proficiency with SPSS and database query reporting tools. Experience in manipulating and analyzing institutional data, needs assessment, data collection, and quantitative analysis. Ability to collect and analyze qualitative data from a variety of stakeholders. Experience in a higher education setting using data analysis, research methods, and statistics.

For fullest consideration, please submit a cover letter, resume and the names and contact information for three references online at jobs.uic.edu by August 6, 2020. Questions can be directed to Gerardo Jimenez, Director of Operations, at gjimenez@uic.edu.

The University of Illinois at Chicago is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

The University of Illinois may conduct background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.

Back to Job Board
