Job Description
Responsibilities

Work with business stakeholders to scope potential processes for automation and understand the productivity impact of the automation

Oversee current state process capture, recommend and implement process re-engineering to support automation and use-case creation

Manage testing and sign-off of automated solutions with business stakeholders

Review automation output and recommend optimizations to improve success rate for both in-development and in-production automations

Knowledgeable of, and adheres to, all information technology security protocols and procedures

Collaborate with information technology security to ensure the highest product security standards are met

Develop and document best practices for operating software robots and automations

Demonstrates problem solving skills and ability to work under tight timelines; multi-tasking abilities; exception-based management capability.

Ability to balance priorities across multiple internal and external stakeholders.

Ability to interact and build relations with team members and key stakeholders.

Good analytical and problem-solving skills

Responsible for SLA (metrics) objectives

on time delivery of reports and analytics.

You will be expected to be focused on Continuous Improvement projects for your desk

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in related fields (Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics or related discipline)

Client Industry experience preferred

3-5 years of VBA experience and implementation

3-5 years of Python/R experience and implementation

Strong team skills - collaborative management and working style.

Effective communication skills.

Strong attention to detail

Software skills: Word, Excel, Access, Visio.

Knowledge of statistical methods for analysis.

4 years of experience in business process analysis, specifically business process engineering and analysis.

Experience of working on projects using automation and robotic tools such as Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere or UI Path

Anything deemed necessary

Preferred Qualifications

3-5 years of SQL experience

At least 1 year of Tableau experience

Working knowledge of SAP ECC / APO ?

Machine Learning and AI knowledge
