If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
Company Overview


At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.


Department Overview
Motorola Solutions Inc

Job Description


Create innovative dashboard and business analytics. Maintain managerial reporting for the
product and service organization, as well as other key stakeholder organizations. Partner with
finance and operational stakeholders to provide timely and accurate analytics, reports, and
dashboards, including but not limited to P &L reporting, headcount and operational expenses
analyses, ASP and CPU analysis, order, backlogs, and cost of delivery analyses. Maintain the
product P&L structure and drive continuous reporting process improvement. Develop modeling
tools to provide efficient financial data that will aid in key decision making. Design and
deployment of Tableau closely partnering with finance and other functional stake holders and
provide vital information to support ad-hoc analysis.


Basic Requirements


Bachelor's and 5 years of experience
Degree Field: Business or finance


Travel Requirements
Under 10%

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Experienced

Referral Payment Plan
No

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.
