About Us:
Cedent is a rapidly growing, young and team-oriented organization. Our mission is to provide expertise and counsel rather than resources. We encourage the formation of joint teams with client staff to take a project from inception to implementation. Through this philosophy we provide identifiable business benefits in the most economical manner. Cedent enables business results by being a 'Value Added partner'. It offers integrated portfolio of services to its clients in the areas of Consulting, System Integration for key-industry verticals. Our resources bring their unique perspectives and insight based on their individual experiences, which leads to breakthrough outcomes for our clients. Our people make the difference by consistently delivering outstanding value to our customers.

Job description
As a Data Security Analytics Analyst, you will be using your analytical mindset and collaboration skills to support and improve the Access Service experience. You will utilize your technical and business knowledge to support secure, risk-based practices, exercising judgment within broadly defined practices and policies.
We look for you to be result-oriented, business focused, and successful at interfacing across multiple organizational units at various levels. The knowledge/experience/exposure with information security topics, including the design, development, testing, implementation or governance of information security practices and solutions, will be very helpful in this role. You should be prepared to demonstrate your knowledge of access management/risk identification and risk mitigation skills.

Required Skills
Advanced level of proficiency in SQL (grouping, joins, window functions) and experience with at least one scripting language (Python, R).
Ability to create a repeatable intake process for analyzing data, and driving solutions to complex analytical problems
Mindset for building reliable and reusable analytics tools
Strong analytical skills/problem solving/conceptual thinking
Experience working on an analytics team and presenting data analysis findings to peers
Previous experience in Information Technology / Information Security / Identity and Access Management.
Proficient in Windows, Midrange and Mainframe access provisioning and security systems.
Ability to identify, analyze and address problems to resolve issues whenever possible in way that minimizes negative impact and risk to the organization
Ability to work independently on initiatives with little oversight
Motivated and willing to learn
Strong leadership skills and qualities which enable you to work with peers and various levels of management.
Quick learner and self-starter
Proven ability of mitigating risk in the organization
Good interpersonal and communication skills
Desired skills
Undergraduate degree in a quantitative field – Math, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc.
Experience with statistical inference modeling techniques and cluster analysis
In-depth knowledge of data visualization and BI tools
Graph database experience
Knowledge and/or experience with data mining techniques
Familiarity with different data analytics IDEs
Enterprise Role Overview: As an experienced professional, provide advice to client management with regard to moderately complex security issues. Assists in the review, development, testing and implementation of security plans, products and control techniques. Coordinates the reporting data security incidents. Provides technical support to the client and management and staff in risk assessments and implementation of appropriate data security procedures and products. Monitors existing and proposed security standard setting groups. State and Federal legislation and regulations. Identifies and escalates changes that will affect information security policy, standards and procedures. Executes security controls to prevent hackers from infiltrating company information or jeopardizing e-commerce programs. Researches attempted efforts to compromise security protocols. Administers security policies to control access to systems and maintains the company firewall. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors. Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques, and evaluation criterion for obtaining results. Work leadership may be provided by assigning work and resolving problems. Typically 5-7 years of IT experience.

You Will Enjoy:
An opportunity to be a part of a great culture, an awesome team, a challenging work environment, and some fun along the way! Apply today to learn more and be part of our Growth story.

All applications will be kept strictly confidential and once shortlisted, our team will be in touch with you for further discussions.
