About Capgemini

A global leader in
consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the
forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities
in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong
50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables
organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services
from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the
business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a
multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries.
The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.

Capgemini
is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard
to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion,
disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any
other characteristic protected by law.

This is a
general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required
for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be
referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position
traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities
an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable
accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the
way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an
undue hardship.

Click the
following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

Job Description:

Capgemini America, Inc. has multiple openings for the position of Lead Data Analyst based out of its Chicago, IL U.S. headquarters. The employee may also work at various unanticipated locations. S/he will perform the following duties: import/clean/transform/validate/model data with the purpose of understanding and drawing conclusions from data (through charts/graphs/tables); design/develop rational databases for collecting/storing data; build/design data input and data collection mechanisms; perform data related activities, including data extraction/profiling/cleansing/deduplication/standardization/conversion/transformational/loadin /data mining/warehousing/archiving/reporting; ensure optimum performance and data integrity of databases in production environments are in line with the requirements, responsible for server based databases in development and test environments, including database software installation, database creation, performance and capacity design, backup and recovery design and security

design; conduct research/data analysis/implementation for consulting projects; initiate and maintain client relationships; work on overall analysis and design to provide architecture for analytical and statistical reporting (using Oracle BI, Siebel, Informatica, Power BI and Tableau) for executive decision making; provide detailed analytical reports for subscriber mix, product mix, Trouble Call, Call In Rate and IMS migration progress; working with the other application teams in IT landscape to define and provide optimized solutions; plan/facilitate/build

Proof of concept and participate in end-to-end solution sessions to vet and finalize the solution; and execute project work plans in the field.

Basic Qualifications:

This position requires a bachelor’s degree or its foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Applications, Information Technology, Information Systems, Data Science, Business Administration, Engineering (any) or closely related field plus at least 2 years of experience in the job offered, as Data Architect, Reporting Analyst, Data Modeler, or related IT position. In lieu of a bachelor’s degree, the employer deems that the suitable combination of education, training or experience acceptable is 3 years of study towards any US bachelor’s degree plus 3 years of IT experience. The applicant must also have; any period of experience conducting enterprise-wide data analysis, configuration, and report solutions; any period of experience designing, implementing, and supporting data for knowledge management solutions and related computer technologies, including SharePoint, for collaborative information sharing; any period of experience performing requirement analysis and documentation of open items; any period of experience working with end-users to determine and document and resolving the open-items that will drive solutions; and any period of experience working with computer technologies, including Siebel Analytics, SQL Server, Tableau, ETL, or Teradata.

Candidates who are interested in this position should apply by clicking the “APPLY NOW” button.
