Primary Function

Responsible for assisting in leading the analyst team to collect and analyze data – running various mathematical calculations to determine how the data samples may be best applied to profit the organization and meet the customer’s needs.

Responsibilities

· Perform data analysis for all steps in the customer RFP process

· Maintain system integrity with detailed analysis & a high level of data accuracy

· Manage reporting functionality by streamlining existing reports & developing additional metrics

· Assist with general pricing including customer specific pricing setups and changes

· Compile data from multiple systems, create customized reports for internal and external data requests

· Assist with customer quarterly/annual business reviews, implementations & process improvements

· Assist in leading and managing the progress of internal and external facing projects

· Assist with the validation of customer & carrier system setup

· Assist in leading the analyst team and providing operational support

· Contribute to team members performance reviews

· Assist in managing team project tracker and follow up to help meet deadlines

· All other tasks as assigned

Experience and Education

· Bachelor’s degree required; STEM degree strongly preferred (Applied Mathematics, Statistics)

· Proficient in Microsoft Excel

· Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

· Excellent organization skills and attention to detail

· Solid verbal and written communication skills

Working Conditions

Sedentary role with a fast-paced work environment. Open floor plan with moderate noise. Must be able to use a computer and phone to conduct business. This includes the ability to use hands, talk, see, and hear.

I have received, reviewed and fully understand the above job description. I further understand that I am responsible for the satisfactory execution of the essential functions under all conditions described. If for any reason I cannot complete the above job description to the best of my ability, I agree to notify my direct manager.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Supplemental Pay:

Commission Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We are keeping our employees as safe as possible by providing partition boards, PPE such as hand sanitizer, masks, sanitizing spray, thermometer for body temperature monitoring daily. Specific policies are also in place in case of any emergency.

Experience:
Logistics: 2 years (Preferred)
Data related: 1 year (Preferred)
Location:
Chicago, IL 60612 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Do you need VISA sponsorship now or in the future?
Additional Compensation:
Commission
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
8 hour shift
Company's website:
www.sourcealliance.net
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
