Metropolitan Family Services empowers families to learn, to earn, to heal, to thrive. Part mentor, part motivator, part advocate, since 1857, Metropolitan Family Services has been the engine of change that empowers families to reach their greatest potential and positively impact their communities. Metropolitan is Illinois’ first comprehensive human services agency and reaches more than 93,000 individuals and families in Chicago, Evanston/Skokie, the southwest suburbs and DuPage County with services promoting education, economic stability, emotional wellness and empowerment.

In collaboration with community partners in Chicago and dedicated funders, MFS established Metropolitan Peace Initiatives (MPI) to respond to homicide and community violence. MPI coordinates a group of community-based organizations that provide street outreach for violence prevention. The goal of this initiative is to provide a comprehensive, long-term approach to reduce homicides resulting from gun violence. This framework merges community-driven strategies that empower community-based organizations with empowering the overall resident population to transform perceptions and realities of their community. This holistic framework responds to high-risk incidents while also being proactive in preventing situations.

We are now hiring for a full-time Data Analyst to join our Metropolitan Peace Initiatives team!

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Provides leadership in the data monitoring, analysis and program outcome evaluation Partnership wide. Assures outcome/evaluation results feed program development.
Facilitates program data collection, monitoring and outcome measurement and evaluation practices.
Collaborates with the Quality team, OTA Director, Site Coordinators and Program Director to interpret results and define strategies to improve service delivery and assure that program goals are attained.
Provides consultation and technical assistance to program partners at all levels in areas of program development, outcome measurement, and program evaluation.
Develops annual goals and plans for agency Outcome and Evaluation responsibilities. Makes recommendations for Partnership strategic planning in regard to evaluation and outcomes.
Ensures agency’s use of up-to-date, state-of-the-art methods to measure outcomes and the attainment of agency goals.
Maintains collaborative relationships with universities and state or national organizations supportive of standards, outcomes, and evaluation programs and systems.
Represents the agency to outside organizations, including coalitions, non-profit entities and others on matters related to outcomes and evaluation.
Continuously increases knowledge base around essential functions, through conferences, meetings, training and other learning opportunities.
May supervise staff, volunteers and/or interns.
Other duties as assigned.
Reports to the Director of Program Evaluation, Metropolitan Peace Initiative.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Master’s Degree in the public policy or social service, or related field.
Minimum four to five years of increasing levels of experience in data monitoring, cleaning, and analysis for varying audiences.
Experience in data collection and management, and data analytics tool, Tableau preferred.
Proven ability to conduct spatial analysis using GIS software.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Highly effective interpersonal skills.
Ability to work effectively in a collaborative, team setting. Mobility to travel throughout metropolitan Chicago required.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
While performing the essential duties of this job, the employee is required to sit and stand for sustained periods of time, frequently talk, hear, use hands and fingers to feel, handle and operate objects or controls, and occasionally stand, bend, stretch, stoop, kneel and crouch.
The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
The employee is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as preparing and analyzing data and figures, transcribing and viewing a computer terminal.
Metropolitan Family Services offers a very generous benefits packet to our professionals:
Blue Cross and Blue Shield Medical Coverage: HMO, Traditional PPO, or PPO w/ HSA contributions.
Dental and Vision Insurance Options
11 paid Holidays
Paid Time Off (PTO)
401K Plan
Training and Professional Development Plan with E- Learning
Wellness Initiative Program
Employee Assistance Network
