Job Title: Data Analyst Alteryx Experience MUST
Location: Chicago IL 60601
Duration: 12 Months

Certification Required: Alteryx Development & Certification
Job Description:
The Business Analyst will gain experience and knowledge of multiple company Process Models such as; Customer Service, Demand Planning, Integrated Business Planning, Logistics, Manufacturing, Procurement, Supply Planning, Financial Accounting, Sales and Master Data.
This unique role has split responsibilities that include managing information as an asset and project management responsibilities for strategies across the enterprise. This role will build upon their technical knowledge of business intelligence tools, enterprise data, and processes while developing functional leadership skills by managing projects simultaneously.
This role will interface with business stakeholders, functional and technical subject matter experts, and Project Manager. Must be a highly motivated individual with a understanding of enterprise systems and is passionate about turning data into an asset for the organization.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Collaborate in a team dynamic creating and delivery solutions to business needs that measure performance and provide analytical support to the organization
Provide troubleshooting and backup support to reporting specialist role for ongoing tasks
Collaborates with GPE's on usage of information to avoid waste
Play role in leading small to medium sized Projects across KPM's
Facilitate/assist in the discussion of project scopes, business requirements, goals, tasks and resource (people and cost) requirements
Position understands enterprise wide processes and makes appropriate recommendations to Business Partners, ultimately delivering Information as an Asset
Responsible for weekly Project Status's and delivering Continuous Improvement
Enable best practice sharing by ensuring all projects are properly closed out and key learning's are documented
Ensure SAP standard reporting is utilized where ever possible.
Develops new program specifications to support specific customer needs and system upgrades, including new releases and resolves problems with current systems.
Analyzes service requests to determine feasibility, extent of changes, resource requirements and project time estimates. Provides daily production support, including maintenance of routine production control parameters, completion of routine service requests and research problems
Required Qualification:
Associates degree
Required Experience:
Must have minimum of 1-3 Year Alteryx Development & Certification.
1-3 Years of Experience Supports changes and enhancements from development through production; recommending and implementing system enhancements (e.g., screen appearance, report distribution and setup testing)
Preferred Experience:
Minimum 2-3 years of experience in Analytics
Strong knowledge of SAP and Microsoft Office suite (particularly Excel/Access) required
Demonstrated problem solver with systems savvy
MBA/APICS/Lean/6 Sigma experience preferred, strong desire for continuing education
Required Skills:
Strong collaboration, interpersonal, teamwork and communication skills
Demonstrated problem solver with systems savvy
Preferred Skills:
Passion for analytics.
About our Company: -

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
