Description Design, develop, test, maintain, and support batch applications using Oracle PLSQL for Retail Commissions and Amortization. Essential DutiesResponsibilities -Develop Oracle PLSQL packages, stored procedures, functions, objects, tables, views, synonyms based on requirements. -Unit test, System test, Integration test, and Parallel test of the Oracle PLSQL code. -Optimize code by following performance tuning techniques considering limitations of current environment. -Use Oracle Analytical functions, merge statements, with clause, oracle partitioning, job logging, exception handling, performance tuning and so on in the Oracle PLSQL code. -Use analytics skills to troubleshoot and resolve problems quickly -Work with Team Lead and other members of the Commissions IT team to understand requirements, identify source data, understand the source tables and relationships, adhere to consistent coding standards, do code reviews, and provide daily status updates. -Work with the Commissions Project team to understand the reporting requirements for each workstream and build, test, and UAT according to their expectations. -Work effectively in a team environment. Develop strong working relationship with members of Commissions IT team, Commissions Project team, Project Management team, and Business. -Get familiarized with the ServiceNow ticketing system for opening, handling, and closing tickets and change requests. -Experienced in any source code versioning tool -Follow SOX procedures for code deployment. -Create ControlM job documents and work with ControlM to get them created and scheduled. -Monitor batch processes dailyweeklymonthly and resolve job failures as quickly as possible. Work with ControlM group on re-runre-start instructions. Willingness to perform this off hours during weekdays and weekends. -Provide production support of the application and satisfy requests for data updates, ad-hoc reports or minor enhancements. -Communicate status and escalate issues or delays that would impact deadline as early in the process as possible. Requirements Experience including but not limited to - 15+ years of experience in Software development - 10+ years of experience in Oracle 10g or 11g - 10+ years of experience in Oracle PLSQL development - 3+ years of experience in a Data Warehouse environment - Strong Analytical skills - Troubleshooting skills o Team Player Additional skills -Flexibility, Dedication, Consistency, Integrity, and Enthusiasm a must. -Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required in order to interact with other team members, Team Lead, End user, Business, Project Manager, and other teams. Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
