Position Description

Under the supervision of the Data/Tech Deputy Director for the Harris County Justice Administration Department, the Senior Data Analyst will be responsible for designing, developing, testing, maintaining, and supporting County data analytics and reporting solutions in compliance with the O’Donnell Consent Decree.

The Senior Data Analyst will manage inter-agency data integration and reporting needs as required by the Federal Court Monitor and County stakeholders. Identifies, analyzes, and reports trends across data sets and conduct research and data collection to support the goals of the Consent Decree.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Designs and develops enterprise and departmental business intelligence, data warehousing, and reporting solutions required by the consent decree
Develops and implements reporting and analytic requirements while working with business users and consent decree stakeholders in compliance with federal consent decree deadlines
Develops and implements the Extract Transform Load (ETL) process, reports, and queries in support of business analytics as required by the federal consent decree
Performs other duties as assigned
Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer
https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx
If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net

Requirements
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics or Management Information Systems; and
A minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical position involving ETL and Business Intelligence (BI) application development, to include Data Warehouse Design
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
In-depth knowledge of Enterprise data systems, SQL, writing and managing stored procedures
Experience in managing and administration of SQL databases
Experience in enterprise ETL tools, such as SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) or Informatica
Experience with Cloud based technology such as Snowflake
Experience in developing KPI dashboards and applications using Power BI or Tableau
Experience in creating ad hoc reports from multiple databases and distribution of reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Must be detail oriented and highly organized
NOTE: To qualify for this position, required education, experience, knowledge, and skills must be clearly documented on your application's employment history. You may attach a resume to the application as supporting documentation but ONLY information stated on the application will be used for consideration. "See Resume" will not be accepted for qualifications.
Preferences
Knowledge of statistics, Python or R, and Java Script
General Information

LOCATION:
Downtown Houston, TX
HOURS:
40 Hours per Week
Occasional Nights and Weekends as Needed
SALARY:
Commensurate with experience
Based on 26 pay periods
Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date.

BENEFITS
Harris County offers a competitive benefits program, including comprehensive group health and related benefits plan as well as defined benefit retirement plan.
The following list of benefits is offered only to employees in regular (full-time) positions:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Wellness
Life Insurance
Long-term disability
Employee Assistance Program
10 days of vacation each year for the first five (5) years of service. Accrual rates increase based on years of service.
10 county holidays plus one (1) floating holiday
Professional development opportunities
Dependent Care Reimbursement Plan
Healthcare Reimbursement Account
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
The following benefits are also available to regular (full-time) employment and may be available to part-time employees:
Retirement pension (TCDRS)
Flexible schedules (varies by department)
Transportation Assistance (Metro RideSponsor Program)

In accordance with the Harris County Personnel Regulations, Group Health and related benefits are subject to amendment or discontinuance at any time. Commissioners Court reserves the right to make benefit modifications on the County's behalf as needed.
For plan details, visit the Harris County benefits website:
https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/Medical.aspx

01

Do you have a Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics or Management Information Systems?
Yes
No

02

Please describe your educational background including the level of education completed, area of study, and completed major and minor programs.

03

Which of the following best describes your years of experience working in an analytical position involving ETL and Business Intelligence (BI) application development, to include Data Warehouse Design?

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history)
Less than one year
One year or more but less than two
Two years or more but less than three
Three years or more but less than four
Four years or more but less than five
Five years or more but less than six
Six or more years
I do not have this experience

04

Describe your years of experience working in an analytical position involving ETL and Business Intelligence (BI) application development, to include Data Warehouse Design

05

Describe your experience in the management and administration of SQL databases.

If you do not have this experience, please type "none" in the space provided.

06

Describe your experience with enterprise ETL tools, such as SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) or Informatica.

If you do not have this experience, please type "none" in the space provided.

07

Describe your experience with Cloud-based technology such as Snowflake.

If you do not have this experience, please type "none" in the space provided.

08

Describe your experience in developing KPI dashboards and applications using Power BI or Tableau.

If you do not have this experience, please type "none" in the space provided.

09

Describe your experience creating ad hoc reports from multiple databases and distribution of reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).

If you do not have this experience, please type "none" in the space provided.

10

Do you have knowledge of statistics, Python or R, and Java Script?
Yes
No

11

Describe your knowledge of statistics, Python or R, and Java Script.

If you do not have this knowledge, please type "none" in the space provided.

Required Question
