Job Title Data Warehouse Analyst III Design, develop, test, maintain, and support batch applications using Oracle PLSQL for Retail Commissions and Amortization. Essential DutiesResponsibilities bull Develop Oracle PLSQL packages, stored procedures, functions, objects, tables, views, synonyms based on requirements. bull Unit test, System test, Integration test, and Parallel test of the Oracle PLSQL code. bull Optimize code by following performance tuning techniques considering limitations of current environment. bull Use Oracle Analytical functions, merge statements, with clause, oracle partitioning, job logging, exception handling, performance tuning and so on in the Oracle PLSQL code. bull Use analytics skills to troubleshoot and resolve problems quickly bull Work with Team Lead and other members of the Commissions IT team to understand requirements, identify source data, understand the source tables and relationships, adhere to consistent coding standards, do code reviews, and provide daily status updates. bull Work with the Commissions Project team to understand the reporting requirements for each workstream and build, test, and UAT according to their expectations. bull Work effectively in a team environment. Develop strong working relationship with members of Commissions IT team, Commissions Project team, Project Management team, and Business. bull Get familiarized with the ServiceNow ticketing system for opening, handling, and closing tickets and change requests. bull Experienced in any source code versioning tool bull Follow SOX procedures for code deployment. bull Create ControlM job documents and work with ControlM to get them created and scheduled. bull Monitor batch processes dailyweeklymonthly and resolve job failures as quickly as possible. Work with ControlM group on re-runre-start instructions. Willingness to perform this off hours during weekdays and weekends. bull Provide production support of the application and satisfy requests for data updates, ad-hoc reports or minor enhancements. bull Communicate status and escalate issues or delays that would impact deadline as early in the process as possible. Education Bachelorrsquos degree in computer science, software engineering or relevant business discipline from an accredited four-year college or university or equivalent work experience. Experience Experience including but not limited to - 15+ years of experience in Software development - 10+ years of experience in Oracle 10g or 11g - 10+ years of experience in Oracle PLSQL development - 3+ years of experience in a Data Warehouse environment - Strong Analytical skills - Troubleshooting skills o Team Player Additional skills bull Flexibility, Dedication, Consistency, Integrity, and Enthusiasm a must. bull Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required in order to interact with other team members, Team Lead, End user, Business, Project Manager, and other teams. Location Houston, TX (downtown, no parking provided) Rate 60 - 74 on a W2 contract Length 6+ Months (Possible extension or hire for the right candidate) Must be able to work on a W2
