Overview

Healthcare Information and Data Analyst II

Location: Pearland Administrative Office

Department: KS Plan Advantage- Health Care Finance
Job Type: Full Time

COMPANY PROFILE

Kelsey-Seybold Clinic. Changing the way health cares.

Kelsey-Seybold Clinic is Houston's premier multispecialty group practice, founded in 1949 by Dr. Mavis Kelsey. With more than 21 clinic locations and more than 400 physicians, Kelsey-Seybold provides medical care in 55 medical specialties and is home to a nationally accredited Breast Diagnostic Center, Endoscopy Center, Infusion Center and Cancer Center. Our mission is to provide our team members with exceptional opportunities for professional and personal growth.

JOB SUMMARY

The Healthcare Finance (HCF) department exists to monitor and improve the financial performance of Kelsey-Seybold's product lines and health plans. The HCF Analytics team is a customer service-focused department providing consultation to the KS executive team as well as to select operational and functional departments. The HCF Analytics team works closely with internal and external partners to identify revenue and cost savings opportunities, support new product and business development, ensure regulatory compliance, inform contract negotiations and complete reconciliation of incentive arrangements, claims, capitation, and premium payments with other payers, vendors and/or government entities.

The HCF department is adequately staffed by highly skilled, motivated and inquisitive individuals that deliver complex analysis of financial and utilization data to support revenue enhancement and identify cost savings opportunities. The Analyst II provides financial data, reporting and other actionable information to the HCF Management Team and other departments regarding the business units, process, products and/or service lines as directed by the manager. The Analyst II is able to independently identify areas requiring additional investigation and perform analyses with less guidance than more junior analysts. Responsibilities related to this position include:
Creating/producing financial reports, analysis and financial reconciliations required to understand the key drivers of the relevant business unit or service line.
Helping to develop the systems and processes that are the foundation for reporting and analysis.
Providing analytical support to internal customers including the Central Business Office, Pharmacy Services, Business Planning, Accounting, Managed Care Contracting, Claims, Marketing, and Utilization Management departments and partnering with the Business Intelligence team to automate and improve reporting.
Discussing findings with internal customers.
Acting as a subject matter and technical resource for more junior analysts.
EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

(A = basics; B = preferred)

Education

A.

Bachelor's Degree in Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Healthcare Administration, or related field; or Associate's Degree with equivalent work experience

B.

Experience

A.
3-5 years of experience in data analysis, decision support, medical economics, healthcare informatics, or managed healthcare or equivalent combination of education and experience to demonstrate ability to succeed in healthcare analytics
Demonstrated initiative and problem solving skills
Demonstrated analytical/modeling skills with ability to convert raw data into actionable business insights
B.
Demonstrated ability to analyze and report on business units, products or service lines
Experience in the healthcare industry with understanding of data in healthcare organizations (including claims data, ICD10, Medicare Advantage, Health Insurance Marketplace, capitated payment models)
Licenses

A.

B.

Special Skills

A.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Basic knowledge of Microsoft Power Point and Microsoft Word
Experience with SQL or other programming tools (including Visual Basic and Excel macros)
B.
Experience writing, debugging and documenting complex queries against relational databases
Experience with Statistical Software (including SAS, R, Minitab, SPSS)
Knowledge of Crystal Reports, Microsoft Access, or SSRS
Other

A.
Fluent in English both verbal and written, effective communicator
High level of accuracy with excellent attention to detail
Strong organizational and time management skills
Proven ability to work in a dynamic setting and balance multiple priorities while meeting deadlines
B.

Ability to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner

WORKING ENVIRONMENT

Office
