Data Management and Quantitative Analysis - IC3 Under moderate guidance, works with internal and external datasets and client reference data and provides analysis in the development statistical, financial and/or econometric models for analyzing asset performance, securities data, derivative pricing, risk exposure or other sophisticated concepts. Provides analytical support and prepares drafts of standard and ad hoc reports for assigned area. With moderate guidance, supports assigned area with more advanced statistical and quantitative analyses. Serves as resource to less experienced colleagues. Runs models, looks for exceptions, takes corrective action. Uses technology tools to conduct analyses. Applies techniques such as SQL and querying and macro development to extract data for populating models. Has a good understanding of the relevant processes and products in assigned area and which analyses, methodologies and approaches best support assessment of performance, risk, or valuation. Interprets findings and prepares initial drafts of standard reports. Prepares ad-hoc reports at the request of managers and/or other leaders. Translates complex technical concepts and analyses to non-technical audiences. Reviews accuracy of reports and calculations performed by less experienced colleagues. No direct reports. Provides guidance to more junior analysts. Primarily responsible for the accuracy and quality of own work. Work contributes to the achievement of team goals.QualificationsBachelors degree or the equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree in quantitative analysis preferred. 5-7 years experience preferred. Experience in quantitative finance and technology preferred.BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.Our ambition is to build the best global team - one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve - and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.Primary Location: United States-Texas-HoustonInternal Jobcode: 70126Job: Corporate TrustOrganization: Corporate Trust-HR06320Requisition Number: 2002910
