Ref ID: 00215-0011486780Classification: Data Analyst

Compensation: $20.90 to $23.00 hourly

We are hiring for a large financial institution in North Phoenix...please apply if you meet the qualifications. Responsible for examining and analyzing programs, processes, claims, documentation and/or files of unusual, complex and/or higher risk transactions to ensure compliance with internal company requirements and/or agency or government regulations. Clearly communicates overall process or transaction quality and provides feedback to appropriate contacts regarding identified material deficiencies or issues including identification of inconsistencies. Analyzes risks and offsets and develops solutions for problems identified. Acts as mentor to lower level team members and may assist with their development. Provides support for exam management activities and any other initiatives as needed. 4+ years experience in one or more of the following: quality assurance; operations; loan documentation; loan servicing; or underwriting.

Job Requirements:
QA - Quality Assurance, Analysis

Accountemps, a Robert Half Company, matches highly skilled professionals with accounting finance jobs on a temporary and temporary-to-hire basis. From accounting clerks and bookeepers to accounts payable and staff accountants, we provide you with access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the legal opportunities that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Accountemps office at 888.490.3195 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/accountemps to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Accountemps. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
