Location Phoenix, AZ Description Our client is currently seeking a Jr. Analyst DataReporting position for the Phoenix, AZ area. Candidate should be Local. For immediate consideration email copy of current resume to Amanda at ajauriguejudge.com. This job will have the following responsibilities Manage 1-3 mid-sized projects in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Manage business and technical deliverables to the project budget and timeline throughout the various project phases. Develop and document project plans, budgets and schedules. Identify and document the roles, tasks, and responsibilities of the project team. Must have strong project management and project planning experienceknowledge with demonstrated ability to drive projects to successful completion. Solid experience and understanding of Agile Scrum andor Rational Unified Process Methodology. Expert knowledge of MS Project is required. Familiarity with MS Office 2010, Clarity, SharePoint, and Team Foundation Server desired. Strong knowledge of Visio and PMP certification is a plus. Background experience in the financial services industry and experience with Iterative Development methodologies is highly desirable. Requirements -Part of DAG Project (Data Assurance Governance). This person will be working on a project that is essentially converting over old DBs to their new DBs, they will need to work through a list of DBs on a monthly basis and build a list the ones that they are able to convert over based on the criteria provided to them. This info will be sent over to the DBA teams who will do the more technical work. - They Will Need Strong Experience with Excel including VLookups, Pivot Tables and Macros would be a plus. Experience working with Data and Analytics - help analyze the DBs on what needs to be done for a list of users or access. Experience with reporting (Tableau might be a plus but they don't need it) Strong experience with documentation - as they will be ensuring all of the proper steps are taken before the DB is set to convert. Strong communication skills- assertive attitude. Assist the Project Manager on the team if she has tasks this person can help offset. Qualifications Requirements 2 or more years of experience in large, complex and cross functional projects, with emphasis on systems, technologies, business process redesign, and knowledge of technical environment. Familiarity with Identity and Access Management practices and tools. Demonstrated analytical work with a track record of fully understanding business process requirements and use cases. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to technical and non-technical audiences. Critical thinker with strong problem-solving skills. Strong interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving, influencing, prioritization, decision-making and conflict resolution skills. Excellent writtenverbal communication skills. Strong knowledge of MS Office tools (Excel, MS Word,Visio, etc.) tool along with general familiarity with Outlook and other MS Office applications is also required Contact ajauriguejudge.com mailtoajauriguejudge.com?subjectJr.20Analyst20Data2FReporting This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com httpwww.judge.com
