Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 14,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Data Control Business Analyst

Job Summary:

We are looking to hire an experienced downstream business analyst to support a hard-working business analyst team IT project execution. The role will work as a business analyst within the compliance track under the Business Solutions Team, specifically supporting AML, Sanctions Transaction Monitoring, Payments, and Cross Border Data Projects. This candidate will provide the analysis and support from BST perspective for respective compliance driven projects or production requests. As a project support analyst, you will need to balance project execution and production support to ensure appropriate deliverables are meant on time and with high quality.

First, you will support back office end users and IT management to help back office organization continually meet compliance production needs. The successful candidate will serve as a centralized back office compliance representative, providing guidance to influence operating decisions to ensure regulatory compliance.

Responsibilities:
As a Business Analyst Lead who interfaces between with business users and IT for collaboration on reporting requirements, support, application improvements and regulatory driven projects
Conduct detail assessment and analysis of Compliance Project requirements, policy, processes and procedures
Ability to conduct /host the large Working Group sessions, document the processes, requirements, derive process maps, create and manage workflows
Experience in training of Relationship Analysts who collaborate with the business units and IT
Development and maintenance of End User policy and procedure and standard methodologies.
Coordination with various business lines and management regarding end user computing to effectively support business function
Strategic execution of Business Solutions supported systems to business line managers and IT for execution, integration and maintenance of compliance
Interact with IT where vital to develop a harmonized compliance solutions
Work with on-site and Off-shore IT to provide business units with compliance requirements
Provide and implement tactical and strategic governance and plan for Compliance environment.
Conduct Proactive reviews of Customer Onboarding Operations related user, customer and control processes to ensure conformance to applicable policy and standards.
Oversight of corrective action plan remediation in relation to AML, Sanctions & Payments across Markets and Securities Services Operations.
Ensuring that significant risks are appropriately and timely identified and intensified through appropriate channels.
Provide analytics and compliance support to the integrated partners

Qualifications
Bachelors degree with a specific focus on Economics, Business, Finance, or Accounting
Prefer Advanced Degree (MBA or Masters)
4 + years of demonstrated ability in corporate banking operations in any capacity (deposit, lending etc.)
Solid Understanding of core banking, AML / Sanctions / Regulatory, Data Analysis, IT Systems
Familiarity with the business offerings of Compliance, Core Banking, Payments, Loans
Track record of delivering to demanding standards of quality and accuracy
Strong organizational skills with ability to multi-task
Document Business Requirements, Functional Requirements, Testing coordination
Proficient in metrics/analytics assessment and reporting
Leading, organizing and prioritizing multiple tasks and responsibilities
Ability to work under tight deadlines and / or unexpected changes
Willingness to question/challenge existing processes and ensure a satisfactory outcome
Superb communication and relationship skills across all management levels
Analytical with attention to detail and strong problem solving skills
Proactive, able to take the lead in devising creative solutions
Efficient teammate
Strong MS Office Suite skills, , MS Visio, JIRA
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
