Description


Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018) with total assets of over $2.9 trillion (106.2 (JPY) as of March 30, 2018) and 150,000 colleagues in more than 50 countries. In the U.S., were 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team thats working to fulfill its vision to be the worlds most trusted financial group.
Summary:

As part of Network Security team, role would be using data analytic and system administration techniques to identify and mitigate risks.

Major Responsibilities:
Coordinating with various business units to certify network security engine policies (e.g. Web gateway rules, Firewall rules).
Reconcile network security engine policies against certified policies.
Monitor and response to unauthorized network security engine policy changes.
Develop and implement data collection, data transformation, data reporting processes.
Analyze and assess network security engine policies data model and metrics to identify risks.
Create, modify, and remove network security engine rulesets.

Qualifications
Have a minimum of 3+ years of experience in technology.
Knowledge and experience extracting, aggregating, transforming and analyzing data.
Knowledge and experience creating and reporting metrics.
Must be able to sustain and operate in fast-paced, team-oriented environment.
Exceptional ability to own and execute
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in Information Security.
Knowledge and experience with visualizing data
Knowledge and experience with rule-based network security platforms (e.g. Secure Web Gateways, Firewalls)
Knowledge of fundamental networking concepts (TCP/IP).
Knowledge and experience with SEIM or log management solutions.
Knowledge and experience with programming language to automate tasks (e.g. Python)
Experience working in financial services industry.
Knowledge and experience with regulatory compliance.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, its the banks policy to only inquire into a candidates criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
