Title: Data Reporting Analyst
Location: Phoenix, AZ 85016
Rate: DOE
Duration: 6+ month contract
A. Overall Purpose Of The Job (Brief description of the primary purpose of this position)
The Digital Data Analyst is responsible for performing accurate, relevant analysis of information related to digital products, including utilization and other descriptive metrics. The Digital Analyst is responsible for ensuring reports, analysis and dashboards are shared with stakeholders, using tools such as Google Analytics, or data stored in internal databases to surface these insights. The surfaced data will enable teams to monitor relevant KPI information in support of strategic aims. The Digital Data Analyst will help establish a framework and tools for improved digital data collection, tracking, reporting, and integration with other data sources.
B. Key Responsibilities (Critical responsibilities and skills of this position, listed in order of importance)
Design complex Ad-hoc reports, queries and dashboards, according to internal requests
Analyze and improve existing digital analysis tool functionality
Serve as subject matter expert on digital insights data
Participate in reviewing and verification of presented business requirements
Provide objective and transparent analysis of digital data, using proven methodologies to identify areas for improvement and opportunities for investment
Work closely with internal stakeholders to identify insight needs and requirements gathering
Create dashboards, reports, ad hoc queries and analysis for endusers
Produce detailed reports identifying key trends and patterns, interpreting the data into practical and useful recommendations to support strategic objectives.
Advanced understanding of digital analysis tools, such as but not limited to Google Analytics, with the ability to explain technical complexities to non-technical colleagues.
Work with colleagues to ensure that tests and tracking are configured correctly for reporting and optimisation
Troubleshoot complex issues and making recommendations for development

C. Job Profile
Required Skills and Knowledge (Brief description of technical knowledge or skills needed to perform the job)
Experience working with digital analysis tools
Ability to create dashboards and reports using various business intelligence toolsets, such as PowerBI, WebFOCUS, Crystal Reports/Business Objects, Tableau, etc.
Ability to use a methodology and process for requirements gathering and development
Strong written & oral communication skills
Experience with digital analytics tools such as Google Analytics, Adobe and Mix Panel
Task management and ability to effectively manage multiple high priority projects
Strong ability to work across departmental teams
Results driven
Experience working with data loads and transformation.
Provide expertise in analysis, design and creation of complex reports and problem resolution.
Extensive experience with setup, testing, documentation, end-user analysis and report design specifications.
SQL skills and ability to develop SQL scripts and queries using T-SQL on MSSQL Server
Required Work Experience (Brief description of the job-related experience needed to perform the job)
3+ years of experience in digital analysis tools
3+ years developing data intensive reports and insights tracking capabilities using tools such as WebFOCUS, Crystal/Business objects, or PowerBI
2+ years of experience working with ETL process, data loads and transformation
2+ years of experience with SQL desired
Required Qualifications (Brief description of the educational background needed to perform the job)
BA or higher
Degree in computer science or related discipline preferred
If qualified and interested, please send your most current resume as a word document to Jason Weinstein at jason.weinstein@mondo.com
