Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Jun 8 2020

Do you have a passion for coding, building visualizations for people to use, tinkering with instruments and an interest in science? Are you interested in pursuing a career at the intersection of science, technology and data science? If so, this position is for you. We are interested in hearing from people who are excited by the possibilities of using software tools to streamline data processes, visualize data and ultimately enable great science. We are looking for people who can:
Understand the science, collaborate with various groups within GSK and enable and support of our data driven approach to science
Help develop dashboards to visualize data and information and self-service dashboard interfaces
Contribute to streamlining and automating data and information flows during experimental studies including creation of ELN templates, information transfer during study setup, data extraction from instrumentation and transferring data to our LIMS
Design and implement robust systems with an eye on long-term maintenance and support
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
B.S. with 4 years experience or M.S. with 1 year of experience in computer science, bioinformatics, computational biology, biomedical engineering, chemical engineering or relevant experience
Experience with Data Visualization Software (dashboard creation and data source management)
Experience in the following languages/tools: Python, Java, Visual Basic, SQL, R, Matlab, Spotfire and Tableau
Relational Databases (working with views, stored procedure and tables) and familiarity with Hadoop and MongoDB.
Experience with agile software development and software version control best practices
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Familiarity interfacing DAQs and instrumentation using Python or Visual Basic
Familiarity with data science tools and concepts
Science or engineering background and interest
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
