Statistician/Data Analyst/SQL Coder - (Can be considered for remote)
Do you you have a passion for analyzing complex data and a SQL Developer? Like working with complex SQL Queries? Are you looking to work for a progressive company that’s always moving toward positive change and growth?
Then read on........
At Matrix Medical Network we think the potential of a company is based on the experiences of everyone who works there. Join our diverse team as our next Statistician/Data Analyst/SQL Coder
The Statistician/Data Analyst/SQL Coder will primarily be responsible for querying and analyzing healthcare information provided by clients for the Business Intelligence and Analytics team. The role requires extensive use of SQL to extract data from varied SQL Server databases and utilizing other analysis tools such as Excel, Tableau and statistical packages to provide meaningful analysis to internal and external customers.

Write SQL code to extract and analyze data from multiple data sources.
Develop data visualizations using Tableau or similar tool
Connect to data sources and databases with various architectures and features
Track, analyze and interpret data trends and provide relevant conclusions and recommendations to management
Maintain a thorough understanding of the business process flows and identify and report opportunities for improvement
Identify, report, and participate in data issue validation and resolution
Create forecasts and identify trends and opportunities
Work directly with department leaders to review, enhance and implement, daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly monitoring and reporting to track program performance
Other duties as assigned.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Analytics or related field; or equivalent experience
Required Skills and Abilities:
3-5+ years SQL Server experience including developing complex queries in a SQL Server environment.
Strong analytical skills with 5+ years data analysis experience.
Experience with T-SQL, stored procedures, functions, common table expressions (CTE).
Strong ability in math and computer science
Strong proficiency with SQL Server, Excel and Tableau or similar tool
Knowledge of statistical concepts preferred (regression, correlation, analysis of variance, etc.)
Aptitude for understanding business environment and translating business requirements to technical solutions.
Ability to handle multiple tasks with high attention to detail, as well as perform duties under minimal supervision is a must.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) and ability to develop and maintain strong working relationships with business partners.
Knowledge and experience in a healthcare environment involving claims management and coding preferred.
**Must have 5 plus years strong data business analytics/analysis, statistical and forecasting background. Requires 5 plus years strong SQL server database, writing SQL code, T-SQL, CTE and working with very complex SQL queries experience to be considered**
Type: Full Time Data Analyst, Sr
Location: Scottsdale Office
Hours: Monday-Friday 8:00-5:00 - Flexible
Matrix Medical Network is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Scottsdale, AZ 85258. Primary Location: Scottsdale, AZ 85258. Job: IT— Data Analyst, Sr. Regular Shift. Full-time Job Level: Day Job, Travel, Monday, Friday. No weekend hours. Job, IT Data Analyst, Sr, Full-Time, Regular, Job Type, Standard, Travel, Pay, Regular Hours.
