Edupoint Educational Systems, a Leader in K-12 Software Innovation and a "Top Companies to Work For" recipient is currently seeking a SQL Data Analyst to join our growing team of professionals in the Instructional Applications department. This position will focus on building advanced Analytics reports and dashboards to support our Analytics Product.

This opportunity is available in Mesa, AZ. If you enjoy working with a dynamic team and would enjoy working in the K-12 industry, we want to hear from you!

We offer a Comprehensive Package to include generous Paid Time Off, excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage, life insurance, short- and long-term disability, wellness programs, 401K with immediate vesting opportunities among other fun perks.

Job Summary:

The SQL Data Analyst with primarily focus on building advanced Analytics reports and dashboards to support our Analytics Product.

Job Duties:
Work in a project team consisting of subject matter experts, project managers, product leaders and clients to define and document business and technical requirements for district dashboards and data analysis needs with Analytics and MTSS/Early Warning System.
Using SQL, develop queries to analyze datasets, validate their quality and ensure queries perform under extreme data load.
Using creative skills and Edupoint standards, develop data visualizations using a multitude of chart options, groupings, drill-downs, pivots, aggregations, and more.
When appropriate, communicate with customers via phone calls, emails, and remote computer sessions.
Job Requirements-Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
Advanced knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL)
3+ years using SQL to aggregate, gather, and manipulate data.
Excellent analytical skills related to the development of report specification, data reporting, and data modeling
Transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, charts, drill-downs, and pivotable data.
Ability to gather and analyze data, reason logically, draw valid conclusions and make appropriate concise information and recommendations available in both oral and written forms
Some Experience with reports design tools like DevExpress, ActiveReports, or SSRS.
Analytical, result driven with high attention to detail.
Self-starter, quick learner, problem-solver and someone who enjoys challenges.
Accomplish targeted performance objectives with a positive and can-do attitude.
Must be a team player.
Education and/or Experience:
High School Diploma.
Bachelor's Degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent technical expertise desirable.
Typical Physical Demands and Work Environment:

Work may require sitting for long periods of time; also stooping, bending and stretching for files and supplies, occasionally lifting files, objects or paper weighing up to 30 pounds. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate a keyboard, telephone, copier, and other office equipment as necessary. Hearing must be in the normal range for telephone and video conferencing contacts. Visual acuity necessary to work extended hours on computer screens. Ability to work in an environment with moderate noise and can be fast-paced and project intensive.

Company Disclaimer:

The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the employer.

Edupoint Educational Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
