Financial and Data Analyst

Our award-winning Financial Reporting team is looking for an energetic professional who possess strong technical and practical problem-solving skills to deliver creative solutions in the course of demanding client engagements of many varieties. Ideal candidate enjoys problem solving, aspires to create genuine impact to clients, and appreciates working through technical data and finance issues. Successful professionals at Equity Methods are analytical, resourceful, low on politics, and high on impact.

With over 80 professionals and experience serving hundreds of publicly traded clients (including 35 Fortune 100 companies), Equity Methods seeks to combine the best of a large professional services firm with the best of an entrepreneurial, technology-enabled company. We work hard in the quest to have high impact and deliver exemplary client service that supports our client retention and overall growth story. We have consistently been rated a Top Company to Work for in Arizona.

About the Successful Candidate

You built a reputation as someone who loves problem-solving and learning. You learn quickly, and you enjoy the challenge of doing so. You think about your career and hope to find a home where you can make a genuine impact and see a link between your effort and the firm’s performance. Teammates view you as someone who moves quickly and follows through on your commitments.

In short, you’re analytical, low on politics, and high on impact.

Typical Qualifications:
Bachelors or Masters in finance, accounting, economics, or a related discipline with analytical focus.
1 – 4 years of experience in a financial data analysis, finance, financial reporting, audit or advisory.
Expertise and experience in manipulating, analyzing and managing data to create meaningful and insightful reports to finance professionals and business leaders.
Ability and willingness to think critically and solve “out-of-the-box” problems independently.
Creativity in engineering processes from both a controls and efficiency perspective.
Maturity in internal/external communication and time management.
Desirable: Exposure to database design principles, SAS or another programming language for high-volume data handling.
Desirable: CPA license or CPA candidacy; CFA or other similar pursuits also welcomed
The Financial and Data Analyst Role

As a financial and data analyst at Equity Methods, you will have an immediate opportunity to begin applying the skills you acquire in training to client work. You will then gain exposure to client data processes, engagement structures, project deliverables, and how we engineer well-controlled algorithms to reduce risk and drive automation. As your career progresses, you will begin interacting with clients, mastering the theory behind our reporting areas, leading reengineering efforts, supporting new client implementations, and more.

More specific roles and responsibilities include:
Supporting ongoing financial reporting engagements, by learning the inner workings of client processes, what purposes they serve, and how they address client needs.
Performing budgeting/forecasting and scenario modeling to assist in clients’ external guidance and internal business decisions.
Preparing flux analysis dashboard to explain compensation cost trend and various types of variances.
Preparing presentation and audit materials for client delivery meetings and external audit review sessions.
Developing programming skills. You’ll complete assigned exercises and engage in self-directed practice to develop the skills necessary to understand and build processes in our technology environment.
Designing, implementing, documenting, and troubleshooting processes in order to proactively manage risk and inject thoughtful control measures to ensure adherence with plan specifications and client’s needs.
Support in various practice initiatives related to service innovation, risk management, process reengineering, and industry thought leadership research.
Financial and data analysts will be supported by leaders of the practice in an effort to train and develop skills related to engagement management early in their careers.

Can start remotely due to COVID-19
