Overview

Position : Data Governance Analyst

Location : Scottsdale, AZ

Duration : 18 Months

Top Three Skills:

1. Driving Data Governance for the program

2. Data Validation and Business Rules

3. Analysis/Data Quality

Job Description:

A data governance analyst performs a variety of tasks related to governance policies, process and standards. A data governance analyst will be responsible for data definitions, root cause analysis of data issues, reference data management, and mitigation of downstream impacts associated with a project/program. A data governance analyst will approve data exceptions and data quality metrics.

Required Experience/Skills

1. Experience with Insurance or Financial Services preferred

2. Working with business decision making models

3. Data centric with a passion toward data including, data quality issue resolution, defining business definitions, enforcement of data governance policies, process, and standards, and experience working with multiple partners to ensure data quality

4. Data Governance – Acted as a data governance professional, data steward, data custodian, or other data role

5. Data Analysis – Experience as data analyst in one of the following situations:

a. Analytically Intensive – Intended to confirm the common understanding of the data.

b. Operationally Data Intensive – Intended to approve authoritative data sources that are essential to core transactional processing

c. Data Integration Intensive – Intended to confirm the common understanding data being integrated and mitigate downstream impacts

1. Taxonomy – Term definitions, hierarchy and metadata

2. Communication – Facilitator, influencing, negotiation and building partnerships between teams or business units.

3. Experience with different applications to effectively present the findings whether it is through use of charts, graphs or specialized tools.

4. 5+ years in data governance analysis with experience listed above. Above plus demonstrated leadership, communication and influencing skills relative to program and organizational level efforts.
