Job Description
Card Data Analyst

HIGHLIGHTS
Location: Tempe, AZ
Position Type: Direct Hire
Hourly / Salary: BOE
Residency Status: US Citizen or Green Card Holder ONLY
ONSITE ONLY

Our client is look for a Card Data Analyst to join their team!

Job Description

The core responsibilities of this position are to conduct the data / reporting analytics for underwriting the bank commercial cards and managing the portfolio efficiently: score card / risk model development to predict commercial card performance; automation enhancement for credit decisioning and execution; proper and timely data reports of portfolio management. Key to this role is the ability to creatively develop dashboard and tools to enhance automation and reporting through leveraging the current banking data and expanding the data sources /analytics, monitor the BCC card portfolio performance timely to mitigate the portfolio credit risk while helping drive card revenue growth.

Qualifications

This individual will apply industry knowledge and subject matter expertise to effectively perform the following:
Provide in-depth credit worthiness assessment on business credit card portfolio through developing score card, risk model and algorithms to predict commercial card performance.
Data analytics and symmetrical review to enhance the automation capability / procedure of our card offer underwriting / portfolio management
Monitor both the business credit card portfolios’ credit improvement /deterioration to take risk action proactively. Provide meaningful data analytics on card fraud management and timely execution
Work with all business partners (IT, vendors, Data Analytics Team) to build, maintain card dashboard
Expectations
The role is expected to conduct commercial data daily analytics and is expected to operate independently within the oversight of the Card Product Analytics Directors.
Data management, commercial card credit analysis and excellent communication skills are required to be successful in this role.
This individual will also need to develop strong internal relationships and work closely in partnership with IT, Data Analytics, Credit Administration, Card Product, and Payment Operation.
The right individual will have both influence and exposure to the Credit and Payment Leadership Team.
The position requires deep expertise in data analytics of commercial loan portfolio management, particularly over small business credit card portfolios.
Experience in underwriting / managing business credit card portfolio is a plus.
Understanding the venture capital / start up ecosystem is a plus.
BS/BA Degree in Finance, Accounting, Statistics, Math or Economics with 3+ year direct work experience in data analytics on commercial card portfolio.
Demonstrated expertise in commercial credit data management and reporting are required. Master’ s degree is a plus.
Prefer deep experience on data management in deferent data systems, especially commercial card systems (FD, TSYS, etc.)
Demonstrated proficiency working with computers and Microsoft Office applications (specifically, Outlook, Excel, Visio, Word, and PowerPoint).
"We are GTN – The Go To Network"
