We create great places and the connections that get people and goods moving-whether by car, bus, train, plane, or their own two feet. Working within the context of the communities we serve, we provide planning, engineering, and infrastructure management services that fit the needs of our clients and improve the overall transportation experience. Join our team and help us keep communities connected.

Your Opportunity

An opportunity is available for a Junior Civil Engineer, Civil Engineer-in-Training (EIT) or a GIS data analyst to join our Infrastructure Management and Pavement Engineering (IMPE) team in Phoenix, AZ. We are looking to fill this position as soon as the right candidate is found. This position may involve field work and travelling within the US. Specialized training will be provided to the successful applicant. To be considered for this opportunity, applicants must have a bachelor's degree from an accredited post-secondary institution majoring in a civil/transportation engineering program, GIS or a related field.

With a big company comes big opportunities! Joining Stantec's IMPE team will allow the successful candidate to experience a wide range of office and field learning opportunities in the transportation engineering practice.

Your Key Responsibilities
Assist with report writing and conduct literature reviews.
Assist Project Managers, with data analysis, Quality Control/Assurance of pavement performance data.
Collect pavement investigation information, pavement performance data, material sampling, and other field activities.
Organize and manage field and spatial data to ensure quality and consistency.
Analyze pavement investigation information, pavement performance data, material sampling, and climatic data.
Keep detailed project records and be responsible for organizing your work in the office and field.
Your Capabilities and Credentials
GIS knowledge and hands-on experience is essential for this job.
As the successful candidate, you have a sound technical infrastructure (roadways and geotechnical) background and are willing to take on a diversity of tasks which may include both field and office work.
An understanding of transportation engineering, and more specifically pavement materials and pavement assessment procedures, would be an asset alongside previous experience with geotechnical investigations and/or pavement data collection.
Pavement Management System (PMS) experience is desirable but not a must.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, along with excellent interpersonal abilities.
Be able to demonstrate a strong working proficiency with the Windows operating system and Microsoft Office products.
Education and Experience

Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Civil Engineering or related field

Licensed Professional Engineer a plus. Minimum of 2-3 years of experience.

Position will primarily work in an office setting; may require some field work.

This description is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that may be required of the employee and other duties, responsibilities and activities may be assigned or may be changed at any time with or without notice.

Stantec is a place where the best and brightest come to build on each other's talents, do exciting work, and make an impact on the world around us. Join us and redefine your personal best.

Job: Civil Engineer

Primary Location: United States-Arizona-Chandler

Employee Status: Regular

Job Level: Individual Contributor

Travel: Yes, 20 % of the Time

Schedule: Full-time

Req ID: 200000D0
