Data Analyst, Data & Analytics (Advanced Analytics) Manager (Multiple Positions), Ernst & Young U.S. LLP, Philadelphia, PA.Provide data analytics services to help clients solve business problems, drive value, and gain strategy and insight from information.? Use advanced data analysis techniques that leverage technology to process large volumes of data to perform complex computations in a scalable, reproducible and automated manner. Support information intelligence, including the collection, storage, usage and quality of information. Work as a key member of a team to implement integrated enterprise-wide reporting solutions for data transformation and delivery. Perform data analytics to help solve business challenges and achieve data automation, reconciliation, traceability, lineage and transparency. Use data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate data to drive business insights around technology enablement, digital transformation and enterprise intelligence.Manage and motivate teams with diverse skills and backgrounds. Consistently deliver quality client services by monitoring progress. Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Maintain long-term client relationships and networks. Cultivate business development opportunities.Full time employment, Monday - Friday, 40 hours per week, 8:30 am - 5:30 pm.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate related work experience; or a Master's degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering or a related field and 4 years of related work experience.Must have 4 years of experience providing advisory or consulting services, including helping clients achieve transformational value by improving performance through the use of advanced analytics solutions.Must have 4 years of recent hands-on experience using advanced analytics, machine learning or artificial intelligence to solve business problems.Must have 2 years of experience managing a team of consulting professionals, providing regular status updates, monitoring project economics and managing client relationships.Must have 3 years of recent hands-on programming experience in at least 2 of the following: R, Python, SAS, SPSS, or TensorFlow.Must have 3 years of recent hands-on experience with SQL programming and Data Visualization skills using Tableau, Power BI, Spotfire, or D3.js.Travel required up to 80%, of which 20% may be international, to meet client needs.Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at ey.com/en_us/careers, and click on "Find jobs" (Job Number - PHI00400).EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a "United States worker" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feel free to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a "U.S. worker".
