Overview
goPuff is a high-growth startup that is revolutionizing hyper-local e-commerce. We warehouse and deliver thousands of products to your door super fast. We're currently operating in over 100 markets within the US and expanding quickly.
Love data? Love to make a huge impact? As the Data Analyst for Data Science, you’ll bring your passion, energy, and elite analytical talents to a variety of business challenges - such as optimizing the forecasting capabilities through exploratory analyses, feature engineering, and model selection. You will not only build out dynamic dashboards and constantly look for opportunities to employ automation, but you’ll also present actionable recommendations - both strategic and tactical - to unlock data science opportunities. You’ll partner closely with our Data Science, Data Analytics, and Forecasting teams to help them identify new opportunities and ideas to constantly improve performance of data science products.
We’re looking for a problem-solver and doer. This is a newly created role within our full-stack Data & Analytics team that is designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact on our company’s rapid growth.

Responsibilities
Responsibilities
Be the resident data expert embedded with our business partners on the Forecasting and Product teams
Obtain a holistic understanding of business drivers and conduct analytical deep-dives into candidate models, feature importance, customer behaviors, and other variables that affect performance to identify opportunities to enhance model performance
Embrace an ownership mindset, taking new ideas from concepts to full-scale implementations
Collaborate with internal partners to gather project requirements and translate those requirements into data product specs that will ultimately drive game-changing improvements for our customers and internal stakeholders
Build out automated reports and dashboards to help assess and understand business drivers and customer behaviors
Partner with Analytics and Data Science team members and other functions to share insights and best practices, ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org
Drive innovation within the Analytics and Data Science team - as well as the broader organization
Own data accuracy and integrity for your area
Qualifications
Requirements
3+ years of relevant work experience in data analytics and business intelligence
Degree in Business, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or other quantitative discipline
Expert in SQL
Expert in hands-on development in BI Platforms (Looker preferred, Tableau, PeriscopeData, etc)
Experience in and familiarity with statistical modeling (in Python or R)
Knowledge of machine learning, data science, and predictive modeling concepts
Experience with distributed databases such as Redshift, Vertica, Hadoop (Hive)
Experience and strong knowledge in data warehousing concepts, big data technologies, and analytics platforms
Experience with command line tools and version control for collaborative development
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Top notch organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back
About Us

The only predictable thing about life is that it’s wildly unpredictable. That’s where we come in.

When life does what it does best, customers turn to goPuff to deliver their everyday essentials, and to get through their day & night, work day and weekend.

We’re assembling a team of thinkers, dreamers & risk-takers...the kind of people who know the value of peace of mind in an unpredictable world. (And people who love snacks.)

Like what you’re hearing? Welcome to goPuff.

The goPuff Fam is committed to an inclusive workplace where we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, gender, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or familial status, age, ancestry, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. We believe in diversity and encourage any qualified individual to apply. We are an equal employment opportunity employer.
