University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Neuroimaging Data Analyst Junior

Job Profile Title

Programmer Junior

Job Description Summary

Neuroimaging Data Analyst JuniorThe Psychiatric and Developmental Neuroimaging Laboratory is part of the Department of Psychiatry, the Neurodevelopment & Psychosis Section, and the Lifespan Brain Institute (LiBI). Our goal is to delineate normal brain maturation and understand how abnormalities of development give rise to psychiatric symptoms. To do this, we leverage advanced multi-modal MRI imaging. The Neuroimaging Data Analyst Junior will provide support for managing and analyzing data. See our lab website at www.satterthwaitelab.com for more details.

Job Description

The Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest and one of the finest medical schools in the United States. Penn is rich in tradition and heritage and at the same time consistently at the forefront of new developments and innovations in medical education and research. Since its founding in 1765 the School has been a strong presence in the community and prides itself on educating the leaders of tomorrow in patient care, biomedical research, and medical education. http://www.med.upenn.edu/.

Neuroimaging Data Analyst Junior

The Neuroimaging Data Analyst Junior provides support for managing and analyzing neuroimaging data. Analysts play a central role on large-scale projects that seek to understand brain development and the biological basis of mental illness. Within these projects, they work in a team environment with a diverse, multi-disciplinary group of faculty and trainees from psychiatry, psychology engineering, statistics, and computer science. Primary responsibilities include management, processing, and analysis of high-dimensional imaging data. Additional responsibilities will be assigned based on the successful candidate's skills and interests. All analysts additionally lead independent projects (i.e., meta-analyses of neuroimaging studies) where they write first-author manuscripts.

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree and 0-1 year experience or equivalent combination of education and experience required. The ideal candidate has a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Engineering, Statistics, or Computational Neuroscience, 1-2 years of research experience (preferred). To succeed in the highly collaborative environment, excellent interpersonal and communication skills are required. Program and data analysis skills are strongly preferred, including Python, linux/bash, and R. Experience with neuroimaging tools (SPM, AFNI, FSL) is preferred but not required.

Background check required. Position contingent on funding.

Working ConditionsOffice, Library, Computer Room; Requires extensive safetyPhysical EffortTypically sitting at a desk or table; Occasional lifting 25 lb. or less

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$20.00 - $36.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
