Title: Data Strategy Analyst
Location: 100% REMOTE (after Covid in Wilmington, DE, 2 days a week to start off, then 3 remote...down the line 1 day in the office a week)
Duration: 6 Month Contract to Hire - MUST BE A US CITIZEN!!
Start: ASAP
Interview Process: Skype Interview
Must haves:
SAS
SQL
Financial Services
Data Strategy/Analysis
Bachelor's Degree
Job Description:
3+ years of data analysis and strategy
2+ with SAS or SQL (Some people say they have SAS/SQL to move things from one thing to another, needs to be analytical and analyze data in ways that are not obvious)
Tableau (preferred)
Student loans or financial experience
Bachelors
Very analytical
Detail oriented
Good communication skills
Modeling experience within SAS, R or Python) - (Nice to have)
Presenting to clients
Analyzing borrowers data (student loans) and they support servicing call center and collections (ongoing). Optimizing strategy, become more efficient, customer friendly.
Understanding borrower contacts (touch points) and how they interact with customers with different channels (website, letters, emails, calls, etc) and how they can optimize this experience
JOB SUMMARY: Provide a brief executive summary of overall job functions, responsibilities and skill level.

The Sr. Strategy Analyst is responsible for supporting the collections and servicing call center with reporting, strategy enhancements, strategy development, model testing, implementation, validation and other ad hoc analytics. The candidate should be proficient in writing code using analytic tools such as SAS and SQL and be able to provide management with strategic insights using data visualization tools such as Tableau. This analyst will be required to build relationships across the organization as well as within their immediate business area to gain support and increase speed of execution of new strategies. Tasks will include, but are not limited to: reporting and analysis on portfolio trends, performance metrics, strategy performance, development of new business tools, creation of segmentation strategies, etc.

The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) prohibits discrimination by employers, in compensation and employment opportunities, against qualified individuals with disabilities who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform the "essential functions of a job. A function may be essential for any of several reasons, including: the job exists to perform that function, the employee holding the job was hired for his/her expertise in performing the function, or only a limited number of employees are available to perform that function.

Essential Job Functions % of Time for Each Function

List at least five major functional areas of responsibility (such as Personnel Management, Analysis/Reporting, Project Work, Customer Service, Budgetary Responsibilities, etc.) in descending order of importance. Within each function, specify more basic tasks that compose the function.
Strategy Development 25%
a. Create models and strategies to achieve business goals such as improved collection efforts, increased productivity, improved customer experience, etc.
b. Liaison with operations for strategy development, implementation and post implementation feedback.
c. Monitor strategy performance and communicate results in a timely manner.
Strategic Insights 25%
a. Use data mining techniques to continually search for trends and other insights which might be useful to the business leaders.
b. Apply visualizations so that the end-product is always clear, concise, and user friendly.
Ad Hoc Analysis 25%
a. Respond to requests for data and analytics needed by senior management team.
b. Assist with developing analytics which support operational changes.
Portfolio Analysis 25%
a. Analyze portfolio performance by combination of variables and metrics.
b. Understand the true drivers of operations strategy and decision making.

If qualified and interested, please send your most current resume as a word document to Jason Weinstein at jason.weinstein@mondo.com
