LOC_COLKET-Colket Translational Research Req ID: 64961

Shift: Days

Employment Status: Regular - Full Time
Job Summary
Thank you for your interest in the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment process for this position has been placed ON HOLD. If you would still like to be considered for the role, you may apply to this position. When the status of the position returns to active, and if your resume is selected for a department interview, you will be notified. Thank you for considering CHOP. Our appreciation is sincere, knowing your talent is very valued.

The senior data analyst is passionate about healthcare delivery in a patient care setting. A successful candidate is articulate, analytical, and a team player who understands the power of data in clinical settings. The analyst enjoys coordinating with interdisciplinary teams to create end to end solutions for improving operational and clinical decision making. S/he learns quickly, works independently, and is relentless in overcoming technical, process, and organizational obstacles.

The senior analyst will join the Analytics and Reporting team in the Center for Healthcare Quality and Analytics and will be responsible for empowering users with data across the institution, providing a unique blend of clinical, technical, and analytical expertise. The team works with multiple groups within the organization to improve clinical quality, improve patient safety and streamline operations. The team combines business knowledge with technology to empower decision makers and believes that analytics and data can improve outcomes, optimize processes, and reduce costs. The team is looking for creative problem solvers who are excited about joining a collaborative team with a big impact.

The senior data analyst will be staffed to lead high-profile projects and will be a reliable expert in translating clinical and business requirements into meaningful analysis. The individual will need to build relationships with key stakeholders, be an expert in multiple data sources, and implement sustainable solutions. S/he should bring project management experience and share best practices with the team. The analyst must be comfortable with mentorship and leading team development and skill development efforts.
Job Responsibilities
1. Individual Contributor
Guides clinical teams and business stakeholders on large scope projects: gathering requirements, developing metrics, retrieving data, and ensuring validity of results
Utilizes advanced analytical and/or statistical ability to evaluate data, and make judgments and recommendations regarding process and outcome improvement work, including: resource utilization, physician practice patterns, and clinical pathway effectiveness.
Proposes and creates innovative and appropriate data solutions (dashboards, reports, business intelligence tools, etc) for the measurement of processes and outcomes
Advises on new data models, testing frameworks, and documentation practices
Demonstrates excellent presentation and communication skills to share findings in an understandable and actionable manner tailored to audience and customer's needs
2. Project Management
Responsible for the coordination and completion of assigned projects, including project definition, assignment of task responsibilities, setting deadlines, and all other aspects of project management.
Independently identifies and works to remediate project obstacles
3. Leadership
Identifies, defines, and implements new data-driven strategies and processes for the organization.
Communicates work plans, progress, findings and interpretations effectively with a continual focus on educating and developing analytic capability of business customers and the organization overall.
Trains and mentors team members
Develops a “trusted advisor” reputation through expertise in data
Required Education and Experience
Required Education:

Bachelor’s degree

Required Experience:

Five (5) years of experience in analytics / business intelligence
Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic
Preferred Education:

Master’s degree in biostatistics, epidemiology, health services research, economics, quantitative science

Preferred Experience:

Six (6) years of experience in analytics / business intelligence
Additional Technical Requirements
Experience in at least one computer programming language or analytical programming language (R, Python, SAS, etc)
Experience with data visualization tools preferred (Tableau, Qlik, etc)
Experience with SQL
Knowledge of relational database structures
Understanding of data flows, conceptual knowledge of ETL
Experience in project management

All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer).

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions.

CHOP Careers Contact

Talent Acquisition

2716 South Street, 6th Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19146

Phone: 866-820-9288

Email:TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
