University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Senior Data Analyst

Job Profile Title

Data Analyst Senior

Job Description Summary

The Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest and one of the finest medical schools in the United States. Penn is rich in tradition and heritage and at the same time consistently at the forefront of new developments and innovations in medical education and research. Since its founding in 1765 the School has been a strong presence in the community and prides itself on educating the leaders of tomorrow in patient care, biomedical research, and medical education. http://www.med.upenn.edu/

Job Description

DUTIES:

Will be responsible for custom algorithm and software design, development, testing, maintenance, application, and documentation of artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and visual analytics (VA) for the Computational Genetics Laboratory (epistasis.org).

Work with investigators and team members to apply AI, ML, and VA methods and applications to the analysis of biomedical big data.

Independently designs, implements, tests, deploys, documents, and maintains AI, ML, and VA algorithms, applications, analysis pipelines, and results reporting methodologies.

Work with investigators and team members to apply AI, ML, and VA analysis methods and software to clinical and biomedical data.

Conducts training on the use of AI, ML, and VA analysis methods and software.

Maintains knowledge of cutting-edge methods and best practices for computational and statistical analysis of complex data.

Additional duties as necessary

QUALIFICATIONS:

M.S. or Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science and 3-5 years of computer programming and software engineering experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience is requiredHighly competent in Python programming language required

Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning a plus

Experience with data science a plus

Experience with information visualization, scientific visualization, or visual analytics a plus

Experience with high-performance computing a plus

Experience with biomedical research a plus

Experience with several programming languages including HTML5, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, Perl, R, and/or Python required

Experience with GitHub for version control a plus

Experience with Linux, Windows, and Mac OS operating systems required

Ability to work with a software development team using formal software development methods

Ability to work independently and apply critical thinking and sound judgment

Excellent organizational and time management skills

Ability to communicate effectively with team members

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$72,837.00 - $205,981.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
