Our Wayne, PA based client is hiring a Data Governance Analyst. This is a full time position with a competitive salary and benefits. Qualified candidates should send their resume (Word Format) along with salary requirements to Harold Miller at hmillergenuent.com As a Data Governance Analyst, you will be responsible for managing processes and reporting deliverables supporting Risk Management, Audit, Operations, and Basel Compliancy for the Reporting Analysis Center of Excellence team. The analyst will be asked to liaise directly and independently with various functions in the organization to support Data Management and Governance initiatives. The analyst will also be asked to provide data and business analysis skills, on a daily basis, to support data projects. Provide Overall Support to Data Management, Business Intelligence, and Data Governance processes for entire U.S. portfolio Data Quality and Analysis Tasks for US Portfolio Administer and support Data Quality issue remediation tracking for U.S. Portfolio. Support development of US Data Quality remediation monitoring and prevention process and implementation. Develop and enforce data policies and process improvements to support data integrity. Support the Global Data Warehouse and Governance processes by providing analysis of contract-level risk, finance, and liquidity data points for data quality improvement and new data extract development. Utilize SQL, Excel, and Qlik to validate, test, and perform analysis on data feeds for regulatory reporting on a daily basis. Data Governance and Business Analysis Tasks for US Portfolio Enhance data governance awareness and communication through U.S. Organization. Leverage business analysis abilities to translate business and technical requirements into usable documentation to support data governance initiatives. Utilize Visio skills to document data lineage, architecture, and business processes to support Data Governance and Management initiatives. Support organizational adherence and commitment to processes and procedures outlined in the Target Operating Model for the Data Management Business Intelligence Basel Compliancy effort. Profile 3 + years of experience specific to the Financial Services and more specifically the Leasing industry is preferred Bachelor's degree required 3 + years data analysis experience is preferred Ability to build partnerships with members from a variety of disciplines to achieve mutually agreed upon outcomes focused on improving future processes Experience with Federal Reserve or any other mandatory banking requirements preferred Any experience with Finance and Accounting procedures is preferred Strong technical abilities preferred to liaise with IT to articulate, modify and approve technical project requirements Experience validating data independently to arrive at actionable conclusions Ability to manage multiple deliverables to achieve agreed upon deadlines Strong analytical, organization, and communication skills
