Job Description
Job Summary: The Data Analyst will initiate, support and maintain processes of automated data into the data warehouse at AccessLex. Conduct full data lifecycle analysis; engaging the business in requirements gathering, complete analysis of project data, drafting and developing solution design, of reporting\data resolution. Continuous monitoring of performance and quality control programs to identify improvements.

Responsibilities and Duties:

· Collaborate with business and development community to understand data requirements.

· Work with various customer groups to develop the business data access layer across various business intelligence products.

· Develop and implement technical designs of data reports and models in support of business requirements.

· Develop and implement technical designs of data integration processes and models in support of business requirements.

· Assist in gathering and defining business and technical metadata in support of projects.

· Collect and document business requirements in support of all Business Intelligence (BI) initiatives.

· Develop and deliver training materials in support of delivered BI applications.

· Educate business owners of available data as well as any limitations.

· Continuous review, update and adherence to data governance policies.

· Other duties as assigned.

Candidate Requirements:

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs) – Things a candidate should know and/or a skill or ability he or she should possess to be successful in the role.

o Required
Excellent interpersonal and communications skills. Job requires the ability to work hand in hand with customers, facilitating meetings, preparing written documents and communication, and the ability to develop detailed requirements for reporting and analysis applications.
Proven analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong attention to data validation and data quality requirements.
2+ years’ experience writing TSQL, views, and stored procedures, with the ability to learn other analytic tools.
Adept at report writing and presenting findings.
Strong knowledge of database design and data models.
Familiarity with cloud-based data platforms and tools.
o Preferred
Experience with Microsoft Business Intelligence suite of products, including Integration Services, Reporting Services and Analysis Services.
Experience with dashboarding software such as Power BI or QLIK
Knowledge of creating APIs.
o BACKGROUND Experiences.The following are required unless otherwise noted:
BS/BA in Business Administration, Computer Science,or similar related field.
Minimum 2 years of related experience in a similar role.
Thorough knowledge of a broad range of business and technology issues.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: AccessLex Institute provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.
Company Description
AccessLex Institute is a nonprofit organization committed to helping talented, purpose-driven students find their path from aspiring lawyer to fulfilled professional. In partnership with its nearly 200 Member law schools, improving access and positively influencing legal education have been at the heart of the Company's mission since 1983. AccessLex Institute has offices in West Chester, PA, and Washington, D.C., with a team of accredited financial education counselors based throughout the United States. Learn more at AccessLex.org.
