University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Data Analyst D

Job Profile Title

Data Analyst D

Job Description Summary

The Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest and one of the finest medical schools in the United States. Penn is rich in tradition and heritage and at the same time consistently at the forefront of new developments and innovations in medical education and research. Since its founding in 1765 the School has been a strong presence in the community and prides itself on educating the leaders of tomorrow in patient care, biomedical research, and medical education. http://www.med.upenn.edu/

Job Description

Data Analyst D

Provide institutional central support to data management process development and documentation across the Perelman School of Medicine (PSOM). Lead, with IT counterparts, the school wide implementation of the a new electronic data capture system (EDC) to support clinical trials in PSOM. Provide guidance and management with respect to case report form design and overall EDC CRF library management across institution. Manage platform change control documentation and lead user acceptance testing for the system. Lead integration between EDC platform and EHR- specifications around interoperability, vet clinical research studies where this integration would be appropriate. Conducts regulatory compliance assessment to determine platform needs based on proposed research project descriptions (EDC vs. EDC not necessary).

Develop training curriculum & training materials. Conduct training. Manage the LMS assignments and track training

Manage access and provisioning to EDC. Create and provide work instructions for EDC use. Develop and maintain tools - case report form completion guidelines and manual of procedures.

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree and 3-5 years experience or equivlent combination of education and experience required.

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$59,703.00 - $168,837.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
