Position Description:

Summary:

We are looking for someone who can work with large datasets, comfortable querying in relational database management systems or business intelligence tools. The individual in this role should be proficient in Excel (intermediate or higher) where they can work with multiple criteria lookups, nested logical/IF formulas, basic knowledge of array formulas and how it works, data cleansing, and pivot tables. They will be responsible for monitoring KPIs and gathering necessary information and data to provide various analysis for call center needs. Must be able to identify and expedite issues through the proper channels. Working knowledge of SAS or SQL or Qlikview is highly valued.

Hours of Work: Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. - 6 p.m.

Essential Job Functions:
Provide intraday, daily, weekly, and monthly reporting and analysis on KPIs to further illustrate performance.
Analyze & report on key call center metrics to gauge trends and forecast performance.
Determines financial performances by comparing and analyzing forecasts and budget with actual results.
Prepare monthly performance reporting by division/department showing financial impact.
Performs compensation analysis, calculate variable compensation for different departments within call center according to the plans, benchmarking and administration of various compensation processes
Assist with the development and maintenance of compensation data, tables, and other related processes
Deliver compensation analysis providing insight and analysis on trends to drive more informed business decisions
Be able to explain pay differences found and partner with other teams on approach to address concerns
Identify major incidents as they happen and work with business partners to address and correct them.
Track events that will either hinder or increase KPIs.
Work with leaders to effectively deploy and analyze initiatives.
Create and maintain documentation regarding all analysis and reporting.
Support the creation of strategic initiatives in a fast paced environment with rigorous statistical analysis
Supervisory Responsibilities:

This job has no supervisory responsibilities.

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
1-3 years’ experience in Analytics, preferably in a fast-paced call center environment.
Bachelor’s degree preferred in analytics, statistics, finance, or any analytical or engineering related fields, and/or 2 plus years relevant work experience.
Proficiency with financial modeling and data analysis
Ability to analyze quantitative and qualitative information and translate into strategic deliverables
Proficiency with Microsoft Office tools (Excel, PowerPoint, Word etc.)
Ability and willingness to learn new software applications.
Skills in complex problem solving, judgment, critical thinking and decision making.
Ability to be highly organized with an emphasis on accuracy and timeliness.
Ability to organize information and have attention to detail and accurately follow procedures.
Ability to work alone with minimum supervision and with others in a team environment, occasionally under time pressure and on several tasks at the same time.
Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing with co-workers, management team, and other departments within the organization.
Desired skills but not necessary:
Working knowledge of SAS, SQL, Power BI, SAP Business Objects or similar relational databases.
Demonstrate analytical skills in data mining, data manipulation, report development and visualization
Prior Project Management experience a plus
Knowledge of the mortgage industry
#CB
#GD
#LI-BH1

Founded in Mount Laurel, NJ in 1990, Freedom Mortgage has since grown into one of the largest and fastest-growing privately owned full-service residential lenders in the USA. Licensed in all 50 states, Washington D.C., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, Freedom Mortgage has over 5000 employees nationwide, proudly servicing $225.6 billion, and is still growing.

Our mission is to foster homeownership in America. Freedom is a leader in VA mortgage lending and is one of the mortgage industry’s largest philanthropic supporters of the USO and military families through its Team Freedom Cares philanthropic arm.

Locations include suburban Philadelphia and Fishers, IN, two regions where we were named Top Workplaces. We also have large operating centers countrywide, including these desirable markets: Beaverton , OR; Boca Raton, FL; Columbia, MD; Jacksonville, FL; Melville, NY; Plano, TX; San Dimas, CA; Tempe, AZ; Troy, MI and Woodbridge, VA.

If you seek a sense of community, top training, opportunity for advancement, a comprehensive benefits package and reward and recognition program, look no further.

Freedom Mortgage Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or their status as a protected veteran or an individual with disabilities. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation. Smoke-free workplace. Drug-free work environment. Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k). All resumes are held in confidence. Only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search. LENDER NMLS ID:2767

Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
