Sr. Business Data Analyst - Enterprise Risk

Are you an experienced data analytics professional who is driven by complex problem solving, analyzing data from multiple systems and intelligently reporting to executive management.? LoanCare, one of the leading national providers of full service subservicing and interim subservicing in the mortgage industry, is seeking an individual to join our team as a Sr. Business Data Analyst. The ideal candidate will have the ability to critically think through potential issues and come up solutions and effectively communicate them. If you are ready for a career and not just your next job, now is the time to join our team and become a part of something big. A DAY IN THE LIFE
In this role, you will...
Be the primary intake point for new report requests from the Risk team. You will be expected to log and document new requests, liaise with the business to gather information and prepare a Business Requirements Document that can be utilized to develop the reports.
Design, develop and execute business-level and business group-level risk reporting and dashboards; aggregate and share reporting and related analyses with senior leadership.
Develop and implement automated control validation reporting to support annual Risk and Control program.
Work with the line of Business Management in analyzing, planning, developing and monitoring strategies and tactics to achieve business objectives. Develops and supports management information needs through periodic performance reporting, forecasting and analysis WHO YOU ARE
You possess ...
Ability to think critically and independently, devote significant attention to details, remain highly organized, and clearly communicate complex material to management in Risk and in the businesses
Deep business acumen in the areas of risk reporting and industry best practices
Experience managing processes requiring data from a number of input providers (10+)
Experience extracting data from multiple production systems, building staging data warehouses and/or databases and using visualizations for dashboard reporting
A penchant for excellence. You will use your experience to drive results. You will never settle for a lesser standard.
Proven problem solving capabilities
Positive attitude towards work in an ever-changing industry
The ability to work well independently to drive and achieve team goals.
A person who is adaptable and willing to learn new technical skills as well as become a business domain expert in short order
Knowledge of new technologies and skills which will enable you to develop a scalable solution that will support ERM team for continuous controls monitoring, WHO WE ARE
About us ...

LoanCare, a ServiceLink company, is a leading national provider of full service subservicing and interim subservicing to the mortgage industry and has offered its expertise and best practices in providing servicing solutions for others since 1991. At the present time, LoanCare subservices over 1 million loans in 50 states. LoanCare has a seasoned loan servicing team with senior managers averaging nearly 30 years of experience in the mortgage and financial services industry.

LoanCare, its affiliates and subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. DETAILED JOB DUTIES
Receive and document new report requests from ERM teams.
Liaise with various stakeholders to gather all necessary information pertaining to each report request and build Business Requirements Documents that can be utilized to develop the reports.
Design, develop and execute business-level and business group-level risk reporting and dashboards; aggregate and share reporting and related analyses with senior leadership.
Work closely with the business-level and business group-level risk teams to perform detailed reviews and analyses of business-specific risk events, key risk indicators, issues and assessments.
Support implementation of automated risk reporting, control testing and validation, and other future transformation efforts.
Provide support to management in analyzing, planning, developing and monitoring strategies and tactics to achieve business objectives.
Effectively collaborate with business partners (including Risk business management, reference data teams, and technology) to investigate variances and resolve data quality exception.
Inspect effectiveness of reporting and make useful recommendations.
Work with vendors and other external entities as required.
Deliver ad-hoc reporting, as needed.
The team is technology agnostic, and you will be able to drive technology choices for future development, for example Jupyter notebooks or Apache Zeppelin. Technologies you will encounter from day one will include
SQL Server Platform
Visualization tools such as Power BI and Tableau
Snowflake
Alteryx
Robotics process automation such as UiPath and Automation Anywhere
All other duties as assigned.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
High School Diploma or equivalent required.
6 or more years of experience in mortgage servicing operation, risk reporting, and/or data analytics functions.
Prior mortgage servicing and/ or risk and control experience in a regulated environment is a plus.
Advanced level or greater Microsoft Excel knowledge.
Advanced knowledge of data reporting/analysis tools and techniques.
Advanced troubleshooting skills.
Ability to use Microsoft Office applications.
Knowledge of Black Knight products including but not limited to MSP, LoanSphere and Invoice Management.
Ability to manage time and priorities wisely.
Ability to grasp concepts quickly, make sound decisions and resolve issues completely.
Flexibility to adapt to frequently changing processes and procedures.
Ability to work in a high volume and time sensitive environment.
Ability to work independently with minimal direction and to meet deadlines.
Ability to work collaboratively with peers in a team environment to attain common goals.
Analytical and mathematical ability sufficient to be able to identify potential issues
Ability to communicate effectively both in writing, orally, in person and by telephone, with all levels of the organization.
Ability to maintain strict confidentiality. WORK CONDITIONS
Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Ability to attend work and be productive during normal business hours and to work early, late or weekend hours as needed for successful job performance. Over time required as necessary.

Essential functions are the basic job duties that an employee must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Critical Thinking Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.

Reading Comprehension Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents

English Language Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.

Speaking Talking to others to convey information effectively.

Active Learning Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.

Active Listening Giving full attention to what other people is saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.

Instructing Teaching others how to do something.

Judgment and Decision Making Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.

Time Management Managing one's own time and the time of others.

Writing Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.

Complex Problem Solving Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.

Deductive Reasoning The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.

Problem Sensitivity The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem.

Written Comprehension The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.

Inductive Reasoning The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events).

Information Ordering The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations).

Near Vision The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).

Oral Comprehension The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.

Oral Expression The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.

Speech Recognition The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person.

Speech Clarity The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you.

Critical Thinking Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Sitting up to 90% of time Walking and standing up to 10% of time Occasional lifting, stooping, kneeling, crouching and reaching. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

LoanCare, its affiliates and subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

LoanCare, its affiliates and subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristic protected by applicable law.

Operations All Other

TX - Dallas

LoanCare Servicing Operations

Jul 8, 2020, 3:59:31 PM
