Data Analyst Virtual / Remote Position Permanent or Contract-to-hire Salary/Rate: Open /DOE DESCRIPTION The Data Analyst has a unique role to build world class data platforms and deploy scalable business intelligence tools. The ideal candidate is experienced in data governance principles and understands data nuances and data mapping within product context. He or she has deep knowledge of data schema and ontology designs. The Data Analyst will be responsible for interpreting data sets with focus on trends and patterns that are valuable for diagnostic and predictive analytics. CORE RESPONSIBILITIES -Manage data standardization and data quality progression and be responsible for data governance. -Define appropriate data standards and perform quality control on various data sets. -Understand client business use cases, propose data solutions, and define ETL requirements for data engineering. -Contribute to the expansion of ETL and in the implementation and ongoing maintenance of data to ensure timely and accurate delivery of data to clients. -Resolve complex problems, perform data investigation, configuration and setup of new data files. -Participate and, where necessary, coordinate internal or external meetings that include customers and data suppliers. -Maintain a library of data processing standards and procedure manuals as well as apply expert knowledge in working through day to day issues and enhancements. QUALIFICATIONS -Experience in Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration -Experience on AWS Redshift, S3, Athena and AWS EMR -Experience with healthcare data: medical/hospital claims, pharmacy claims, electronic medical records -Background in Database development and designing of data models for different domains -Data profiling and analysis for detecting and correcting inaccurate data from the databases and to track data quality. -Extensive experience with data warehousing, Business Intelligence, ETL methodologies and technologies, using Informatica. -Client-facing analysis experience preferred.
