Location: Boothwyn, PADescription: Our client is currently seeking a Data Analyst and Report Writer
Permanent OpportunityW2 Only Boothwyn, PA
Objective:
This position is responsible for owning and championing the continued expansion, adoption, and usage of the companys business intelligence and reporting platforms for deeper problem, opportunity, trend, and predictive analysis by the companys internal associates.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Manage and maintain existing data analytics platform, process jobs, and reporting inventory. •Provide day to day data analytics and reporting solutions using Microsofts Business Intelligence suite of products (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, etc). •Represent Technology Services as a subject matter expert for company's data environment by understanding all data layer facets of the companys commercial and custom business applications software portfolio, how it is used by the business, and their interrelationships and dependencies. •Partner with internal business stakeholders and technology colleagues to understand business solution requirements and integrate those requirements into tangible business intelligence solutions. •Develop business intelligence data management methodology, standards, and best practices for managing the platform (data models, extraction, transformation, load, development, test and acceptance, release to production, and documentation). •Responsible for continued life-cycle development of the platform inclusive of but not limited to:
•Functional Requirements •Architecture •Source-to-target Mapping •Extraction, Transformation, & Load •Test, Acceptance, Release to Production •Documentation •Internal Customer Knowledge Transfer •Champion the continued expansion, adoption, and usage of the companys data analytics and reporting platform for two and three dimensional ad-hoc data analysis, ad-hoc reporting, and recurring production reporting. •Adhere to established change management practices and protocols when implementing software solutions into production.
Authority and Accountability: •Provides technical leadership to business intelligence team.
Skills, Competencies and Experience: •5+ years of progressive experience in a same or similar position. •Well-organized and self-starting individual with a passion for transferring hard to access data into easily accessible and meaningful information for improved decision making. •Detailed knowledge of two and multi dimension data modeling. •Working knowledge of ETL. •In-depth experience with Microsofts business intelligence product suite (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS). •The ability to balance competing priorities against optimal benefit to the organization. •An ability to work well and productively, always projecting a positive outlook in a fast-paced, sometimes stressful environment. •Ability to establish and achieve service levels. •Ability to provide solution leadership for the company in business intelligence solutions and become a trusted advisor. •Ability to lead peers and internal clients in solution discussions, mentoring and training as needed. •Proven experience partnering with business unit leaders translating specifications into workable solutions. •Superior Estimating and project management skills. •Ability to work with third party consulting providers. •Experience developing scorecards, dashboards, KPIs and reports. •Knowledgeable in BI, DW and Data Analysis technologies and be able to make informed selections based on their knowledge and experience. •Experience in process / document flow reporting. •An ability to manage and work with a culturally diverse population.
Preferred •Experience working within a healthcare or related industry
Strong working knowledge of: •Two and Multi Dimensional Data Modeling (SQL and Cube). •SQL Statements and Constructs. •Microsoft SQL Server. •Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) •Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) •Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) •Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) •Microsoft Report Builder for End User Ad-Hoc Reporting. •Microsoft SharePoint. •Previous experience in the field of health care and a working knowledge of Electronic Medical Record and Reimbursement systems is required.
Education, Certifications, Trainings: Required •Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Contact: kdunlevy@judge.com
This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com

Job Requirements:
