Client Experience & Digital (CXD) is hiring talented analysts! We are looking for passionate crew who want to leverage the power of analytics to drive improvements to the client experience. In CXD we are organized around journey labs: cross-functional teams that operate in an enduring product ownership model. Each lab owns a particular journey (experience) and seeks to drive continuous improvement.

As a journey analyst in CXD, you will:
Collaborate with software development, user experience, journey ownership, and other disciplines.
Identify and prioritize areas of greatest opportunity to deliver enhancements.
Visualize and tell compelling stories with data.
Measure how newly developed features have impacted the client experience.
Strong candidates will have demonstrated an ability to:
Work in an ambiguous environment and adapt quickly to change.
Independently translate a broad business objective into a set of incremental analytical deliverables.
Learn new technical skills quickly; our analytics tool stack is ever-changing.
Communicate effectively and show flexibility in style based on the audience.
To learn more about CXD, visit our site on SharePoint.

Core Responsibilities
Engages with internal partners to understand business strategy, questions and goals. Brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and leads projects through completion. Delegates tasks and provides tactical and strategic guidance to peers.
Acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.
Designs experiments, develops measurement plans, and tests hypotheses.
Performs analyses of historical data to surface trends and insights using advanced analytical methods.
Prepares and delivers visualizations and internal presentations that translate analytic insights into tangible, actionable solutions for business partners to implement.
Develops, owns, and manages recurring analytic or reporting processes.
Mentors, coaches, trains, and develops junior analysts. Proactively expands knowledge of business and analytics and shares with team members. Develops and documents best practices.
Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Undergraduate degree (BA/BS) in an analytic/quantitative field. Master’s degree preferred.
A minimum of 3+ years of relevant professional experience in a data analysis role.
Experience querying data with SQL and programming with Python, R, or SAS.
Experience leading, designing and implementing marketing or digital experimentation (A/B or MVT) to improve marketing performance or improve the client experience.
Special Factor

Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.

About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
