Cambridge Advisory Group, Inc. is an actuarial and benefits consulting firm. We are analytics-oriented leveraging data driven strategies to support our client’s goals and objectives.

We are currently seeking qualified candidates for a Sr. HealthCare Data Analyst position in our King of Prussia office. Responsibilities include ingesting, loading, validating, analyzing and reporting on large data sets.

This position will focus on medical, pharmacy, and eligibility data. The Sr. HealthCare Data Analyst will be responsible for acquiring data from various internal and external data sources, analyzing, and interpreting the data sets, and identifying useable and actionable results.

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree (BS) in Mathematics or Computer Science
5+ years’ working experience as a Data Analyst or Data Scientist in the HealthCare sector
Expert in Excel, SQL, and other analytical software
Experience with data mining tools such as Qlik, Tableau, or Power BI
Experience with developing medical and pharmacy utilization reporting
Experience with establishing utilization trends and meaningful observations
Experience with underwriting insurance premiums is a plus
Must possess strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate information with attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to generate information quickly and manage multiple projects at once
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
This job can be performed remotely.

Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
http://www.camadvgrp.com/
Schedule::
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
Yes
