At E78, we assist our clients in finding just the right candidates to fit their needs! They are currently seeking an IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst to support the clients Business Intelligence/ Visualization business area. Individuals filling this role are expected to be capable of leading one or more projects within the corporate environment. Will include collaboration and integration other application, infrastructure, and project teams, and will be delivered through internal and external IT resources, including outsource vendor partners.

Responsibilities
Lead projects which often require cross-functional resources, vendor resources, outsourcing partners, and integration and interaction with business key users and project sponsors.
Create and track project plan, ensuring adherence to project management quality standards.
Responsible for assigning individual responsibilities, identifying appropriate resources as needed, and developing a schedule to ensure timely completion of the project.
Support the gathering of business requirements
Provide support for the development of testing use cases
Provide strong facilitation and communication skills to help drive project progress.
Follow up with project team members to ensure key activities are being performed.
Identify approaches to address project gaps.
Step in where necessary and support the completion of project activities.
Conduct regular project meetings, documenting status of project including technical, schedule and financial issues that may be present.
Identify and document key support activities that may be required post implementation.
Assist and review all startup and planning documents.
Manage the scope, risks, issues, deliverables, and schedule of individual project tasks.
Manage (e.g., tracks, updates, reviews) the dashboard and executive reports using metric data.
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent experience) in a technical, quantitative, or business discipline
3+ years' Corporate Project Management including Agile Methodologies experience
Business Intelligence/ Visualization knowledge and implementation experience required
Strong knowledge and understanding of IT processes
Strong Analytical background and capable of gather business requirements from end user and technical team.
Strong written and verbal communications skills (English)
Strong interpersonal and networking skills
Experience in managing external vendor relationships
Experience in managing outsourced vendor partners
Strong MS Project, MS-Office, including SharePoint, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, and Excel skills
Strict attention to detail
Communication, listening and interpersonal skills (English, oral & written)
Flexibility - adaptation to the changing needs and priorities in the work environment
Work under pressure
Ability to identify, analyze, organize and solve issues and problems in a timely and effective manner
Team approach / cooperation - work with others, and through others to meet goals, accomplish work, and resolve problems
Customer service oriented - understand and anticipate the needs of users
Ability to identify and pursue new ideas, solutions, methods or opportunities to increase productivity and quality
Effectively deal with change and resistance to change
Strong work ethic ability to foster trusting relationships, demonstrate a sense of responsibility in job performance, show commitment to quality of work, exhibit discipline and dedication to complete work, and display a sense of teamwork and respect, enabling collaboration to meet goals
Experience with JIRA
