Certified Tumor Registrar/Data Analyst [CTR and experience required] - ( 192846 ) Description The Tumor Registrars are responsible for the abstracting and reporting to State and National registries, including the American College of Surgeons Commission on Cancer, in accordance with all mandated standards and guidelines. They monitor and update follow-up information for all patients in our facilities database. They perform lifetime follow-up on all patients with a diagnosis of malignancy who received treatment at our facility, continually monitoring medical record documentation for our facility to assure timely collection of all relevant data. They assist with the development of the Cancer Program's Annual Report and generate requested reports for use in research and cancer related studies. Minimum required qualifications for consideration : Tumor Registrar certification (Certified Tumor Registrar, CTR). 3 years' of experience abstracting cancer data and reportable conditions. General experience in the use of Tumor Registry (Oncolog, Metriq) .and EMR (Epic) software systems. Associates Degree in a health care related field. A Health Information Management (HIM) major or focus is preferred. Location : Temple University Hospital, 3509 N Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19140. A residence in the Philadelphia area is required. Some remote work may be approved but nothing more than 8 hours per week is likely. Typical schedule : M-F, 40 hrs/wk, 8:00a-4:30p. Non-exempt, overtime eligible. Your Tomorrow is Here! Temple Health is a dynamic network of outstanding hospitals, specialty centers, and physician practices that is advancing the fight against disease, pushing the boundaries of medical science, and educating future healthcare professionals. Temple Health consists of Temple University Hospital (TUH), Fox Chase Cancer Center, Jeanes Hospital, TUH-Episcopal Campus, TUH-Northeastern Campus, Temple Physicians, Inc., and Temple Transport Team. Temple Health is proudly affiliated with the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University. To support this mission, Temple University Health System is continuously recruiting top talent to join its diverse, 10,000 strong workforce that fosters a healthy, safe and productive environment for its patients, visitors, students and colleagues alike. At Temple Health, your tomorrow is here! Tomorrow is Here! Temple University Hospital's Cancer Center is home to some of the area's top cancer specialists, dedicated to diagnosing, treating and managing nearly all types of cancer including brain and spinal, breast, gastrointestinal, genitourinary, gynecological, hematologic, head and neck, and lung. You have exceptional cancer care - advanced technology and diagnosis, the latest cancer treatments, cutting-edge cancer research and clinical trials - close to home. Primary Location : Pennsylvania-Philadelphia Job : Operational Admin & Management Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular
