Data Transfer, Integration and Quality Analysis - IC2Under moderate direction, analyzes, reconciles, troubleshoots and reviews incoming and outgoing data to ensure accurate performance/output generated by organization technology products and solutions. Tests data quality and confirms findings and conclusions with more senior team members. Communicates with outside vendors to confirm they have all necessary information.

Analyzes and monitors data/reports to ensure quality of and accurate transfer, integration, translation, and reporting of data, reacting promptly to data quality statistics and client inquiries.

Based on both documented processes and experiential analysis, executes simple to moderately complex data fixes, resulting in improved performance or accuracy.

Executes test plans and ensures the quality and accurate delivery/transfer of test and production files.

Builds domain and product knowledge through assisting colleagues and frequent interaction with technology developers, product teams, relationship/account managers, etc.

No direct reports. Provides guidance to less experienced colleagues as needed.

Contributes to the achievement of team objectives.Experience in securities or financial services preferred. Experience with pulse data, regression analysis, Python preferred.
Qualifications
Bachelors degree or the equivalent combination of education and experience is required. Advanced/graduate degree preferred. 3-5 years of total work experience preferred. Experience in securities or financial services preferred.
BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.
Our ambition is to build the best global team one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.

Primary Location: United States-Delaware-Wilmington
Internal Jobcode: 70140
Job: Operations
Organization: TSO Operations-HR06259
Requisition Number: 2007417
