Keeping our Stores stocked means covering a lot of ground, and H-E-B Warehouse facilities are key in our role as a retail industry leader. Our 19 warehouses with over 4.5 million square feet support our Retail Division by distributing thousands of items (over 7.1 million cases per week) to our Stores in Texas and Mexico. As a DP&O Data & Reporting Analyst, you'll support the Distribution Planning & Operations Team, which provides proactive planning and collaboration to support Division-wide warehousing operations, the broader supply chain strategy, and overall H-E-B enterprise.

Once you're eligible, you'll become an Owner in the company, so we're looking for commitment, hard work, and focus on quality and Customer service. 'Partner-owned' means our most important resources--People--drive the innovation, growth, and success that make H-E-B The Greatest Omnichannel Retailing Company.

Do you have a:
HEART FOR PEOPLE... ability to create visual tools for effective interpretation of data?
HEAD FOR BUSINESS... advanced SQL coding skills?
PASSION FOR RESULTS... drive to take initiative and stay self-motivated?

We are looking for:
related experience; related bachelor's degree (preferred)
What is the work? (Supports / may perform some or all of the following duties)
Design & Development / Information Technology:
Designs / develops / tests / deploys automated, ongoing, and / or ad hoc reports (primarily using SQL queries) in large databases; creates / modifies SQL-automated reports and tools using historical / live data
Serves as database administrator for DP&O core reporting tables; creates / maintains all tables and associated indexing
Maintains DP&O work measurement database library to support labor reporting system
Supports processes to maintain data accuracy; troubleshoots data integrity and reporting issues
Creates / learns to create visual tools for statistical information
Maintains DP&O intranet site and / or automated email dashboards
Analytics / Reporting & Documentation:
Learns / masters most typical data science techniques in support of business projects; may mine / analyze unstructured data sets to assist in decision-making
Analyzes / validates reports to identify discrepancies; takes corrective action
Learns to analyze / redesign process and configuration issues
Collaborates with other company / Division teams to provide Warehouse-related data
Assists in analyzing operational reports; may research / analyze / model / report on organizational data to support Team projects
Provides specific ad-hoc analysis as needed
Serves as a resource for automation knowledge and reporting support
Serves as a resource for maintenance of SOP document library; maintains documentation in compliance with control procedures (SOPs, methodologies, templates)
Maintains / may create internal-use forms
Supports documentation of best practices and SOPs; formats documents; edits SOPs as needed; maintains document version history
Assists with preparation / editing of business support documentation, including process flowcharts, SOPs, templates, and forms; maintains metrics calculations
Assists in data-gathering as part of Warehouse reset initiatives; modifies / organizes information for smooth process execution
What is your background?
Bachelor's degree in a related field (preferred)
3 years of related experience
Do you have what it takes to be a fit as a DP&O Data & Reporting Analyst at H-E-B?
Working knowledge of warehouse management systems
Familiarity with one or more scripting languages (e.g., Python, Perl, Java, or Ruby), relational databases (e.g., Teradata, Oracle, SQL), BI tools (e.g., MicroStrategy), and machine learning packages (e.g., KNIME, RapidMiner)
Intermediate skills in SQL programing (store procedure, view, index)
Strong research, analytical, critical-thinking, and problem-solving skills
Strong time-management skills
Verbal / written communication and presentation
skills
Ability to understand statistical analysis and other methodologies
Ability to work comfortably with imperfect / incomplete data
Ability to communicate technical processes and issues to non-technical people
Can you...
Function in a fast-paced office environment
Sit for extended periods
02-2020
