Requirements
Adept at using Access, Excel, Power Point and Word.
General Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence knowledge including data modeling and Key Performance Indicators (PKIs) preferably in the SAP Business Objects environment.
Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks
Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets
Evaluate organizational methods and provide source-to-target mappings and information-model specification documents for data sets
Create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization
Evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, and inaccuracies, developing and maintaining protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data
Work directly with management and users to gather requirements, provide status updates, and build relationships
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define and implement data and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance of the solution
Develop and maintain databases by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, and build scripts that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets (1.) Suggest design solutions (2.) To participate and facilitate the walkthrough to brief the Functional Specification mapping to Business Requirements. (3.) To prepare the functional specification document and ensure for completeness and storage. (4.) To prepare and / or aid the preparation of test cases in line with functional requirements (5.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications.
AWS experience highly desired
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years experience in Business Intelligence (BI) or Data Warehouses and 2 years experience working with SQL and Access. Four additional years of related experience will be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's degree.
5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.).
4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.
3 years experience using analytics tools and languages R, Python, SAS, Oracle and SQL etc.
3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling.
3 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures.
US Citizen; no dual citizenship.
Minimum of a Secret Interim clearance to start (Day 1 requirement).
CompTIA Security+ certification required to start (Day 1 requirement).
CDO is an Equal Opportunity Employer
