Company: Cyber Warrior Network - - Matching the Talent to the Task.
Job Title: Data Security Analyst
Location: San Antonio, TX
Clearance Level: Secret
Minimum Education: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in information systems, computer security, or related field.

Company Brief:
Cyber Warrior Network (CWN): First Secure Decentralized Cyber Skills, Education and Workforce Ecosystem. Our mission is to create a global cyber talent pipeline of Military Cyber Warriors to solve cyber workforce shortage.

Talent Matching & CWN Culture:
We Connect, Match, Hire and Retain the world's most Battle-tested and Trusted Cyber Talent. We partner with employers that understand the unique skill sets that Military and National Security professionals possess.

Technology:
We understand that its virtually impossible to translate your classified experience via a resume or LinkedIn profile. Our Machine Learning AI will translate and quantify your skills & experience to match you to careers that you're best suited for.

Employer Needs:
CWN "Parriot Employer" is seeking a solution oriented individual with demonstrated experience/skills:
Database Security
Management
Information Security
Siem
Communication
Solutions
SOC
CISSP
Testing
Cyber Security
IDS
Reporting
Firewalls
Sql

Career Role Details:
Implementing or manage security functionality or controls in data center environments.
Provide excellent technical skills and knowledge to successfully manage project work; broad understanding of network, database and application security issues.
Provide broad hand-on knowledge of firewalls, intrusion detection systems, anti-virus software, data encryptions, and other industry-standard techniques and practices.
Versed in strategic policy guidance and is familiar with the higher headquarter offices who develop government policy that effects the configuration of the Learning Services Ecosystem.
Minimum Education:
5+ years of direct experience implementing or managing security functionality or controls in data center environments. Excellent technical skills and knowledge to successfully manage project work; broad understanding of network, database and application security issues. Broad hand-on knowledge of firewalls, intrusion detection systems, anti-virus software, data encryptions, and other industry-standard techniques and practices.

“Your reputation is more important than your paycheck, and your integrity is worth more than your career.” - Ryan Freitas
