Tuvli, LLC an Akima Company, is dedicated to providing our customers with superior, integrated technology and program support services and solutions. Our systems engineering, information technology, information assurance, program support and project management staff work closely with customers to ensure that our solutions are directly aligned with their business processes and desired program outcomes. We emphasize affordability, and delivering the best value for technology investments. Our personnel enjoy competitive benefits packages and challenging roles in work environments committed to innovation, diversity and opportunity for career growth. As an Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), 100> of our company’s profits go back to our 14,300 Iñupiat shareholders that have resided near and above the Arctic Circle for more than 10,000 years. Our business helps support their way of life and contributes to the survival of a culture that has thrived in a challenging environment.

Tuvli seeks a Data Security Analyst to:

Responsibilities:
Provide support to plan, coordinate, and implement the organization’s information security.
Provide support for facilitating and helping agencies identify their current security infrastructure and define future programs.
Design and implementation of fire-wall and other related security issues on LANs/WANs.
A working knowledge of several of the following areas is required:
Understanding of business security practices and procedures
Knowledge of current security tools available
Hardware/software firewalls and their implementation
Different communication protocols; encryption techniques/tools
Familiarity with commercial products (ex. - Domain Name Systems, public–key encryption technology, Smartcard, Cyberguard, TimeStep), and current Internet and electronic commerce technology
Minimum Qualifications:
TS/SCI clearance required.
IAT level II certification or higher.
3 years of demonstrated experience.
Extensive experience in information security and/or IT risk management with a focus on security, performance and reliability.
Solid understanding of security protocols, cryptography, authentication, authorization and security.
Good working knowledge of current IT risks and experience implementing security solutions.
Experience implementing multi-factor authentication, single sign-on, identity management or related technologies.
Ability to interact with a broad cross-section of personnel to explain and enforce security measures.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as business acumen and a commercial outlook.

The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description generally cover the nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. This is not intended to be a complete list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as may be necessary. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website.

Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.

We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.
