Configuration Data Analyst, San Antonio , TX, US ID#17986 Cherokee Nation Technology Solutions (CNTS) provides technical support services and project support personnel to its defense and civilian agency clients. CNTS specializes in locating hard-to-find candidates for rapid response requests throughout the country. It provides a tailored management approach for complex government programs and disciplines including medical, science, geospatial intelligence, engineering, construction, research and development, facilities management, information technology, program management and mission support. Wholly owned by Cherokee Nation, CNTS is part of the Cherokee Nation Businesses family of companies. http://cherokee-cnts.com/Pages/home.aspx For more company information, visit our site at http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/federalSolutions SUMMARY The JTS is the first to create integrated multi-specialty registries where Health Information Managers obtain the specialty information. For example, JTS combines detailed clinical data from the trauma, orthopedic and infectious disease registries to improve care from point of injury through surgical intervention. During missions, Trauma Medical Director and Trauma Nurse Coordinators are rotated from each service and integrated into the theater of operation to implement the best practices. The next step is to leverage the program to extend its benefits to trauma communities beyond the Theater of War. The U.S. Army Institute of Surgical Research (USAISR) is part of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command. The USAISR is dedicated to both laboratory and clinical trauma research. Its mission is to provide requirements-driven combat casualty care medical solutions and products for injured soldiers from self-aid through definitive care across the full spectrum of military operations. These activities require support from a highly skilled data analyst to accurately analyze, interpret, and report complex military trauma data. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES * Candidate will review data from multiple sources and determine relevant information to a given situation. * Candidate will draft, edit and disseminate written reports and status updates that are factual, timely and relatively error free. * Candidate will ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems, networks, and data through the planning, analysis, development, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems, security programs, policies, procedures, and tools. * Candidate shall maintain information systems certification and accreditation documentation and manages the information assurance vulnerability assessment program. * Candidate will be responsible for developing and implementing security programs, policies and procedures to ensure the security, reliability and accessibility of information systems, networks and data. * Conducts system security audits and risk and vulnerability assessments. * Candidate will participate in network and systems design, to ensure implementation of appropriate security policies and developing information security contingency plans and disaster recover procedures. * Candidate will manage information system accounts, network rights, and access to information technology resources, to include NT server, workstation, and network devices, using industry recognized tools and methodologies. SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY This position will not have supervisory authority. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE * Active secret clearance * BA/BS in Computer Engineering or Computer Science or related field. * 2-6 years relevant work experience in configuration management. * Security + Certification KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES * Hands-on experience performing software and documentation builds and releases; this position will be very hands on, willingness to roll up sleeves is essential. * Experience using and administering CM tools such as Subversion. * Hands-on experience assisting developers with development issues related to CM tool use (check in/out, branching, and tagging). * Self-directed approach with high degree of initiative to investigate and resolve issues. * Prior experience working for the military or military background preferred. Work will be performed in a climate controlled laboratory and office setting. With $400 million in annual revenue, more than 3000 employees and nearly 1,000 federal projects for more than 60 government agencies in 26 countries, 50 states and 2 territories, Cherokee Nation Businesses' (CNB) team of companies are well positioned to deliver the expertise needed to solve the world's most pressing issues. Together, CNB's companies provide an array of services - from applications and data services to cybersecurity and national defense - for 12 of the 15 Cabinet departments. Why consider Cherokee Nation Businesses? The following links can help you learn more about what we do and the many great reasons to join our team! http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/Pages/home.aspx http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/careers/Pages/home.aspx http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/federalSolutions/Pages/overview.aspx Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may email "" for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status. For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for the purpose of proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2020 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at "" This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications.
