STRATEGIC STAFFING SOLUTIONS HAS AN OPENING!Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) prides itself on being an international IT Staffing and Solutions Company with 29 years experience recruiting and managing exceptional IT and Business consultants for customers in the Financial, Energy, Public Sector and Retail Distribution industries. A privately held, financially strong, woman-owned company, S3 is a full service IT firm, with 24 major market locations in the U.S!

If you meet the requirements described below, send resume and contact information to Nick Cavazos, Sr. IT Sourcing Specialist, ncavazos@strategicstaff.com for more details.

Title: Sr. Risk Analyst (IT, IS and/or Data expertise)

Location: Remote (based out of San Antonio, TX)

Type: W2

OVERVIEW

Can you give me your top three skills in the order of importance and include the number of years of experience for each skill?

• Operational Risk Experience at least 4-5 years, Information Security, Information Technology, or Data Management at least 5 years, Ability to design and/or evaluate controls and test 3-5 years experience.

What are the three top technology tools that this resource must have knowledge using?

• Any GRC Tools, Rally, Microsoft Products

What are the hours in which they will operate (Mon-Fri 8am-5pm)?

• Time Frame listed

What are the responsibilities that this resource will have on a day to day basis?

• Would be working with First Line Security experts in discussing IT/IS or Data Management processes and procedures in terms of ensuring that appropriate controls are designed and operated. In addition work would involve providing oversight on development of frameworks, policies, and standards
• Performing some monitoring of operations through evaluating key risk measures.
• Performing a leadership role in Second Line of Defense effective challenges and documenting findings and risks, performing risk assessments, preparing status reports, including developing appropriate risk reporting and KRIs and Risk Appetite measures

$$ WE OFFER A REFERRAL FEE FOR ANYONE REFERRED & HIRED WITH S3! $$

Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3), based in Detroit, Michigan, prides itself on being an international, woman-owned, $260 million IT and Business Services Corporation. We are ranked 16th among the largest staffing firms in the US by Staffing Industry Report and are one of five companies nationally certified as a Charter Partner with Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 provides IT consulting, customized project solutions, vendor management programs and executive search services to financial institutions, insurance, energy, oil/gas, telecommunication, government, retail and health care industries worldwide. We have more than 2,700 consultants and 31 offices in the US and Europe.S3 is also proud to be nationally recognized as both a Military Friendly and Military Spouse Friendly Employer.

As an S3 employee, youre eligible for a full benefits package which may include: Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401(k) Plan, Vacation Package, Life & Disability Insurance Plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, and Tuition Reimbursement.

The global mission of S3 is to build trusting relationships and deliver solutions that positively impact our customers, our consultants, and our communities. The four pillars of our company are to: Set the bar high for what a company should do, Create jobs, Offer people an opportunity to succeed and change their station in life, and improve the communities where we live and work through volunteering and charitable giving.

Strategic Staffing Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Requirements:
