Business Data Analyst (SQL Tableau) Category IT- Infrastructure Posted 07072020 San Diego, California Contract To Hire Description Job Title Business Data Analyst (SQL Tableau expertise) W2 contract to hire About the Opportunity A well respected San Diego healthcare organization is looking to bring on a SQL Data Analyst on a contract to hire basis. The ideal candidate will have a passion for data analytics and an excellent track record of analyzing and manipulating data to provide tangible insights. This is a high-profile position that will be interacting with and presenting findings to top level management, outstanding communication is a must! This is a great chance to join an industry leader and contribute to their long-term success. If this aligns with your career goals and you're qualified and interested don't hesitate to apply! Responsibilities Provide in depth data analysis and communicate findings clearly to management Produce actionable data reporting using SQL Tableau to contribute to business decision making Work closely with stakeholders across multiple divisions to determine reporting and data analytics needs Present business relevant findings to executive team on a monthly and ad hoc basis to facilitate ongoing business strategy Qualifications Must have the ability to analyze data and be willing to present and clearly communicate finding to the executive team. Working knowledge of SQL. Experience with reporting tools such as SSRS andor Tableau Ability to effectively participate in various activities and to interact with other departments and staff effectively. Demonstrated organizational, analytical and problem solving skills ability to meet rapidly changing deadlines Detail oriented, able to follow directions quickly and efficiently, possesses a good attitude about operational or functional change. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Interested in learning more? Please don't hesitate to give us a call at 858-242-5611 or visit our website www.sayvasolutions.com for more information, or follow our LinkedIn page for updates here httpswww.linkedin.comcompanysayva-solutions . If you are already working with a Sayva team member, contact them directly and they will be happy to discuss this opportunity in more detail. Also feel free to contact me directly at joesayvasolutions.com About Sayva Sayva Technology provides consulting, contract to hire, and direct hire recruiting to support project and full-time placement needs. Our decades of combined industry experience has fostered a vast network and emphasis on efficiency, responsiveness, and quality results. LI-JH1
