Position Summary:

Position supports products and data entry of master data from inception through end-of-life. Responsible for auditing all relevant information related to part number creation from disparate departments, ensuring the business process and system requirement impacts are met. This role will audit the data against the matrixes defined for entry into SAP and various Illumina systems as defined by business process. Required to perform day-to-day data management activities with master data, including support for data remediation projects. Tasks also include processing of Engineering Records, auditing, reviewing and finalizing implementation plans, BOM creation and other product documentation. Additionally, this position will support the identification, proposal, and engagement in system and process improvements related to material master data and configuration management processes.

Responsibilities:
Follow policies and procedures related to quality and master data management to ensure conformance to all requirements.
Provide Data Steward Services in SAP along with data quality remediation.
Support coordination of efforts among the data owners to deliver their data so that material and material meta data can be created in a timely fashion.
Responsible for the accuracy of system data through process evaluation and conducting regular audits.
Identify and implement corrective measures for data or process errors based on audit results and process evaluations.
Ensure thorough, complete, and timely communication with all necessary departments to verify completion of commitments, notify all parties of any potential slippage issues, and provide updates on timelines and responsibilities.
Participate on teams with primary responsibility to improve material master data quality and configuration management processes.
Reinforce a data stewardship mindset across the immediate team and with other personnel working with quality and material master data.
Review incoming Engineering Records, prioritize appropriately and process per established procedures.
Understand complex BOM structures and how BOMs should be structured for maximum effectiveness in PLM and ERP. Understand implications of PLM/ERP changes to downstream cross functional areas and systems. Perform complex where used BOM analysis to identify impact of change.
Work with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to ensure that Engineering Records have all required information, such as justification for change, supporting documentation, and disposition plan.
Incorporate bill of material (BOM) and document redlines into final released versions.
Track changes throughout the change control process to ensure accurate completion of implementation activities and facilitate the resolution of any issues preventing completion.
All listed tasks and responsibilities are deemed as essential functions to this position; however, business conditions may require reasonable accommodations for additional task and responsibilities.
Requirements:
Detail oriented, proactive, works independently, works well with others.
Flexible, able to adapt quickly to change
Technical background in a manufacturing environment – preferably in life science or medical device
Good communication skills both oral and written.
Engineering record processing experience.
Experience working with teams across multiple functions
Good working knowledge of ERP/MRP systems (SAP preferred)
High degree of initiative and ownership, as well as a proven history of delivering results while working with several different departments in a fast-paced environment.
ISO 13485 and 21 CFR 820 knowledge.
Proficient in use of Microsoft Office products, intermediate to advanced Excel abilities preferred.
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in related field preferred
3+ years of related experience
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
