Looking to build your experience in an agile, diverse environment, where you can grow your technical skillsets? As the Information Security and Data Privacy Analyst, you will experience a unique opportunity to design and evolve programs that defend against cyber-attacks and keep data secure. Working as part of the Gossamer Bio IT team in Information Security, you will be positioned to drive cutting edge technology solutions for security! This position can be located in San Diego, CA or Dublin, Ireland.

Key Responsibilities
Design creative data privacy and cyber solutions to evolve and up-level the programs.
Advance education and awareness training to ensure up-to-date posture according to tech trends.
Conduct architecture reviews and security impact assessments for tech initiatives.
Information Security:
Monitor and investigate cyber security incidents and potential breaches.
Drive threat hunting and implement red team activities to advance proactive detection abilities.
Architect the defense-in-depth strategic roadmap and technology with creativity and innovation.
Real-time remediation of threats and vulnerabilities identified active environment monitoring.
Research and communicate emerging threats.
Data Privacy:
Design & implement a data mapping strategy / intake process to assess the technology landscape.
Perform information gathering, aggregation and summarization of current state.
Identify and drive process improvement and remediation to maintain strong security posture.
Review third-party vendor services, systems and contracts for data privacy and information security risks; implement monitoring and remediation processes.
Education & Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, related field, or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 2-4 years' experience as a Data Privacy or Information Security Analyst.
Experience as an InfoSec analyst, actively monitoring, detecting and remediating security incidents.
Familiarity with at least one of the following frameworks GxP, GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA, NIST, ISO, etc.
Track record working with data from multiple sources willingness to dig-in and leverage creative thinking and problem-solving.
Highly collaborative; able to work in a team-based environment offering services to a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary organization negotiating for competing priorities and resources.
Strong initiative, self-driven to deliver results without daily supervision.
Well-developed business partnering and collaboration skills, adept at establishing and sustaining effective working relationships, both within and between departments.
Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills; ability to interact with business users, technical experts.
Gossamer Bio is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants and complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.
