Location Richardson, TX Description BASIC FUNCTION Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements. May provide consultation to users and lead cross-functional teams to address business issues. Produces datasets and reports for analysis using system reporting tools. May perform research and assists in analyzing financial and health data, including medical algorithms to determine health care expenditures, medical and economic outcomes, and cost containment strategies. Analyzes complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers. Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences. JOB REQUIREMENTS The following requirements must be met to determine if an applicant is eligible to apply Bachelor Degree and 5 years experience in health care data statistical analysis OR 7 years experience in healthcare data statistical analysis. 3 years experience in data analysis and information reporting relating to healthcare data Ability to query and analyze large sets of complex healthcare data and 4 years experience using Structured Query Language (SQL) Ability to derive insights from complex data for presentation and decision making Experience with data visualization tools Tableau, MicroStategy or similar Verify accuracy of reports and provide insights. Demonstrated best practices and knowledge of internal or external business issues to improve products or services Ability to independently solve complex problems Ability to work independently with minimal guidance Ability to serve as a resource for colleagues with less experience may direct the work of other staff members. PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS Preference will be given to applicants with the following skills, experience, education, or knowledge Bachelor Degree Experience with visualization tool Tableau or similar highly preferred Experience authoringmaintaining SAS for complex reporting purposes Experience or exposure to clinical data integration Ability to provide subject matter expertise on healthcareinsurance industry Expertise in business analysis ? process flows, facilitation, requirements gathering, testing software systems, etc. Proficient creating and leveraging complex pivot tables Financial analysis related to provider and facility data Contact gvanschaickjudge.com mailtogvanschaickjudge.com?subjectData20Analyst20(SQL2C20Tableau) This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com httpwww.judge.com
