Business Group Highlights

Defense

The Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.

Responsibilities

The Data Analyst/Engineer provides the following support:

a. Perform research, analysis, analysis of alternatives (AoA), evaluation, development and test of technologies from industry, academia, and other government organizations, to include Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS), Government Off-The-Shelf (GOTS), and open source technologies, for applicability to solving deficiencies and capability gaps, and enabling capabilities and/or generating new capabilities.
b. Analyze existing and proposed systems and system requirements to identify performance and schedule gaps and make recommendations to close gaps rapidly and cost effectively with low risk.
c. Coordinate and collaborate with government officials and contractors in NIWC PAC headquarters and other organizations to support rapid integration and interoperability of systems and components.
d. Ensure the quality of all services and deliverables across the contract. Ensure high customer satisfaction with all key performance metrics.
e. Ensure compliance with all government and corporate policies.
f. Institute and maintain industry best-practice standards, processes, and methodologies.

Qualifications

Requires 8 to 10 years with BS/BA or 6 to 8 years with MS/MA or 3 to 5 years with PhD.

Required experience and qualifications:

Active Secret clearance.
BS in electrical engineering or computer science.
10 years overall engineering experience
4+ years providing engineering support for complex, large-scale Navy C4I systems
Desired experience and qualifications; it is desired that the candidate meet one or more of the following experience requirements:
Professional certification from INCOSE, major university or another recognized engineering body
MS in a relevant engineering discipline
DoD 8570 IAT Level II certification
About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sectorfrom investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nations most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).
