Overview

The Senior Financial Data Analyst utilizes technical and analytical skills to analyze large data sets, automate processes and generate new financial reporting. This position is responsible for evaluating financial, operational and other departmental data integrity across multiple systems and platforms. The Senior Financial Analyst will examine data and variances, build out financial and pricing models, develop KPI metrics and provide analysis that is actionable for optimizing revenue, margin, operating expense and other key financial and operational metrics.
Primary Responsibilities

Optimize data collection and analysis using Power BI and BI360 Suite and multiple sources, including but not limited to Oracle NetSuite and other SQL-server based data.
Perform data mining and financial modeling analysis utilizing large sets of financial and non-financial data related to the Company’s operations, financials, profitability, and business strategy.
Develop internal reporting tools using BI360 Suite to track, report, analyze and predict operational and other G&A departmental performance metrics against financial forecasts.
Develop and test new reports and dashboards that further the Company’s understanding of key performance indicators and communicate the implications of analysis to senior management.
Provide financial and non-financial analysis of special projects, assessing their impact on various levels of the business, including costs and profit margin. Provide interpretation of financial and statistical data and results to senior management.
Work closely with software and database developers to translate business requirements into technical specifications for financial analysis, departmental process optimization and reporting solutions.
Develop financial modeling and present to key business leaders to be used in business strategy decision making.
Develop and maintain financial modeling and reporting procedures manual for use in department standardization and training.

Position Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Computer Science, Finance, Accounting or related field.
5+ years of data analysis and/or financial planning/reporting and analysis experience.
Demonstrated proficiency utilizing MS Excel, creating SQL queries and presenting through data visualization tools with knowledge of Power BI Suite, VBA and Python preferred.
Demonstrated ability to maintain confidentiality and professional ethics.
Demonstrated ability to effectively translate complex data analytics into actionable business items with background in statistics preferred.
Must demonstrate proven leadership skills with the ability to influence key decision makers, work autonomously and effectively collaborate across business lines under time pressure and dynamic priorities.
Solid organizational skills with ability to lead teams of various sizes, focus on broader goals and project details simultaneously, and multi-task effectively.
Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing with co-workers, management team, other Departments, vendors, and outside agencies, including being sensitive to professional ethics.
Physical Requirements

The work is of an intellectual nature. While performing the functions of this job, the employee is required to stand and sit for prolonged periods. Specific vision abilities required include close and medium distance vision and the ability to adjust focus. Must be able to hear normal sounds, distinguish sound as voice and communicate through human speech. This position requires the ability to operate a keyboard, computer mouse, telephone, fax, copier, writing tools, and other standard office equipment. On an occasion, an employee will be asked to lift items weighing up to 35 lbs.

Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
We look for the best talent in the business

APPLY NOW
San Diego, CA | Email us at: jobs@vervent.com
