Senior Tactical Data Link System Analyst (multiple locations)

SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to come and join our team!

SBG, a service-disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology, cyber-security, and training, is looking for results-oriented Senior Tactical Data Link System Analysts. We are seeking highly motivated individuals looking to join our rapidly growing company. The ideal candidates for this position would be experienced individuals who are hard-working, have the ability to excel in a fast-paced government contractor environment, and have a positive, energetic attitude. These positions are located in San Diego, CA; Norfolk/Virginia Beach, VA; Washington D.C. Metro; and Hawaii areas.

Overview

SBG Technology Solutions seeks Senior Tactical Data Link System Analysts to work on an exciting Department of Defense contract to provide Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) Support Services. These positions will support the Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) in their work to transform, modernize, improve, and sustain current and future operational maritime tactical Command and Control needs into effective and affordable C2 capabilities for Navy, Marine Corps, Joint, and Coalition warfighters. The overarching goal is to integrate programs into single C2 capabilities, provide configuration and scalable solutions to various platforms, and align to the FORCEnet roadmap.

Key Responsibilities:
Provides DoD Interagency, Coalition, and Enterprise Architecture (EA) leadership support and technical implementation expertise in Tactical Data Link design, development, and governance. The contractor shall support the deployment of DoD EA.
Supports analysis of Enterprise Architecture (EA) activities to include: implementing standard architectural practices; establishing an EA aligned with the Department's strategic goals; facilitating an information exchange; ensuring the interoperability of business practices, systems, and technologies; defining and implementing a systems development life-cycle; architectural assessments and governance; and providing a framework for corporate systems modernization.
Assists with the development of the C4ISR Data Strategy which includes Information Operations (IO), Combat Systems, Tactical Communications, C2 and Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) domains.
Supports the update of program/project databases to support system engineering requirements including problem resolution, use of formulas and other data/statistical analysis tools including graphs, pivot charts, and custom reports, support for meeting
Supports the development of technical papers for initiating new research and development efforts aligned to POR requirements to include conducting analysis, reviewing technical submissions, alignment of effort to POR, and developing test procedures.
Provides technical support and analyses for Analyses of Alternatives (AoAs).
Position Requirements:
A Bachelor’s degree in technical and business area
Active Secret DoD security clearance.
New Navy Ship Construction (SCN) Tactical Data Link planning and design experience.
Comprehensive understanding of Naval Warfare System Certification process and its application to C2P and Link 16. Comprehensive understanding of PEO IWS combat system configuration control board and combat system certification and weapon system safety processes and its application to C2P and Link 16.
Comprehensive understanding of AEGIS and SSDS Combat system Baseline Development process and relationship of combat system baseline processes to C2P and Link 16 planning.
US Navy and/or US Air Force Tactical Data Link experience.
Experience with Department of Defense (DoD), Department of Navy (DoN), Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), PEO, and SPAWAR policies directives, instructions, standards, specifications, and processes.
Comprehensive understanding of SHIPMAIN process and Navy procurement and installation budgeting process.
The ability to apply TDL system engineering skills to development of SCN 7300 cost estimation forms and application of TDL system engineering skills to SCN IPTs is required
Must be a U.S. Citizen to obtain and maintain DoD Security Clearance.
Desired Skills and Experience
8 years of combat system/TDL experience in the Navy’s Warfare System Certification and Fleet Modernization program is highly desired
We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
