At Harris Govern, we build software solutions specific to the requirements of Local Government. Our software suite enables us to bring comprehensive, innovative technology solutions to our customers across North America.

We are seeking a Data Conversion Analyst to join our team to work closely with a group of talented Business Analysts and Technical Specialists, and report to the Professional Services Data Conversion Manager. In the key role of interpreting business rules and data, our customers will rely on your skills and knowledge to migrate data from various systems into any one of our three product lines.

What your impact will be:
Document customer data requirements and work with the project management team to determine out of scope items.
Develop/test/execute data conversion routines within an established conversion framework in a timely and accurate manner.
Develop and maintain internal and customer-facing conversion documentation.
Convert data from multiple data sources into Microsoft SQL Server.
Create Complex T-SQL scripts with limited assistance
Write and maintain automation scripts using Windows PowerShell.
Verify data integrity and identify data cleanliness issues.
Reconcile converted data to ensure accuracy.
Communicate effectively with management.
Develop good working relationships with departmental staff in order to troubleshoot technical and functional issues that may arise during the implementation process.
What we are looking for:
Intermediate skills in MSSQL with the ability to create and edit complex queries and T-SQL scripts including dynamic SQL.
Solid grasp of SET based coding methodology and relational database structures.
Familiarity with a variety of database types and interfaces (Microsoft Access, Oracle, various text formats, ODBC, OLE DB).
Strong troubleshooting skills and analytical thinking to resolve issues.
Positive, proactive, take charge attitude and attention to detail.
Strong time management skills with the ability to meet deadlines for multiple, concurrent projects.
Ability to quickly gain working knowledge of product, interpret requirements, and recommend solutions.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Willingness to be coached and mentored and driven to reach your fullest potential.
Ability to travel up to 20% to customer sites as required.
What will make you stand out:
Two or more years of experience in data conversion or a related field.
Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science or Information Technology, equivalent work experience, or certifications and technical training (Microsoft Certification is a plus)
Experience with Windows PowerShell and source control software.
Understanding of general business and accounting principles and practices sufficient to manage accounting related data.
Experience with local government applications, especially related to property tax assessment and collection, is a plus.
What we offer:
A competitive compensation package
A casual work environment
Full range of employee benefits 401(k), Health Insurance (medical, dental, vision, life, short and long-term disability, AD&D)
Paid Vacation
About us:

Since 1975, Harris Govern has provided end-to-end software software for over hundreds of Local Government agencies in the United States and Canada. Our systems help agencies increase revenue and efficiencies through workflow automation, GIS integration, and document management.

Our headquarters in Allen, TX and Montreal, QC and regional office in Fort Collins, CO allows us to provide you with the operational support that you need to keep your agency and teams running smoothly. All of our software solutions come backed with the best team of technical experts who provide ongoing support throughout the lifecycle of your contract.

Applicants must be legally permitted to work in the United States or Canada. This position eligible to work from remote location or office locations in Ft. Collins, CO, Allen, TX, or Montreal, QB.

Harris is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local law.

If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at (1)-613-226-5511 or at HarrisTalentAcquisition@harriscomputer.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
