Company Summary
Join our team! First American's Mortgage Solutions division provides lenders with solutions to originate, close and service quality loans. As a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, First American (NYSE: FAF) is an ideal place to build your career. We have been entrusted with helping our customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. We believe that our people are the key to the company’s continued success, and we invest in diverse talents and backgrounds and empower our teams to achieve more than they could anywhere else. First American has created an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for the fifth consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, please visit www.firstam.com/mortgagesolutions/
Job Summary


Responsible for collecting and analyzing data - running various mathematical calculations to determine how the data samples might best be applied to profit the business.

Essentials Functions
Data Quality: Conduct data quality reviews using various tools and methodologies.

• Data Trending: Participate in projects involving new data aggregations and custom solutions.

• Fulfillment Support: Work with offshore support team that will be responsible for reoccurring fulfillments and/or QC processes
Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used
Ability to create queries in SQL and build new reports to support the business.
Experience with Power BI preferred
Experience performing data quality reviews and data gap analysis on county recorder content
Ability to enhance, edit and correct data content issues based on knowledge and experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and abilty to interface effectively with product, development, data inquiry and data fulfillment teams
Ability to formulate conclusions and define next steps upon completion of a data quality review process
Typical Education
High School Diploma, Bachelor's degree preferred, or a combination of education and experience will be considered.
Typical Range of Experience
Minimum 5+ years experience working with public record data
First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
