About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with over 110,000 employees in 73 countries and annual revenue of over 11 billion. European number one in Cloud, Cybersecurity and High-Performance Computing, the Group provides end-to-end Orchestrated Hybrid Cloud, Big Data, Business Applications and Digital Workplace solutions. The group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and operates under the brands Atos, Atos Syntel, and Unify. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea), listed on the CAC40 Paris stock index.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information technology space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge, education as well as multicultural and pluralistic approaches to research that contribute to scientific and technological excellence. Across the world, the group enables its customers, employees and collaborators, and members of societies at large to live, work and develop sustainably and confidently in the information technology space.App Dev is only position available within this track. Data Scientist and Business Analyst roles are filled.Position -Software Development - IGNITE Graduate Development ProgramApplication Developer / Data Scientist / Business Analyst - Entry LevelLocation -Irving, TXThe IGNITE graduate development program is being jointly run by the Atos, Atos Syntel and Maven Wave, who are part of the same global IT services group.The Opportunity -Are you looking to ignite your career in technology? Then this will be a fantastic opportunity for you. Waste no time and accelerate your career to become a cloud professional. Using groundbreaking technologies, embracing agile principles and furthering our new cloud practice at the strategic heart of Atos.We empower the most dynamic brands in the world with digital disruption of their industries and digital advancement of their companies. Each year we support graduates across the globe to start their digital journey, we're with you all the way - nurturing your talent, developing your potential and helping you achieve your ambitions.The Software Development Graduate Development Program is designed in phases and is a mixture of formats.* In Phase One, we focus on cloud fundamentals enabling you to find your way within our organization.* In Phase Two, we deep dive into Microservices, Programming languages and DevOps and start working with our amazing customers. We will empower you to attain core cloud technology certifications and get you working directly with our enterprise customers.* In Phase Three, you will select one or more specializations, such as AI, Machine Learning, Kubernetes or Mobile App Development.Throughout this program, we will invite our strategic partners to come in and educate you on their products which are a key part of our solutions today. Are you ready to become the next AWS, Google, and Microsoft Cloud App Development expert?Job Roles after completion -Application DeveloperBrings new ideas to life building impactful solutions and experiences integrating state of the art technologies such as AR, VR and CV. Works closely with business analysts to translate business requirements into technical specifications. Demonstrates solid grasp of software development lifecycle including DevOps and Site reliability engineering. Experience with cloud native methodologies and integrating third-party applications within a complex enterprise application portfolio. Proficiency in traditional application and mobile application development frameworks including exposure to UX/UI design.Data ScientistHelp customers improve their business and operational strategies by processing, analyzing and interpreting advanced data sets. This meaningful role requires expertise in designing and building statistical forecasting models and a passion for problem-framing and problem-solving. Engaging broadly across different customer teams to structure complex business challenges. Selecting the most suitable mathematical models and statistical techniques to address the posed business challenges. Demonstrates expert level knowledge of public cloud, open source, big data and machine learning tools.Business Analyst/ Product OwnerAn exhilarating evolution of the traditional consulting role. Interacts with the customer to understand the digital business challenges. Analyzes business processes, visualize data, articulate business requirements and translate these into engineering requirements. Prioritizes and communicates user needs, making recommendations for process or product feature changes. Enhances Atos operational workflows through process improvements and maximization of automation opportunities.Your Qualifications* University degree majoring in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math)* Within 24 months after graduation* Minimum GPA: 3.0* Professional curiosity and the ability to enable yourself in new technologies* Enthusiasm, resilience, and a positive attitude* We expect excellent communications skills in English* Willing to travel* Dedication to a 12-month development program focusing on both professional and personal development. After successful completion we help you transition into one of the job roles.Your Application -We are now hiring for our July 2020 intake. If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Successful candidates will be invited for an introductory phone or video interview. Please note that we do not accept applications over social media or by email. For questions, you may contact ignite@atos.netHere at Atos, we want all of our employees to feel valued, appreciated, and free to be who they are at work. Our employee lifecycle processes are designed to prevent discrimination against our people regardless of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, or any other aspect which makes them unique. Across the globe, we have created a variety of programs to embed our Atos culture of inclusivity, and work hard to ensure that all of our employees have an equal opportunity to contribute and feel that they are exactly where they belong.
