JOB PURPOSE:
Under general supervision and utilizing Mary Kay Inc’s Business Systems,
provides analytical support to one or more areas of Integrated Supply Chain’s
Data Management department which is responsible for establishing and upholding
company-wide protocols concerning the collection and use of data necessary for
global supply chain operations. Using a basic level of knowledge provides
initial setup and implementation of master data including general item master
information, branch relationships, bills of material, work center routings and
global formula book and page data. This
information is required for proper supply chain systems functionality and is
also centralized for collecting and maintaining all Mary Kay international
market’s master data information.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1. Item Master Part Setup & Maintenance/BOMs
Creates and maintains Mary Kay Inc.’s supply chain systems data fields and tables that contain item attribute information for finished goods, components, bulk and raw materials. Assists with implementing product data information and subsequent changes into the ERP system. Consults with numerous cross-functional supply chain and corporate departments regarding the item master data and uses established business rules to determine data validity. Attends project meetings to learn about changes that may require modifications to product data and provides valuable input at the team level. Monitors the timeline of upcoming projects in Agile to track the upcoming activities and ensures data is gathered in a timely manner to complete by due date. Elevates to supervisor as needed.

2. Routings/Specifications
Performs basic tasks associated with creating and managing work center routings as assigned by project. Information may include scrap rates, yield, line speed, crew size, etc. Analyze requirements for new products and create finished good specifications to support the production execution of the product. Action specification modification requests for existing finished goods or bulk items to determine the scope of change to the product, create a plan of action to manage the change process, and follow-up to ensure changes are made in a coordinated and timely fashion. This analysis provides the framework for finished goods and sub-assembly specifications utilized for product production and quality inspection globally.

3. MRP
Using a basic knowledge of forecast, BOM setup, routings, stock types, planning families and planning codes, performs Material Requirements Planning (MRP) modeling cycles to ensure proper data set up and ERP signals are posting and addresses integrity reporting issues to verify data accuracy. Ensures data from R&D branch plant is set up correctly in the production environment by reviewing MRP detailed messages and resolving discrepancies that exist.

4. Ensures data integrity in Mary Kay Inc’s supply chain systems. Assists in data management, governance, and data quality of master data requirements with other functional data owners. Develops and utilizes various reporting tools that accurately track key indices regarding workload, project status, audit reports, international support and turnaround time. Obtains necessary information from subsidiaries and domestic departments as required. Ensures all documentation for the Data Management department is regularly maintained for accuracy and up to date business rules. Prepares and participates in special projects and tasks assigned.

5. International Part Requests, International BOM Requests, International JDE Implementation & Support
Provides key support due to the centralization of master data for Mary Kay subsidiaries. As requested, assigns international-specific item numbers and bills of material where required. Under general supervision, is responsible for cross-departmental support of Mary Kay Business Systems international implementation and upgrades.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Education:
Bachelor’s degree required. Supply Chain/Information Systems preferred.

Experience:
1 years in Manufacturing/Supply Chain planning systems

1. Must possess passion for excellence in data, processes, and customer service. Requires a self-motivated, self-directed person capable of managing project expectations and optimizing business processes.

2. Must possess effective oral and written communication skills in order to interface with other functional areas in the company.

3. Must be PC literate and proficient in Excel functionality in order to prepare various reports.

4. Must possess strong organization/project management skills, and be detail oriented to meet project timelines, documentation and data integrity expectations.

5. Must be able to think innovatively to help solve routine data-related problems and make suggestions for improvement.

6. Must have a general working knowledge in Mary Kay Inc. Business Systems (WMS/JDE/GPSPro/Agile).

7. Must have a basic understanding of supply chain processes for domestic and international markets.

8. Must be willing to work a flexible schedule in order to support global needs.
