Company Overview:
At ADT, weve been in the business of helping save lives for more than 145 years. As the number one smart home security provider serving residential and business customers, our people are our most important asset. Headquartered in Boca Raton, FL and at more than 200 locations across North America, our employees help empower our customers to live more secure and confident lives. Join our team and help us protect what matters most. For more information, visit www.adt.com or follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram.
Position Summary:

The National Accounts Reporting Analyst will build and maintain dashboards using business intelligence software such as Power BI or Tableau. They will contribute to organizational improvement by gathering and analyzing data, preparing reports, and introducing process improvements throughout the reporting process. They may develop databases and systems for inputting, managing, and securing an organizations data. They use their familiarity with SQL and servers, MAS Databases, and other reporting tools to design and deploy these systems, frequently collaborating with IT professionals to troubleshoot systems and train employees on their use.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities include the following. The National Accounts Reporting Analyst may be expected to perform some or all of the duties listed and other duties as assigned.
Design, build, and maintain dashboards for use by the National Accounts departments
Maintain databases and reporting tools
Meet with staff and provide training on the use of dashboards and reporting tools
Build ad hoc custom reports for leadership
Perform all other duties and projects as assigned

Knowledge:
Familiarity with Mastermind Business/Monitoring data tables.
SQL Proficiency
Skills:
Advanced Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint).
Must have good customer service skills and be able to apply tact, diplomacy, reason and logic.
Must have strong communication skills, including both verbal and written.
Data research and analysis.
Minimum Qualifications:
1-3 years of reporting/analytical experience or equivalent bachelors degree.
Tableau and Power BI experience required.
Project management experience preferred.
ADT Commercial LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. We are committed to having a diverse and inclusive workforce and do our best to foster a culture and environment where every employee feels valued. Our goal is to serve our customers and help save lives. We can achieve this goal when we have the best talent working in an environment where employees feel included and recognized. Visit us online at jobs.adt.com to learn more.
