Role:Senior Data Analyst
Required Skills: Understanding of Sensitive data management ,Python
programming, domain knowledge on SDM and PII data.
Location: Plano, TX

Responsibilities :
Understand business environment and sensitive data management
approaches.
Rule development, testing and deployment
Upgradation and Policy Implementation Should be able to customize
rules and policies to implement out of the box solutions.
Propose solutions to critical issues through specific inquiries and
consultation.
Server Monitoring - Should be able to Analyze, Debug and Troubleshoot
Server issues
User Access Management He should be familiar with access management
tools and how to enable/disable user accesses considering all the
compliance policies and rules in the Org.
Update and maintain project artifacts and documents. Assist in developing
knowledge assets such as methodologies, templates, etc.
Should be having good knowledge of Agile and Scrum
Required Skills:
Excellent Domain knowledge of maintaining PII data and Encryption
Domain Knowledge of Tokenization/Detokenization implementation
Protegrity
Python 3
Java
REST API
Linux
Putty
Agile and SCRUM
Desired Skills:
Understanding of Databases like SQL Server, Oracle, Netezza
Reporting Tools like Tableau
Server Administration
HCL Technologies is a next-generation global technology company that helps
enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital age. Our technology
products, services and engineering are built on four decades of innovation,
with a world-renowned management philosophy, a strong culture of invention and
risk-taking, and a relentless focus on customer relationships. With a worldwide
network of R&D, innovation labs and delivery centers, and 149,000+
Ideapreneurs working in 45 countries, HCL serves leading enterprises
across key industries, including 250 of the Fortune 500 and 650 of the Global
HCL generated consolidated revenues of USD 9.7 billion for 12 Months
Ended 31st Dec, 2019

HCL has been a part of the United States growth and technological
advancement since 1989, when we commenced operations with our first office in
the heart of Silicon Valley. We ve witnessed a remarkable journey in the
three decades that followed, where we ve stayed true to our vision of growi
together: expanding across 21 states to drive complex engineering programs,
creating career opportunities for the nation s brightest, as well as
partnering with several top F500 companies, helping them build their businesses
and better serve their customers, through the innovations, breakthroughs and
new opportunities that have shaped the technology industry today.

We offer an integrated portfolio of products, solutions, services, and IP
through our Mode_1-2-3_strategy built around Digital, IoT, Cloud, Automation,
Cybersecurity, Analytics, Infrastructure Management and Engineering Services,
amongst others, to help enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital
age. For more information, please visit .
EOE Disability/Veteran
Show moreShow less
