TrinityRail is searching for a passionate Data Management Analyst to join our Data Control and Advanced Analytics team in the Dallas, TX, Corporate HQ. The Data Control and Advanced Analytics team works with portfolio management, customer service, fleet maintenance, sales operations, marketing, railcar products and maintenance services. The team provides strategic and tactical support for data quality, transformation and democratization. The Data Management Analyst will be responsible for data quality, stewardship, and analysis of customer information in our business systems, which encompasses multiple elements including marketing, financial, contact, and commercial data. The role will help continually improve the quality, depth, and breadth of customer information in our ecosystem.

What you'll be doing:
Identify, analyze, and resolve data inconsistencies and quality issues with business users and data owners; implement standard review operating rhythm.
Perform data cleansing activities, implementation of business process changes or enhancements.
Develop reporting infrastructure, ad-hoc data extraction, and/or analysis request.
Review and approve changes to key data attributes that ensure high standardization, quality and life cycle management.
Analyze third party data and provide recommendations for integration and enrichment of existing data.
Responsible for accuracy of product catalog, account hierarchy, and customer information within CRM.
Participate on projects to develop system tools and processes to develop future master data requirements for any new system enhancement or process.
Assist data management lead in creating and executing data governance policies, standards, operating procedures, solutions, and metrics regarding data attributes.
Provide inputs for making decisions and providing direction in how customer and performance data is defined, identified, measured, and remediated, as part of an effective governance program.
Adjusts plans and deliverables with the right approvals and the business goals in mind. Ensures that all standards are followed and controls are adequately designed and implemented.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Support defining data standards and deploying governance process for the creation of such data across departments.
Support key initiatives and ensure all components of data governance are met.

What you'll need:
Bachelor's degree required in business, engineering, or other relevant technical background
5 years related work experience required
Advanced skills with Microsoft applications which may include Outlook, Word, Excel, or PowerPoint and other web-based applications. May produce complex documents, perform analysis and maintain databases
Ability to handle multiple concurrent projects while working independently and in team
Experience with analyzing and resolving data issues, trends, or exceptions including data conformity, data governance, or data sensitivity

Preferred
Previous data stewardship/governance experience
Strong problem solving skills and business process oriented
Strong quantitative and analytical skills
Anticipate and resolve issues proactively
Manage a complex workload that includes multiple tasks and conflicting priorities
Capable of effectively documenting and describing complexity for non-technical personnel
Proficient knowledge of CRM
Good understanding of MDM full life cycle concepts and techniques a plus
