Methods+Mastery Dallas is seeking a Data Analyst who is passionate about data-driven intelligence with an interest in data engineering. We're looking for an entrepreneurial analyst who has professional experience conducting quantitative analyses using Python and pulling data from disparate sources via APIs to create rich datasets.

Our new Junior Data Analyst will work directly with members of the multi-disciplinary Methods+Mastery team to produce work for top clients in an entrepreneurial and collaborative environment that values team above all. This work will include assisting our Data Scientist in building out data pipelines, and analyzing data using Python to deliver reports, actionable insights, and strategic recommendations for our clients.

Methods+Mastery offers a fast-paced environment that encourages personal and professional growth and the opportunity to have a panoramic view of Dallas-34 floors up to be exact. We work on projects ranging from regional to global in scope for some resume bolstering brands. You'll have the opportunity to contribute against the full spectrum of communication mediums and disciplines including interactive, mobile, social, advertising, branding, experiential, video, motion, presentations, environmental and print.

Methods+Mastery is an entrepreneurial, collaborative environment that values talented, creative people who like to work with others to create cutting-edge programs for our clients.

We believe a diverse team brings a wider range of personal and professional experiences and perspectives, and we recognize that diversity and inclusion benefit our agency, our clients, and the communities in which we work and live. To that end, we strongly encourage applications from women, people of color, members of the LGBTQ community, veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

Responsibilities:
Support the development of data science products by helping to build data pipelines using cloud computing and APIs
Conduct quantitative analyses in Python using packages such as Pandas, Scikit-Learn, and NLTK
Develop insights and strategies from data pulled through social analytics tools, digital analytics tools, primary & secondary market research and business analysis and competitive data; translate those insights into creative marketing strategies; transform consumer insights into reports and strategic plans.
Work closely with planning, creative and social media team members to develop audience-centric, KPI-driven content campaigns that inspire audiences and influence beliefs and behaviors.
Package and communicate research findings, insights and strategic recommendations - written and verbal - in a clear, concise, and compelling way.
Stay current with the latest social measurement tools and relevant industry trends.
Key Qualifications

The ideal candidate is keenly strategic, versatile and insights-driven; someone who thrives in an energetic, fast-paced entrepreneurial environment. In addition, our new team member will have:
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related quantitative discipline
1+ years professional experience conducting quantitative analyses using Python
1+ years professional experience working with multi-disciplinary teams
1+ years experience with relational databases and data manipulation using SQL
Skilled user of tools such as Excel, Tableau
Preferred Qualifications
Exposure to GCP or similar cloud computing platform (AWS, Azure, etc.)
Experience with real-time listening for real-time engagement (ideally via social media command centers).
Ability to quickly pattern spot and surface actionable insights; separate signal from noise.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Experience writing clear and concise presentations summarizing data, insights, outcomes and implications in a straightforward and enlightening way for teams and clients.
Experience distilling complex and high volumes of data into simple KPIs and data visualizations / dashboards / scorecards.
Collaborative attitude, strong work ethic and ability to thrive and excel in a challenging fast-paced environment.
A desire to work hard, play hard and deliver game-changing work.
To be successful, the candidate must have a desire to deliver quality work for clients/brands, be a team player and demonstrate the ability to get the job done. You'll need a serious interest of trends, best practices, technology and business applications on the Internet and within Methods+Mastery.

About FleishmanHillard

FleishmanHillard specializes in public relations, reputation management, public affairs, brand marketing, digital strategy, social engagement and content strategy. We have been named PRWeek's Global Agency of the Year and Best Places to Work; a "Standout Agency" on Advertising Age's A-List; NAFE's "Top 50 Companies for Executive Women" for six years running; and among our firm's award-winning work we've taken home 5 Lions in the past two years at the Cannes International Festival of Creativity. We're also more motivated by what we can give than what we receive, and in our 70th year we've initiated a worldwide service commitment to support social inclusion in the communities in which we work and live. FleishmanHillard is part of Omnicom Public Relations Group, a division of Omnicom Group Inc., and has more than 85 offices in 30 countries, plus affiliates in 43 countries. Visit us at www.fleishmanhillard.com.

FleishmanHillard is committed to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action. FleishmanHillard does not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where FleishmanHillard does business.

About Omnicom Public Relations Group

Omnicom Public Relations Group is a global collective of three of the top global public relations agencies worldwide and eight specialist agencies in public affairs, marketing to women, fashion, global health strategy and corporate social responsibility. It encompasses more than 6,000 public relations professionals in more than 330 offices worldwide who provide their expertise to companies, government agencies, NGOs and nonprofits across a wide range of industries. Omnicom Public Relations Group delivers for clients through a relentless focus on talent, continuous pursuit of innovation and a culture steeped in collaboration. Omnicom Public Relations Group is part of the DAS Group of Companies, a division of Omnicom Group Inc. that includes more than 200 companies in a wide range of marketing disciplines including advertising, public relations, healthcare, customer relationship management, events, promotional marketing, branding and research.

If you need assistance reviewing career opportunities or completing an application, please call 314-982-6283 or email our careers team.

Please do not contact the office directly to apply - only resumes submitted through this website will be considered.
