We’re looking for a Marketing Data Analyst to develop reports and dashboards that will generate insights that guide our sales and marketing efforts. Come, help us make better decisions through data!
You’ll take responsibility for managing our master data set, developing reports and dashboards, and troubleshooting data issues. To do well in this role you need a very fine eye for detail, experience as a data analyst, and deep understanding of the popular data analysis tools and databases.
In this role, your customers will include lead generation specialists managing marketing programs and sales leaders managing loan officers. You’ll collaborate with them and our amazing tech partners on data quality and the measures/dimensions that tell the best stories.
To be successful in this role, it’s helpful to have experience evaluating digital marketing campaigns and be comfortable with processing and analyzing marketing data.
Ultimately, you’ll help us ensure we spend our marketing budget efficiently and that the right sales reps get rewarded with more leads! (NOTE: Would prefer candidates located in Dallas/Fort Worth area, near our Carrollton, TX location. But we're open to other remote locations as well.)
Essential Job Functions:
Fall in love with marketing and obsess about sales & marketing performance improvement!
Design, develop, test, tune and execute reports that are relevant and meaningful in making marketing and sales decisions
Run SQL queries from databases and manipulate datasets to build answer complex problems
Present results in visually engaging and intuitive reports and dashboards, using PowerBI, that are easily understood and actionable
Learn what attributes, sources, and measures each specialist needs to manage their marketing programs; collaborates with team resources, tech partners, and vendors to provide those data elements and develop reports relevant to the specialist
Coordinate with teammates and partners to resolve data issues, improve the data environment, and gather incremental new data
Non-Essential Job Functions:
Participates in and leads proactive team efforts to achieve departmental and company goals
Adopts Fairway values in personal work behaviors, decision making, contributions and interpersonal interactions
Contributes to a positive work environment by demonstrating cultural expectations and influencing others to reward performance and value "can do" people, accountability, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, continuous improvement, collaboration, creativity and fun
Performs other duties as assigned
Required Knowledge and Skills:
Solid knowledge and understanding of reporting and analytics best practices
Required Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, or related
3+ years’ experience data analyst role
Strong SQL skills
Proficient in MSFT Excel
Proficient in Tableau, PowerBI, or similar; certification preferred
Exceptional attention to detail, time management, communication, and organization
Physical Environment:
This position can be in a corporate office in TX, AZ, IL, or WI; or remote.
Travel Expectations:
Minimal travel may be required for company or career-related meetings, programs, and/or events.
If the above describes you and you're interested joining our Fairway Family, apply today!
