Senior Data Analyst
Site


Dallas, TX

Employment duration


Part-Time/Casual

Job Category


Business Analytics

Apply Now

Job Brief


We are actively seeking multiple Senior Data Analysts at our Plano, TX location!

Analytical Mechanics Associates, Inc., (AMA) is proud of our customer relationships, our diverse and dynamic work environment, and our employees' career satisfaction. AMA is a small business specializing in aerospace engineering, business analytics, information technology, and visualization solutions. AMA combines the best of engineering and mathematics capabilities with the latest in information technologies and visualization to build creative solutions. Headquartered in Hampton, VA, AMA has operations in Huntsville, AL; Dallas and Houston, TX; Denver, CO; Santa Clara and Mountain View, CA; New Orleans, LA; and Hancock County, MS. We offer a competitive salary and attractive benefits package. Our website describes our corporate values and how they apply to the professional success and growth of our employees.

Job Description


Analytical Mechanics Associates, Inc. (AMA) is actively seeking multiple Senior Data Analysts at our Plano, TX location. Project duration is 6-12 months with possible extensions. Projected hours are 40 per week. Key responsibilities include:
As a Senior Data Analyst you will leverage analytic and technical skills to innovate, build, and maintain well-managed data solutions and capabilities to tackle business problems.
On any given day you will be challenged on three types of work – Innovation, Data Management and Business Intelligence:
Innovation
Use Open Source/Digital technologies to mine complex, voluminous, and different varieties of data sources and platforms
Build well-managed data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers
Demonstrate ability to explore and quickly grasp new technologies to progress varied initiatives
Business Intelligence
Partner with the business to provide consultancy and translate the business needs to design and develop tools, techniques, metrics, and dashboards for insights and data visualization
Data Management
Drive an understanding and adherence to the principles of data quality management including metadata, lineage, and business definitions
Work collaboratively with appropriate Tech teams to manage security mechanisms and data access governance
Build and execute tools to monitor and report on data quality
Our ideal candidate will have:
Degree specialized in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics discipline
Strong SQL programming skills and knowledge of relational databases
Strong scripting experience in any one of - Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell, R. Python , VBA
Experience working in Unix environment- shell scripting, job scheduling
Experience using version control software (GitHub, Sub-version)
Strong desire and experience with data in various forms (data warehouses/SQL, unstructured data environments, AWS S3, Hadoop)
Education and Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 2 year of experience in at least one scripting language
At least 3 year of experience in querying and analyzing and working with data languages and platforms
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s Degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics discipline
1+ years’ experience working BI reporting tools (i.e. Tableau and Business Objects)
1+ years of experience working within process management and improvement methodologies – Lean, Six Sigma, etc.
1+ years of experience working with and demonstrating knowledge of data governance, data quality management concepts and data quality tools (i.e. Informatica DQ)
1+ years of experience working with Agile development methodologies
We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
