LAWSON LANDMARK DATA EXTRACT ANALYST Dallas, Texas, United States Healthcare IT Jun 12, 2020Post Date 20202128Requisition # Apply for JobShare this JobSign Up for Job Alerts CTG has an IMMEDIATE opportunity for a Lawson/Landmark Data Extract Analyst. This is a 3-6 month project, and can be done 100% remote. The position entails creating data extracts per specifications provided by a 3rd party vendor of the client. Primary responsibilities include: • Develop Lawson/Landmark data extracts according to technical specifications from 3rd party vendor • Conduct unit testing and participate in all testing efforts with 3rd party vendor • Responsible for delivering data extracts via a secure methodology • Contact and work with client and 3rd party vendor, escalating when appropriate • Provide weekly status reports and documentation of all work deliverables • Knowledge transfer and work will be performed remotely. REQUIRED SKILLS • In depth experience with Landmark version 11.0.23, GHR version 11.0.6 is preferred • Strong knowledge and experience with developing data extracts and providing files to external sources is required • Expert knowledge with working with and extracting attachment files stored in Landmark. • Expert knowledge working with Character Large Object (CLOB) files and converting to text files. Interested parties - please apply online, or email directly to:Theresa.greco@ctg.com. Please put LAWSON LANDMARK and req# 20202128 in the subject line. CTG (NASDAQ: CTG) has developed a reputation for responsiveness and reliability - traits that our clients say set us apart - since our founding in 1966. As one team, we create and deliver information and technology solutions that make our clients more successful and cultivate a workplace that attracts and develops the best people. Our vision is to be an indispensable partner to our clients and the preferred career destination for information and technology experts. CTG has operations in North America, Western Europe, and India and regularly posts news and other important information online at www.ctg.com. Our culture is a direct result of the people who work at CTG, the values we hold, and the actions we take. In other words, our people are the culture. It's a living, breathing thing that is renewed every day through the ways we engage with each other, our clients, and our communities. Part of our mission is to cultivate a workplace that attracts and develops the best people, reflected by our recognition as a Great Place to Work-certified company across many of our global operations. CTG will consider for employment all qualified applicants including those with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable local, state, and federal laws. CTG is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. CTG will assure equal opportunity and consideration to all applicants and employees in recruitment, selection, placement, training, benefits, compensation, promotion, transfer, and release of individuals without regard to race, creed, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, age, disability, marital or veteran status, citizenship status, or any other discriminatory factors as required by law. Our Affirmative Action program serves to promote occupational equality and diversity through good faith efforts. CTG is fully committed to promoting employment opportunities for members of protected classes. Additional Information * Job Function: Application Analysis * Education Level: Non-Degree Program (±14 years) * Work Remote: Yes * Travel: No
