People changing the way brands connect with consumers - one experience at a time.


Delivering experiences rooted in emotion, and inspiring people to become the voice of a brand has made Mosaic one of the fastest growing sales and marketing agencies in North America. We are a destination to tell stories, and pave new paths to connect brands with consumers through experiential, retail, & digital interactions.

The Geographic Information Systems Analyst is a member of the GIS team that creates, analyzes, manages and maintains geographic, business insight for the Mosaic organization. Key to the function of this role is baseline knowledge of GIS systems, programs, and processes along with strong business analysis, planning, and communication skills.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree Preferred
Create maps, reports, and analysis using GIS software for client teams
Meet with client teams to define data needs, project requirements, output, budget, and timeline
Collaborate with the GIS team to create solutions to business problems
Ability to use GIS tools, models, programming and workflows to analyze spatial relationships and streamline processes
Operate and maintain GIS software and hardware including desktops, servers, and cloud services
Compile geographic and business data from various sources including field data, sales, demographics, road networks, and markets
Other duties as assigned.
3 years’ experience working as a GIS Analyst OR a degree in GIS Geography, Urban Planning, Statistics, Computer Science, Business, Political Science, or Economics
1 year previous supervisory or management experience preferred
Experience / proficient in Microsoft Office – Specifically Excel and Power Point
Geographic Analysis – Knowledge of various spatial techniques to analyze the location and distribution of stores, people, and land areas and how they relate to each other.
Communication, Written, Oral, and Cartographic - The ability to convey GIS/spatial information to non-GIS/technical people
Analytical Skills - The ability to solve problems using the GIS suite of tools.
Mathematics - Using mathematics to solve problems
Information Gathering - Knowing how to find information and identify essential information, and validate the information
Computer Science - Using and developing computer programs to solve problems.
Systems Evaluation - Looking at many indicators of system performance, taking into account their accuracy.

Why Mosaic?

Consistently voted one of the best places to work, Mosaic North America gives you the opportunity to work with the world’s most beloved brands that you know and use every day. Every employee is given the keys to charter new ground as they collectively live in the moment of building experiences together. We are a cast of diverse, yet like-minded individuals and we believe in taking risks, creating shared experiences not just for our clients, but for each other to guarantee we’re making the next chapter of everyone’s story the most memorable one yet.


DISCLAIMER:



Acosta/Mosaic North America is an Equal Opportunity Employer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Mosaic reserves the right to modify all or part of any job descriptions at its discretion in order to meet and or exceed the needs of the business.

We are committed to providing accommodations for persons with disabilities. If you require accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs, to the extent required by law.
