Posting Details

Posting Number S02257P
Position Title Business Analytics Analyst II (Data Concierge) (S02257P)
Department University Analytics
Location Arlington
Job Family Information Technology
Position Status Full-time
Work Hours Standard
Work Schedule

Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm.
Open to External and Internal
FLSA
Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience.
Duration Funding expected to continue
Pay Basis Monthly
Benefits Eligible Yes
Job Summary

Function as a business data analyst, SAS programmer and report developer. This position reports to University Analytics and is embedded within a campus department to provide data consultation, analysis, and new report development to meet departmental needs. Special emphasis on full data analysis and report creation, as well as providing executive summaries, visualizations of the analysis and understanding of the meanings within the data.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Consults with department users on their reporting needs, advises them on data availability and reporting formats available to help meet their objectives. Analyzes and validates data using SAS, R or other statistical analysis tools. Develops reports based on client needs. Provides executive summaries and data visualizations to quickly communicate meaning of analysis to department leadership. Contributes to Data Governance activities. Performs other duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related discipline. Five plus (5+) years in SQL programming or the equivalent experience. In-depth knowledge of data mining in SQL or No-SQL data environments. Experience developing in at least one (1) object-oriented programming language. Ability to work well with people in all levels of the organization. Experience in a data analysis, data driven research and/or predictive analysis role is required. Ability to prepare and present reports and dashboards to diverse audiences is required. Displays attention to detail and accuracy. Strong MS Office skills (Word, Excel), SharePoint. Excellent organization, teamwork, problem-solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills. Ability to communicate and collaborate with people at all levels of the organization.
Preferred Qualifications

Master’s degree or higher in Information Systems. Ten plus (10+) years in programming-focused field in higher education where PeopleSoft Campus Solutions is the student information system using SAS data platforms for data analysis. Experience with SAS and predictive and /or statistical analytics. Experience providing executive summaries of data analysis as well as data story telling are both a plus.
Working Conditions
Special Conditions for Eligibility
EEO Statement

UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus.

Number of Vacancies 1
Desired Start Date
Open Date
Review Start Date
Open Until Filled
