ArcBest is a logistics company with creative problem solvers who deliver integrated solutions for complex supply chain challenges.

Wanting to join the ArcBest family? In our search for top talent, we are looking for those that will further enable us to deliver on our vision and fully support our values-driven culture.

Currently, we are looking for a Lead Data Analyst to join the ArcBest team. The Lead Data Analyst serves as an internal analytics consultant leading projects to translate data into valuable strategic and tactical insights that drive results for ArcBest Customer Solutions. This position is a results-oriented, self-starter that works with departments across Customer Solutions to create dashboards, key performance indicators, and other data driven solutions.

Your contribution may include:
Develop business knowledge to effectively anticipate and define opportunities for data analytics.
Partner with product owners, analysts, and managers within Customer Solutions to translate business insights into solutions.
Find opportunities for growth and efficiency within Customer Solutions.
Collaborate with business partners to identify and prioritize analytics opportunities.
Create dashboards and reports for Customer Solutions to support business.
Present data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders.
Perform ad-hoc reporting and analysis.
Other duties and projects, as assigned.
As a Lead Data Analyst, you will be a member of the ArcBest Customer Solutions: Process Improvement Team. Your hours will be Monday through Friday, 8:00am to 5:00pm, with irregular hours that may occur depending on work load.

Ready to apply? Before doing so, please make sure you meet the minimum requirements:

Education: Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Business or other related field, preferred.

Experience: Minimum, two years' experience in a data analytics role. Minimum, one year experience in the logistics industry. Minimum, one year experience in a role leading projects.

Computer Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, VBA, Tableau and Cognos.

If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact [1] arcbhr@arcb.com or call us at (479) 785-8963. An Equal Opportunity Employer including Vet/Disability.

References

Visible links
mailto:arcbhr@arcb.com"
An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Vet/Disability
