Come join one of the largest transportation organizations in all of North America!

First Group America is currently hiring for a Senior Data Quality Analyst. This position will assist the Risk/Insurance Department in managing the various information systems and databases. This position will also prepare customized data analysis using different statistical methodology and tools to assess data quality and claims administration best practices, to identify cost reduction opportunities.

This is a great opportunity to enhance your skill set, grow and contribute with a dynamic company.

Job Responsibilities:
Prepares standard weekly, monthly, quarterly, bi-annual, and annual reports for all levels of management including senior management. Includes ad hoc reporting when required.
Assists in manage, maintain and monitor the quality of the data integrity into Risk Management’s Risk Management Information System (RMIS).
Assist (RMIS) administrating new users, set user privileges for data entry, setting reserves, printing checks etc..
Keeps daily contact with managers within the Risk department, claim technicians, and Accounting/Finance/Legal Department for operational purposes.
Assist Develop and updating appropriate models to perform robust data analytics to understand the meaning of the data and recommend solutions for continuous improvement for both pre-loss and post-loss claims management.
Production of various Key Performance Indicators to track vendor performance and ensure quality claims administration best practices
Assists the Department in the preparation of the Corporate Insurance Program Annual Renewal.
Automate various reports using existing reporting tools
Assists other departments with ad hoc reporting or statistical analysis
Participate in the planning, specification, development and implementation of new risk systems and enhancements to existing systems.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience is required
2+ years of experience
Risk insurance, financial, actuarial analysis or relative field is a plus
Advanced knowledge of SQL and MS Excel are required
MS Office Application including - Access, Power Point and Word
Experience with reporting and data visualization tools like Cognos, Tableau, Power BI
Strong oral, writing and presentation skills needed
Strong analytical/problem solving skills
Experience and knowledge of R and Python is preferred
Apply/submit a resume today, for an exciting and challenging position within the First Family!

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer

FirstGroup is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status
