REQUIREMENTS:
4+ years of extensive experience in IDQ feature set – data profiling/analyst, match/merge, exception data handling, meta data management.
6+ years of extensive experience with Informatica Power Center either with Oracle and/or Teradata.
Experience working with one or more of Address cleansing/standardization/matching, CASS certification, Geospatial data and Tax Geocode, FIPS and Census information.
SUMMARY:
The ideal candidate will have deep understanding of data warehouse concepts with modeling techniques.
Responsible for working with Data Warehouse team members to design, code, test and support DW applications/load processes within an Oracle, Teradata and Informatica environment.
Hands on Oracle, Teradata and Informatica suite of products development/support experience required. Experience in big data technologies is a plus. Self-driven, outside the box thinking and ability build POCs is a must.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE;
Bachelors or Masters in Information Systems or equivalent.
Minimum 8 – 10 years in information technology 8+ years in a data warehouse environment.
MAJOR DUTIES:
Familiarity with software development methodologies and lifecycle processes. Design and maintain ETL procedures in a variety of environments, including UNIX, Windows, Oracle, Teradata and Informatica.
Define, document and execute test cases to effectively validate the new components of the data warehouse being developed, enhanced or otherwise maintained.
Define and follow standards for data warehouse. Engage in peer reviews of design and code.
Complete mandatory application documentation, as specified by project.
Provide support for applications developed and be able to resolve problems encountered.
This support is both during normal work hours and off hours, as required, to bring application back into Service Level Agreement times. Follow company problem and change management processes.
Mentor to other personnel - provide knowledge transfer as necessary. Work with Oracle, Teradata, Informatica product suite and Tibco spotfire reporting environments.
If you have the above qualification and are available to look into this opportunity please send your updated resume along with your contact# and I will call you back to discuss further.
Cordially,
Mohammed Abdul
APN Software Services, Inc .
39899 Balentine Drive, Suite 385, Newark, CA 94560 .
Direct: 510.623.5049 | Fax: 510.623.5055 | Email: abdul@apninc.com
