OneMain Financial (NYSE: OMF) is the countrys largest lending-exclusive financial company. With nearly 1,600 branches across 44 states, we proudly offer safe, affordable and transparent installment loans to millions of hard-working people. Our customers turn to us to meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills, home improvements and auto purchases. OneMain is constantly innovating to serve customers when, where and how they want. Our steadfast commitment to doing the right thing extends to our customers, our employees and the communities where we live and work a mission that hasnt changed for more than 100 years.

As a Data Analyst Sr. within the Internal Audit Division, you will leverage data to support/supplement internal audit testing and coverage; cultivate meaningful information on the effectiveness of the company control structure and maturity level of governance, risk management and compliance functions; automate audit and data analysis processes to optimize efficiency and effectiveness; and, make data more accessible to the audit team using data visualization techniques.

Data analytics, big data, robotic process automation, artificial intelligence, etc. have all become hot topics in business. The ideal candidate for this position has the experience and education to advance Internal Audit in the understanding, development and use of these emerging concepts.

Responsibilities:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis.
Present information using data visualization techniques.
Drive and support auditor use of analytics in individual engagements and create new methods for better understanding risk.
Utilize data mining techniques to provide evidence for audits/investigations, documentation of working papers and report audit findings to stakeholders and senior management.
Process unstructured data into a form suitable for analysis then do the analysis.
Utilize historical trends and predictive models, to identify business control weakness/deficiency and emerging risks.
Assist in optimizing the audit workflow and use of the GRC application.
Identify and develop continuous auditing opportunities using data analytics with focus on control effectiveness, governance and risk management.
Provide meaningful data analysis covering departmental objectives, audit bench-marking and issue trends for a variety of organizational reporting requirements (including Audit Committee).
Independently and accurately document, evaluate, and communicate the results and conclusions of all work performed.
Conduct and effectively handle special assignments for management as requested.
Keep up to date with latest technology trends.
Qualifications:
BS/MS degree in an analytical or data driven discipline.
A minimum of 2 years analytics experience in financial services, audit or consulting.
Up-to-date knowledge of machine learning and data analytics tools and techniques.
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation.
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Experience with RSA Archer and common data analytics tools a plus.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Self-motivated and creative thinker.
Some travel required.
Benefits:

At OneMain, we know that in order for our team members to be their best, they need the right opportunities and benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package for full-time and some part-time employees includes: health and wellbeing options for team members and dependents, up to 4% matching 401(k), tuition reimbursement, continuing education, incentive pay, paid time off, paid volunteer time and more.

#LI-AB1
