HReed & Company manages the search and recruiting process
providing companies the ability and confidence to choose the best
employees, while freeing managers to focus on their
responsibilities. Honesty, ethics and integrity guide our
decisions and behaviors; respecting the worth of every
individual.

The Data Operations Analyst will assist the Systems Manager in
monitoring and supporting the operations of the Back Office
System to ensure on time and accurate billing, accurate
reconciliation of all revenue and accurate reporting of revenue.

Responsibilities:

Monitor transaction generation, data transmission and data
validation of transactions and accurate and timely image review
by the Back Office System.

Participate with system integration, test execution and user
acceptance test execution.

Review comment and update test plans to support business.

Review test plans and test evidence documents and ensure that
test results adheres to business processes.

Oversee system enhancements and software releases, ensuring
compliance with business requirements.

Oversee functional end-to end testing

Review and evaluate all of the central system test plans and test
cases to ensure compliance to all operation, technical and
performance requirements and identify operations shortcomings and
non-compliance items and usability.

Monitor and support accurate and timely transaction processing
and submission of transactions for billing.

Interact with various departments to ensure a smooth and
efficient integration and operations.

Support day to day operational activities, reporting revenue
transactions, and KPI indicators.

Work with the relevant business group to develop reporting
requirements, manage development, test and implementation.

Coordinate and collaborate with field manager on the integration
of the central system with the deployment of the roadside
components, ensuring its logic, functional and technical
alignment as well as schedule alignment.

Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in IT, finance, computer science or related
field

Minimum of 5 years experience performing business analysis in a
high volume transaction environment

Prefer a Project/Program management or coordination experience of
multiple teams in a technology systems environment

Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel, Work and Power Point

Working knowledge of Visio and Microsoft Project

Compensation & Benefits:

Compensation is commensurate with experience and knowledge.

Medical, Dental, Vision, Short Term Disability and Long-Term
Insurance; 401K, annual bonus, and generous PTO, plus paid
holidays.

Contact: Hattie Reed, hattie@hreedandcompany.com - 303.437.4283
