Job Description


Job #: 1074072

Apex Systems is seeking a Data Analyst for a 6 month contract with one of our top financial clients in Plano, Texas! Please apply via the medium in which you are viewing this posting, or email your resume to Sara Clagett, Technical Recruiter, at sclagett@apexsystems.com. Apply today!

Title: Data Analyst

Location: Plano, TX

Duration: 6 month contract

Compensation: Dependent upon experience

Responsibilities:
Perform quantitative and qualitative analysis of econometric data, relating constants and variables, restrictions, alternatives, conflicting objectives, and their numerical parameters.
Define data requirements and gather and validate information, applying judgment and statistical tests.
Develop data structures to support the generation of business insights and strategy. -Maintain data infrastructure and develop scripts for regular processes.
Design and develop operational data analysis and visualization tools, techniques, metrics, and dashboards to meet business needs.
Analyze data analysis requests obtained from management to determine operational problems and define data modeling requirements, validation of content, and problem solving parameters.
Identify opportunities to use data to develop new strategies and improve business performance and utilize knowledge of mathematical modeling and other optimization methods to perform quantitative and qualitative data analysis.
Communicate and present data to management by developing reports using Tableau or Business Intelligence tools.
Qualifications:
Master's degree or foreign equivalent in Operations Research, Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Analytics, Engineering, Science, or a related quantitative analytical field and the following skill set through education or work experience:
Quantitative and qualitative analysis developing reports using Tableau or Business Intelligence tools (GG Plot, MATLAB, Python, D3, Jupiter, or R Shiny)
scripting tools (Python, Perl, JavaScript, or Shell)
SQL
data warehouses, structured data environments, unstructured data environments, PIG, HIVE, or Impala
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
