Join Joomag, one of the fastest growing digital publishing companies out there with over 500,000 publishers on board. The Marketing Data Analyst will use audience data to track campaign success, map user experiences, develop reports and dashboards that surface key learnings and frame up opportunities across the organization.

Responsibilities:
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets of varying size and complexity. Lead efforts to resolve data quality issues by identifying root-cause errors and presenting potential solutions.
Explore marketing data using the following analytical techniques: customer profiling, segmentation analysis, data analysis and mining, and predictive statistical modeling.
Look for opportunities to automate portions of data collection and integration processes and/or capture data along different stages of the buyer journey.
Work with a cross functional team to improve the integration and dissemination of data and intelligence across the company.
Drive data-related tasks of marketing programs and campaigns daily. Ensure data integrity and quality, and adhere to all data sharing and customer privacy guidelines and regulations.
Track and analyze results and key metrics from direct and digital marketing campaigns. Evaluate and optimize effectiveness of marketing campaigns. Design reports and findings documents. Distribute and present reports and key findings.
Serve as subject matter expert to the marketing team on data trends innovation and trends that affect our industry, customers and prospects.
Interpret the needs of cross-departmental partners and present relevant analytical approaches to support or satisfy those needs.
Provide recommendations for the structure and use of marketing data and project management for the use these recommendations across departments and function
Requirements
2-4 years’ experience in data analysis and database management.
Expert level knowledge working in SQL required.
Experience working with relational databases and report generation utilizing SQL required.
Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills.
Experience with data management, KPI analysis and management information systems
Ability to manage data on a tactical basis, while also delivering strategic insights and direction
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Benefits
Permanent Full-Time Position
401(k)
Medical/Vision/Dental Plans
PTO
Perks! Monthly Happy Hours and Convention/Expo Opportunities
