Data and User Acceptance Test Analyst

The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with our client, a multinational IT company specialized in consumer products (hardware & software) and services.

Location: Cupertino, CA

Duration: 8-month contract with possibility of renewal.

Candidate must be eligible for direct W2 contract.

Job Descriptions:

The Data and UA Test Analyst will be responsible of managing data analytic implementation and testing projects.

Job Requirements:
Technical Degree in related fields
Experience in data and User Acceptance testing.
Project management - experience in managing / leading projects.
Good analytical skills with Tableau and MS Excel.
Experience in Python scripting.
Excellent and effective communications.
Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
