Netflix is a pioneer in the entertainment industry and a global provider of
streaming video content, now reaching over 180 million subscribers spread
across nearly every country in the world. Our customers consume billions of
hours of content per month on a myriad of devices, and business continues to
grow rapidly as we focus on penetrating key international markets.

In 2019, we spent $12 billion on films, TV shows, and other exciting content,
much of which will be branded Netflix Originals. As we venture to become the
world s greatest movie studio, we must successfully develop studio tools th
will keep us nimble and effective. To that end, our organization is fast-
growing and is a critical part of the business.

This area owns all applications built internally to assist various Netflix
Content finance teams, and we are looking for a senior data analyst to support
our finance team. Leaning on a consistent record in customer support with
large-scale enterprises, we expect this role to drive our efforts to support a
suite of apps that handle the company's content spend (covering programming,
budgeting and forecasting, deal tracking, payments, accounting, and financial
reporting).
Los Gatos, California Product Core Engineering Senior Data Analyst - Studio
Finance Engineering Netflix is a pioneer in the entertainment industry and a
global provider of streaming video content, now reaching over 180 million
subscribers spread across nearly every country in the world. Our customers
consume billions of hours of content per month on a myriad of devices, and
business continues to grow rapidly as we focus on penetrating key international
markets. In 2019, we spent $12 billion on films, TV shows, and other exciting
content, much of which will be branded Netflix Originals. As we venture to
become the world s greatest movie studio, we must successfully develop stud
tools that will keep us nimble and effective. To that end, our organization is
fast-growing and is a critical part of the business. This area owns all
applications built internally to assist various Netflix Content finance teams,
and we are looking for a senior data analyst to support our finance team.
Leaning on a consistent record in customer support with large-scale
enterprises, we expect this role to drive our efforts to support a suite of
apps that handle the company's content spend (covering programming, budgeting
and forecasting, deal tracking, payments, accounting, and financial reporting).
Build reports and visualizations to support finance and content teams
Understand and own our financial data to connect data sets across our studio
suite of applications
Work on SQL, Hive, Spark, Presto, R, Python, etc to drive analysis.
Create and monitor errors and alerts to maintain data quality
Partner with product managers and non-technical users to translate loose
business questions into actionable reports and insights
Partner with engineering teams to understand our data
Analytical skills with an excellent grasp of SQL, R, Python, etc.
Experience and expertise with at least 2 reporting tools such as tableau,
Looker, etc
You enjoy working with data to identify patterns, anomalies and opportunities
You love to use data to drive decision-making.
Focus on accuracy as these reports are used for key business decision-making
and external reporting.
Exposure to Machine learning, Data science models is a bonus
Experience with ETL is a plus
Experience with visual / UI design a plus
Show moreShow less
