Posted: May 18, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200161665
The Product Marketing Customer Analytics team is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist with deep technical and consultative experience in business analytics and analytic engineering.
Key Qualifications
Excellent understanding of analytical methods and machine learning algorithms including regression, clustering, classification, optimization, regularization, dimensionality reduction and other advanced analytic techniques.
5+ years of industry experience building data science driven solutions to solve business problems.
3+ years of hands-on coding skills (Python, R, and Spark preferred) processing large-scale data, deriving key insights, developing machine learning models on structured and unstructured data, and maintaining production machine learning pipelines that are part of a production-type analytic solution.
Solid technical database and data modeling knowledge (Oracle, Hadoop, Teradata), and experience optimizing SQL queries on large dataset.
2+ years of experience working with Tableau or other data visualization technologies.
Outstanding written, verbal, and presentation skills with the ability to develop and present conclusions and recommendation to senior executives.
Able to work effectively on sometimes ambiguous data and constructs within an fast changing environment, tight deadlines and priority changes.
Team player who enjoys collaborating with others.
Description
Support Product Marketing, Investor Relations, and the Executive Team with analytics for customer product and services engagement.

Conduct regular and ad-hoc analyses, data mining and predictive analytics to provide leadership with actionable insights at tactical and strategic levels related to the active customer and device install base.

Consult and support Product Marketing business analysts with insights and recommendations for iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, Apple Watch, and the intersection of customer product and services engagement.

Work cross-functionally with iTunes, iCloud, Sales, Retail, Apple Online Store, AppleCare and Services teams on collaborative customer analytic projects.

Conceive and design end-to-end optimized data modeling pipelines and customer analytic scripted solutions using Python and/or Spark.

Manage data science projects through all phases, including data quality, data modeling, algorithm/feature development, statistical analysis, and data visualization.
Education & Experience
Graduate degree required in Business (with quantitative emphasis), Statistics, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Analytics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, or related field.
