Requisition ID: 258554
Work Area: Software-Development Operations
Expected Travel: 0 - 10%
Career Status: Professional
Employment Type: Regular Full Time

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

Key Responsibilities & Tasks

> Works in a cross-functional implementation team and is responsible for development focusing on design, coding, testing and quality assurance of specific product features.
> Ability to analyze and solve issues in existing and new code.
> Demonstrates full responsibility for accepted tasks and therefore demonstrates a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency.
> Works closely together with other team members to ensure the team success. Enhances skills beyond own core functional focus and works on other tasks for the benefit of the team.
> Has proficient overall product knowledge incl. relevant business processes & scenarios and a basic understanding of customer needs.
> Has basic knowledge and technical competencies of relevant programming languages and related development tools and processes.
> Works independently and designs solutions to enhance test automation and processes within own domain expertise.
> Analyzes, defines, implements and executes quality and test related activities according to a given test strategy for the product area.
> Creates a detailed test design incl. test system landscape requirements and product standards, prepares tests (customizing & master data), authors and executes manual and/or automated tests.
> Analyzes test results and takes appropriate follow-up actions.
> Coaches the team in terms of development, quality assurance and test related processes, methods and tools.
> Collaborates with user experience experts and implement proposed designs of specific product features.
> Attends customer interaction activities (conference calls, on-site sessions, escalations) for specific product features and shares learning back with the implementation team.
> Shares knowledge and helps grow the capabilities of the team through presentations, mentoring, and coaching in your implementation team.

Accountability

>responsible for delivery of outcome of assigned sub projects
>works independently within given area of responsibility (within defined policies and processes)
>contributes to milestones

Complexity

>contributes and works on sub projects and activities with moderate level of complexity
>work is independent & collaborative in nature.
>provides regular updates to manager or project manager on project status
>Decisions/solutions can essentially enhance existing systems & processes

Experience

>strong competence with various tools, procedures, programming languages used to accomplish the job

Communication

>builds collaborative work relationships with similar functions across SAP
>communicates clearly, in a way that others can understand within defined processes & policies
>communicates relevant messages in a timely manner and with constructive feedback to colleagues & managers

WHAT YOU GET FROM US
Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own.
A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT
To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.

Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
Additional Locations:
