Situated in Stanford's
highly dynamic research environment, the Moding Laboratory
(modinglab.stanford.edu), led by Everett Moding, MD, PhD is seeking a Bioinformatician/Research
Data Analyst 1 to manage and analyze high throughput sequencing and clinical
data from cancer patients under the direction of
project researchers and investigators. The
Moding Laboratory performs translational cancer research by analyzing human
tissue and blood samples with next-generation sequencing. Using a combination
of state-of-the-art computational and experimental techniques, we aim to
identify critical mediators of treatment resistance that can be validated in
preclinical models and targeted to enhance the efficacy of cancer therapy. The
Moding laboratory is administratively situated within the Stanford University
School of Medicine’s Department of Radiation Oncology. As an NCI-designated
Comprehensive Cancer Center the Stanford Cancer Institute is a dynamic and stimulating
place to work as it maintains the highest level of scientific rigor,
institutional support and coordination for the complete range of cancer-related
research, including basic, translational, clinical and population-based
science.
Duties include:

Collect, manage and clean datasets.
Employ new and existing tools to
interpret, analyze, and visualize multivariate relationships in data.
Create databases and reports,
develop algorithms and statistical models, and perform statistical analyses
appropriate to data and reporting requirements.
Use system reports and analyses to
identify potentially problematic data, make corrections, and determine root
cause for data problems from input errors or inadequate field edits, and
suggest possible solutions.
Develop reports, charts, graphs and
tables for use by investigators and for publication and presentation.
Analyze data processes in
documentation.
Collaborate with faculty and
research staff on data collection and analysis methods.
Provide documentation based on
audit and reporting criteria to investigators and research staff.
Communicate with government
officials, grant agencies and industry representatives.
Develop machine learning and image
processing software for research.
* - Other duties may also be assigned

DESIRED
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's, MS, or PhD
degree in Bioinformatics, Computer Science or a related field with two years of
relevant experience.
Strong background in
bioinformatics and biostatistics, including experience with analysis of
next-generation sequencing data.
Experience and comfort
in working within a UNIX/Linux environment.
Background in
programming languages such as Python, R, Matlab, Perl.
Good communication and
team skills and fluency in both spoken and written English.
Knowledge of techniques
for analyzing tumor purity and clonal heterogeneity.
A background in
evolutionary biology and familiarity with phylogenetics techniques.
Knowledge of Monte Carlo
based statistical methods.
Background in cancer
biology.
Familiarity with
predictive modeling and machine learning.

EDUCATION
& EXPERIENCE (REQUIRED):
Bachelor's degree or a combination of
education and relevant experience. Experience in a quantitative discipline such
as economics, finance, statistics or engineering.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (REQUIRED):

Substantial experience with MS
Office and analytical programs.
Strong writing and analytical
skills.
Ability to prioritize workload.
Skills in machine learning and data
analysis software.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*:

Sitting in place at computer for
long periods of time with extensive keyboarding/dexterity.
Occasionally use a telephone.
Rarely writing by hand.

* -
Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide
reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires
accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.

WORKING
CONDITIONS:
Some work may be
performed in a laboratory or field setting.

WORK STANDARDS:

Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates
the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external
organizations.
Promote Culture of Safety:
Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety;
communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on
training and lessons learned.
Subject to and expected to comply
with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not
limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University's
Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu.

Additional Information



Schedule: Full-time


Job Code: 4751


Employee Status: Regular


Grade: G


Department URL: http://radonc.stanford.edu/


Requisition ID: 86757
