Posted: Feb 20, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200146100
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

As the Senior Data Analyst within the Worldwide Business Process Re-engineering organization, you will own and be part of global projects from Inception through Benefits Realization. As a data and reporting leader you will drive transformational data and analytics initiatives for improving the effectiveness and efficiency for sales business functions. Having the right blend of technological depth, Sales process and systems expertise along with program management skills is key to the success of the role. You will be expected to manage end to end delivery of large to small scale projects in the data & analytics area through active leadership and partner management, both at strategic and tactical levels. Very Strong presentation skills and executive presence, with effective communication to create impact and influence both at executive and mid-level management.
Key Qualifications
Deep understanding of BI methodologies, Data Architecture principals, Master data and metadata.
Ability to support the creation of single source of truth for performance monitoring leveraging agreed upon data definitions, create a common data foundation, and semantic layers to be consumed by business.
Deliver highly available, reliable, innovative large-scale data warehousing solutions to facilitate data induction, build optimized aggregates and building reporting solutions.
Provide leadership and expertise to define solutions architecture and strategies at all layers, for next generation reporting platform with high performance and scalability.
Experience with a broad range of technology capabilities in BI and DW, with industry trends and new age platforms.
Deep knowledge and hands-on experience working with database technologies like Teradata, MySql, Oracle and Vertica and multiple BI platforms such as Business Objects, Tableau, and others.
Strong understanding of operational processes, systems and data in multiple areas of Sales & operations; Sales B2B, B2C, Forecasting, Quote to Cash, Pipeline management.
Understanding of data design and architecture principles for complex business scenarios.
Identify patterns, attribute hierarchies and data relationships and organize into data dictionaries, create standardized definitions for metrics and critical metrics.
Analytical and problem-solving experience, exposure to large-scale systems and some experience writing code.
Strong business analysis skills - capturing and documenting requirements, understanding business impacts and tradeoffs, conducting interviews and workshops, proposing solutions, documentation and process mapping, etc.
Literacy with MS Word, MS Excel, and basic project planning tools.
Work in a matrix organization and navigate effectively through Communication and relationship building.
Define and drive the long-term vision & develop strategic roadmaps to achieve the vision and goal.
Bring a strong sense of execution and accountability for the overall success of the program.
Experience planning, managing, delivering medium (6-8 month) to large (8-12+ month) programs/projects.
Experience across multiple industry sectors is preferred, with High Tech a must have.
Broad Sales B2C, B2B, and supply chain management expertise
Articulate the technology, requirements, goals and landmarks of the program working with multiple teams.
Provide technical guidance, direction and problem solving to engineering team members. Drive technical excellence in software development and solution design.
Use and help chip in to standard software engineering processes(Waterfall/Agile), improve development methodologies over time. Engage with architects, engineers, BI developers across regions and departments to deliver the program.
Description
This role will be part of Sales BPR team that supports Worldwide Sales at Apple and the role requires a deep understanding of sales & supply chain functions to handle complex, global initiatives supporting a wide range of capital and non-capital initiatives. You will be responsible for leading cross-organizational teams to define, build and roll-out innovative data solutions that improve strategic and operational decision making capability, builds customer satisfaction, drives revenue and increases efficiency.

The role will work with senior management and global teams to define technological and capability roadmaps, driving improvements of the organization, processes and use of systems and data for Apple's Sales organization. This effort is directly linked to our customer strategy and needs to be forward-looking.

THIS MAY INCLUDE:
Excellent understanding of business intelligence technologies, data architecture concepts and methodologies
Understanding future strategies and directions to anticipate needs.
Building internal and external expertise driving standard methodology and innovation.
Translate complex business requirements into scalable technical solutions meeting Data Warehousing standards
Solid understanding of analytics needs and proactive-ness to build generic solutions to improve the efficiency.
Proposing and driving new solutions that may be implemented WW or addressing local processes.
Strong data and BI analysis skills - detailed analysis and definitions of important metrics, measures, business logic and calculations, hierarchies and aggregations, source system analysis, reporting requirements, etc.
Ability to understand and influence the technical solution and scalability concerns.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
In partnership with the business function, BPR (Business Process Re-engineering) and IS&T (Information Systems & Technology), this individual will:
Serve as liaison to Sales teams to develop solution capabilities to support business analytics requirements.
Partners with key teams to solicit business user feedback to identify improvement opportunities for implementation.
Consults business partners and team members within Sales, Sales Finance, Operations and Finance partners.
Define and drive programs and projects relevant to the delivery of BI, reporting, and analytics capabilities.
Drives the design, development, implementation and management of projects/programs
Lead change. Implement new ideas effectively within the Apple culture. Influence decisions and change management through collaboration, leadership and a customer- focused approach
Develop and maintain key project governance documentation to ensure the proper amount of structure is applied to enable project success
Addresses critical issues, quickly assess and develop root cause analysis and problem solution for operations issues
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s degree is required. MS or MBA is preferred

7+ years of experience developing DW/BI solutions with 5+ years of managing programs in the data space

Strong process focus, ability to continuously improve and find opportunities for improvement in the business.
