Data and User Acceptance Test Analyst The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with our client, a multinational IT company specialized in consumer products (hardware software) and services. Location Cupertino, CA Duration 8-month contract with possibility of renewal. Candidate must be eligible for direct W2 contract. Job Descriptions The Data and UA Test Analyst will be responsible of managing data analytic implementation and testing projects. Job Requirements Technical Degree in related fields Experience in data and User Acceptance testing. Project management - experience in managing leading projects. Good analytical skills with Tableau and MS Excel. Experience in Python scripting. Excellent and effective communications. Why Kelly Registered ? As a worker today, it's up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find what's next is what we're all about. We know what's going on in the evolving world of work-just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined. About Kelly Registered At Kelly, we're always thinking about what's next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we're a leading advocate for temporarynontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law. KellyGTS
