POSITION: Data Analyst / Senior Data Analyst

FUNCTION: Medical Affairs

LOCATION: Redwood City, CA

POSITION SUMMARY: The Data Analyst / Senior Analyst will be responsible for designing and delivering advanced quantitative data analyses to support the various aspects of clinical development, medical communications and the development and progression of the Medical Affairs narrative. The Analyst will:
Work with internal partners to understand and address critical issues
Perform complex data analyses in support of both ongoing and ad-hoc projects
Support the process of evidence generation
Conduct analyses to support scientific and medical publications
Develop presentation material to succinctly and effectively communicate the output of these analyses for internal and external audiences
This role requires advanced technical skills, experience working with large datasets (EMR, clinical trial data, data cleaning and building analysis models, etc.) and demonstrated ability to derive actionable insights from quantitative data analyses.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Apply strong technical/analytical expertise to analyze data, understand complexities, and generate reports/presentations, including use of analytical databases/tools like Microsoft Excel and statistical and visualization programs (GraphPad, Tableau, etc.)
Ensure consistency of analytic techniques and delivery against data review requirements
Develop framework for post-hoc analyses to streamline delivery of data to internal stakeholders
Interpretation of data and understanding of implications in order to generate insights and answer a variety of business questions
Partner with Clinical and Medical Affairs teams to spearhead end-to-end data releases and plan for analysis of data
Facilitate data communications and prioritize areas of further analysis
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal with strong attention to quality control
QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERTISE:

Bachelors degree in statistics, bioinformatics, computer science, engineering, math, business, life sciences or equivalent field. Masters degree preferred.
Preferred 2+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, data analytics or similar roles in biotech / pharma / finance / consulting
Proven analytical background, and the ability to simplify complex insights and findings to business partners through compelling communication and presentation skills
Extensive experience with PowerPoint presentations in consulting or banking preferred. Experience creating data slides with embedded data charts is preferred
Expertise in Excel is required to conduct complex data analysis (e.g., INDEX, MATCH, LOOKUP, AVERAGEIFS, COUNTIFS functions, etc.). Experience with advanced database manipulation tools and/or statistical programs (GraphPAD, SAS, R, etc.) is preferred
Demonstration of successful execution in a fast-paced environment managing multiple priorities
Team player with strong interpersonal, collaboration and communication skills
This position is located in Redwood City, CA.

The salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and qualifications.

Please apply to careers@allakos.com

Allakos is an equal opportunity employer. Allakos will consider all qualified applicants for employment without discrimination on grounds of disability, sex or sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity leave status, race or national or ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, gender identity or re-assignment, marital or civil partnership status, protected veteran status (if applicable) or any other characteristic protected by law.
