ABOUT US

Lark is the world's largest A.I. healthcare provider, servicing more than a million patients suffering from, or at risk of, chronic disease with A.I. Nurses. We're on a mission to improve people's health and happiness through our digital health coach. We are the only A.I. nurse ever to become fully medically reimbursed to 100% replace a live nurse because we achieved equivalent health outcomes to live healthcare professionals - which allows for infinitely scalable healthcare. Since launch, Lark has continued to receive awards and accolades for both our product, and our leadership, including:
Apple's Top 10 Apps in the World
Business Insider's most innovative companies in the world along with Uber and Snapchat
A CEO who was recognized as the #1 in Top 10 Women in Tech to Watch by Inc.
CDC recognition of our Diabetes Prevention Program.

Lark is open to someone working remote for this role in the United States.

We are looking for an experienced Senior Data Analyst to join our growing team in Mountain View, CA. You will work cross-functionally with the data, product and business teams to analyze user behavior cohorts, and give recommendations on the best action to take for improving outcomes for our users, and for the business. The person who will succeed in this role is someone who has worked in a fast-paced startup environment analyzing complex product datasets

ABOUT THE ROLE

What You'll Do:

Duties & Responsibilities
Analyze the impact of recently deployed features to determine their impact on user engagement
Design and analyze A/B tests, including hypothesis testing and causal inference
Build reports for clients and dashboards for internal usages
Analyze the performance of various cohorts and develop insights about user behavior that can be used to market the product
What You'll Need:
Knowledge & Skills
Confidence using a variety of techniques to analyze large streams of data to come to conclusions
Must be an expert in SQL and Python
Analytics experience around consumer applications, with a focus on user engagement and retention being a plus

Credentials & Experience
BS/MS in quantitative or STEM-related field, PhD preferred
5+ years of prior experience analyzing complex product datasets a MUST
Must have data analytics experience across multiple platforms including Python, Jupiter, AWS, Snowflake, NoSQL, Spark
Strong communication skills and a highly collaborative work-style
Prior experience around SAAS and consumer applications, with a focus on user engagement and retention being a plus
JOIN US

Our team works with cutting edge tools and technology related to Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. We are using NLP to process millions of meals, and accelerometer data to compute activity and sleep amounts from users' phones. Our chat A.I. is the most sophisticated digital health engagement tool in the world. Join us and make it even better!

Lark is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Lark does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
