POSITION SUMMARY:

The Sr. HR Data Analyst position will lead analytical initiatives as well as analyze, interpret data, and make recommendations in order to support the objectives of the global Cepheid Human Resources department and our business priorities. This position will compile reports, analyze and audit data in order to communicate and ensure accuracy of key HR metrics to stakeholders in HR and in the company. They will also analyze data in order to identify areas of concern or best practices opportunities and partner with HR stakeholders to further assess, determine counter measures or establish new processes as needed.

ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

HR Reporting
Manage all KPI reporting and dashboards for the Global Human Resources team including but not limited to: Talent Management, Performance Management, Engagement, D+I, Talent Acquisition and Executive management.
Collaborate with key internal stakeholders and management to create/develop dashboards and standard reporting, revisiting these on a regular basis to ensure the data provided is utilized, still value added and actioned upon.
Develop, interpret, and present a point of view and recommendation with respect to analytics/KPIs. Present findings and recommendations to stakeholders and key leaders.
Evaluate ongoing analytical needs, recommend approaches, and establish vision and direction for ongoing work/improvements. Drive annual plan forward throughout the year checking in with stakeholders throughout to adjust as needed. May work on system proposals and/or implementations.
Network with other Danaher Operating Companies to establish best practices, adopt and implement within Cepheid, where practical and solving an ongoing business problem or data need.
Work with HR partners to understand data/reporting needs and create standards of work to streamline/mitigate ad hoc reporting requests.
Interact and collaborate with HR partners to communicate, define and identify data needs, support or participate in Problem Solving Processes, trends/metrics and incorporate feedback to ensure services are being delivered according to business need.
Generally, the position demand would be prioritized in the following functional areas: 30% Talent/Performance Management support, 30% Standard HR KPI management, 20% Talent Acquisition support
HR Project / Audit
Provides data for required external reporting such as, Federal reporting - AAP, EEO, Vets 100, OFCCP
Routinely audit system data and processes to ensure data continuity and process control across HR modules, platforms, and systems such as talent management, internal audit and payroll. Partners with Workday Pro, Payroll, and other partners to assess auditing needs, recommend audit processes, and supporting improvement needs.
Supports continuous improvement projects, such as improving data integrity, processes, and workflows. Partners with others to increase process efficiencies and/or support productivity.
Works directly with HR partners to resolve issues with daily operations which connect to global KPIs and to make long- term process improvements.
May manage projects requiring coordination with other teams, process improvement projects and may assist in developing and implementing policies, procedures, and training materials to maximize efficiency
20% Audit / Project support
TRAINING RESPONSIBILITIES:
Complete all assigned and required training satisfactorily and on time
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:

Education or Experience (in years):
Bachelor's degree required in related or transferable field
8+ years of work experience in process/analytically focused role, ideally supporting HR processes and metrics
Experience with PowerBI required, Workday preferred
Experience with data integration and manipulation from multiple sources
Knowledge and skills:
Able to work independently and perform work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under the pressure of competing deadlines
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office applications - Word, Excel, Access, Outlook; experience with HR information systems and reporting modules preferred
Must possess business acumen, strong analytical, troubleshooting, problem-solving, and project management skills
Highly efficient and focused on doing whats right for the business with a key eye on data integrity.
Willing to take on the tough projects and challenges to make a strategic impact.
Other:
Position can be based in Cepheid US location or remotely but would then require 25% travel to HQ in Sunnyvale, CA
The statements in this description represent typical elements, criteria and general work performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills for this job.

Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The EEO is the Law poster is available here.
