We are the Gen-Next technology solution provider, solving complex business problems. We assist our happy customers across all spectrum to reimagine their business processes and navigate their digital journey. Our out-of-the-box solutions continue to bridge the gap between ideas and reality, delivering impact through connected data, architecture and experience.
WE ARE ENQUERO - DIGITALLY TRANSFORMING businesses since 2014!
Excellence with Enquero
We are a vibrant and a ridiculously norm-challenging bunch with increasingly diverse teams across the globe. Our open culture enables easy ideation, innovation and delivery. Our voracious appetite for knowledge makes growth organic to us.
If you have a passion for problem solving and quirkiness doesn’t scare you, come be a part of our rapidly growing company. Oh! we do have a life outside work as well.

As a Lead Consultant in Enquero’s Transformation Plus unit, you will be expected to provide objective assistance on the strategy, structure, management & operations of an organization, in support of identified business purposes & objectives. You will be expected to focus on a specified business topic, such as new business ventures, cost reduction, mergers or product launches and business process optimizations. You are also expected to be adept in software programming and the development of information systems design, system analysis and information business strategies and be responsible for running a specific area of business activity that deliver strategic objectives.
You will build relationships with stakeholders and clients: Provide advice, assistance, and guidance in their area of specialization. You will manage projects through their planning, procurement, provision, delivery and maintenance cycle.Your demonstrated ability to consistently achieve this while continuing to improve your knowledge and skills will define success for your role.
Work with cross-functional, geographically dispersed teams to improve, define and manage new business processes and help develop overall technology solution design.
Assess existing processes and make improvement recommendations based on customer experience, cycle time and risk/reward analysis.
Assess and define business problems, identify options, assemble and analyze relevant supporting data, and shape recommendations for management approval
Determining methods and procedures on new tasks, establishing these for the assignment and coordinating activities with other employees while leading a small team and demonstrating a good leadership within the team
Coordinate meetings with clients, document and distribute meeting minutes, ensure actions items are completed on time, communicate project status, escalate issues to management as appropriate. The scope of engagement can be highly variable & can include core strategy development, large scale implementation & process optimization.
Collaborate with leaders, business analysts, project managers, IT architects, technical leads and other developers, along with internal and external customers, to understand requirements and develop needs according to business requirements
Be a thought leader, understand the latest trends and capabilities to implement modern and successful solutions and enforce industry standards, principles and practices.
Contributing to your BU/Practice by
Documenting your learnings from the current work and engaging in the external tech community by writing blogs, contributing in Github, Stack overflow, meetups / conferences etc.
Keep updated on the latest technologies with technology trainings and certifications
Actively participate in organization level activities and events related to learning, formal training, interviewing, special projects etc.

Required:
Bachelor’s Degree
8-14 years of relevant experience
Understanding and implementing best practices of data visualization & data modeling
Strong database Fundamentals and SQL, PLSQL. Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Hive, Cloudera
Certification in any of the BI tool would be added advantage.
Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a diverse corporate and client environment
Demonstrated success presenting complex findings in a clear and compelling manner
Ability to document, plan and track project tasks; ensure accuracy and validation of results produced as a result of data analysis.
Perform process modeling, carryout fit-gap analysis and translate requirements to related technology solution design and conduct design workshops for management.
Ability to effectively plan and lead the correct processes to reach conclusions/consensus in a facilitated meeting and positively handle disruptive or hostile participants.
Be a team player on client engagement teams, working under the supervision of a Principal Consultant/Director, to develop work product, lead specific project initiatives, and act as a subject matter expert on consulting projects.
Knowledge of the various levels of listening, ability to choose the right level depending on the situation & ability to objectively restate the opinions of others.
Ability to select and use appropriate tools for the job and perform technical research as required to supplement and support Enquero methodologies in delivering solutions to clients.
Detail and action-oriented self-starter who is highly organized and methodical in approaching and processing to data and information.
Basic knowledge of sales and product management principles and practices a plus.
Superb written and oral communication skills.
Expert level Microsoft Excel and financial modeling skills.
Shows a passion for business analytics, modeling and planning.
Aptitude for quickly ramping up on new technology and processes.
Clear understanding of open source technology components and their usage in building technology led capabilities for business use.
Proven track record of delivering projects on time and on budget while communicating with stakeholders. Experience with project management tools/systems a plus.
Outstanding integrity and the ability to always seek to do the right thing for the client and the Firm.
Ability to think globally and discuss multiple aspects and impacts of issues. Ability to respect and appreciate different personality styles, thinking, backgrounds, and cultures.

This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Enquero, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.
Enquero is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
