Get your career started at eHealth


eHealthInsurance has many exciting career opportunities in a number of locations, across various functions. Come join us today!
Senior Data Analyst
Description
This is a Sr. Data Analyst position in an e-commerce based product
development team. You have proven industry experience in data analysis
and reporting in data driven organizations. You enjoy working with cross-
functional teams to discover value from data that result in improvements to
our partner products and business with eHealth’s external partners. You
present data with customizable dashboards, visualizations and reports. You
are the go-to person for data related to eHealth’s partners. You are solution-
centric, results-oriented, and experienced in Agile Methodology. You are
ambitious, talented, and driven to make the team and project successful.

Responsibilities:
Create customizable dashboards and reports with visualizations for
external partners who can further customize and create their own
versions
Find new metrics and models to support partner business teams for
growth and retention in our partner channels
Work with partner success managers and external partners to gather their
data and reporting requirements, propose data and metrics to be
provided, with customizable reports and visualizations to improve
engagement and business between eHealth and its partners
Explore new data sources and drive efforts to make them available for
analysis
Support partner product team to improve partner products by finding and
analysing metrics, and by creating reports and visualizations to present
them
Administer the BI tool used for reports and visualizations, train partner
integration and success managers who can independently perform their
own data exploration

Required Skills:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or
related field
3+ years of data analytics experience
Excellent SQL skills with experience in writing complex queries
Experience in administering, and developing visualizations and reports
with a BI tool such as Tableau, Looker, Domo, etc.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Team player, eager to mentor others
Self-directed and self-motivated

Desired Skills:
Programming in a high-level language such as Python, Java, NodeJS
Experience in statistical tools such as Excel, R, SAS
Experience in working with health data

eHealth is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal opportunity to all employees and applicants and to prohibit any discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. The foundation of these policies is our commitment to treat everyone fairly and equally and to have a bias-free work environment.

If you are interested in applying for employment with eHealth and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for a posted position contact us at: accommodations@ehealthinsurance.com.
