We are the Gen-Next technology solution provider, solving complex business problems. We assist our happy customers across all spectrum to reimagine their business processes and navigate their digital journey. Our out-of-the-box solutions continue to bridge the gap between ideas and reality, delivering impact through connected data, architecture and experience.
WE ARE ENQUERO - DIGITALLY TRANSFORMING businesses since 2014!
Excellence with Enquero
We are a vibrant and a ridiculously norm-challenging bunch with increasingly diverse teams across the globe. Our open culture enables easy ideation, innovation and delivery. Our voracious appetite for knowledge makes growth organic to us.
If you have a passion for problem solving and quirkiness doesn’t scare you, come be a part of our rapidly growing company. Oh! we do have a life outside work as well.

Translate business requirements into tangible solution specifications and high quality, on time deliverables.
Partner with different stakeholders and execute proof of concepts to assess the value of solutions.
Should be able to do reverse engineering to understand and derive the functional knowledge
Experience in end to end development of a new set of reports, dashboards & KPI Scorecards
Analyze large volumes of transactional data to generate insights and actionable recommendations to drive business growth.
Automate data analysis and insight generation.
Collaborate with other team members and lead project development.
Passion for knowing for emerging trends and identifying relevant opportunities.
Demonstrate ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Understanding and implementing best practices of data visualization
Analytical/Problem Solving skills.
Apply quality control, data validation, and cleansing processes to new and existing data sources.
Support User Acceptance Testing for production applications
Support a high-performance workplace
Self-motivated with a proven track record of innovation and successful delivery.
Ability to work independently, fast paced and deadline-driven environment.
Excellent communication, presentation and Analytical skills
Drive customer communication during critical events and participate/lead various operational improvement initiatives.
Strong database Fundamentals and SQL, PLSQL. Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Hive, Cloudera
Knowledge of ETL and expertise in any BI tools Power BI, Tableau, SFDC Einstein Analytics, QlikSense, Qlikview, OBIEE, SAP Analytics Cloud, Kibana etc.,
Strong Tableau Administration and dashboard migration experience
Certification in any of the BI tool would be added advantage.
Hands-on experience in data modelling, programming, querying, data mining and report development using large volumes of granular data to deliver business intelligence and custom reporting solutions
Determining methods and procedures on new assignments, establishing these for the assignment and coordinating activities with other employees while leading a small team.
Contributing to your Department by
Documenting your learnings from the current work to produce an artifact such as an internal Wiki, a blog or a best practices document
Actively participating in Department level group activities and events related to learning, formal training, interviewing, special projects, knowledge sharing etc.

Required:
Bachelor’s Degree
5-9 years of relevant experience
Understanding and implementing best practices of data visualization & data modeling
Strong database Fundamentals and SQL, PLSQL. Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Hive, Cloudera
Knowledge of ETL and expertise in BI tools, Power BI, Tableau, QlikSense, Qlikview, OBIEE, SAP BO
Strong Tableau Administration and dashboard migration experience, Tableau upgrade experience
Preferred:
Certification in any of the BI tool would be added advantage.

This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Enquero, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.
Enquero is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
