Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Statistics/Biostatistics, Operations Research, Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
7 years of experience in data analysis in a business context.
5 years of experience in advanced data modeling/SQL databases and forecasting.
Preferred qualifications:
3 years of experience with Java script, Python or R.
5 years of experience with utilizing multiple forecasting tools and software, with the ability to manually produce the same results.
Ability to craft engaging and compelling narratives in verbal and written communications for customers (including executive stakeholders) reflecting a nuanced understanding of diverse audiences.
About the job


At Google, data drives all of our decision-making, and our HR organization is no exception. The People Analytics team acts as an internal innovation lab, using analytical approaches to make sure Google continues to be a great place to work. The team provides critical support to the business around issues of organizational health and is responsible for not just taking the pulse of our Googlers, but harnessing Googler feedback to drive change for the better. As an analyst you'll be detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and curious. You're a strong problem-solver, who uses both quantitative and qualitative methods to get things done. And on top of it all, you're someone who wonders "What if?" and then seeks out the solution.

Our team makes it easy for Google managers to engage with the contingent workforce, providing training, standards and guidelines to increase business value and minimize Google’s risk. We provide processes, tools, know-how, data and insights to support Googlers through the lifecycle of contingent workforce engagements, so our businesses can make informed decisions.

As a Senior Global Data Analyst, on the Extended Workforce Solutions team, you will use data to inform business and operational decisions across the organization. Using your technical skills, business acumen and creativity, you will develop data reports and visualizations to deliver insights to support the decision making process within different teams at Google. You’ll be involved from data analysis to design through to delivery, ensuring that the reports are delivering high-quality and relevant data so our businesses and operations can grow efficiently with minimum risks.

Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants, and analysts, we're the advocates of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them". We bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent, or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
Responsibilities
Work on data modeling, metric development, data prototyping, and insight generation using advanced business intelligence techniques.
Drive data governance to ensure data integrity between different databases, applying data health and quality framework to proactively fix or clean existing discrepancies.
Work with business and operations teams to identify ways to improve operational and cost efficiency and mitigate risks.
Manage data visualization for the management and operations dashboards, presenting in a clear and compelling manner for multiple levels in an organization
Manage an offshore vendor operation that supports our data reporting and visualization

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
