KAYGEN is an emerging leader in providing top talent for technology based staffing services. We specialize in providing high-volume contingent staffing, direct hire staffing and project based solutions to companies worldwide ranging from startups to Fortune 500 and Managed Service Providers (MSP) across a wide variety of industries

Responsibilities:
Translate business requirements into tangible solution specifications and high quality, on time deliverables.
Partner with different stakeholders and execute proof of concepts to assess the value of solutions.
Should be able to do reverse engineering to understand and derive the functional knowledge
Experience in end to end development of a new set of reports, dashboards & KPI Scorecards
Analyze large volumes of transactional data to generate insights and actionable recommendations to drive business growth.
Automate data analysis and insight generation.
Collaborate with other team members and lead project development.
Passion for knowing for emerging trends and identifying relevant opportunities.
Demonstrate ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Understanding and implementing best practices of data visualization
Analytical/Problem Solving skills.
Apply quality control, data validation, and cleansing processes to new and existing data sources.
Support User Acceptance Testing for production applications
Support a high-performance workplace
Self-motivated with a proven track record of innovation and successful delivery.
Ability to work independently, fast paced and deadline-driven environment.
Excellent communication, presentation and Analytical skills
Drive customer communication during critical events and participate/lead various operational improvement initiatives.
Strong database Fundamentals and SQL, PLSQL. Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Hive, Cloudera
Knowledge of ETL and expertise in any BI tools Power BI, Tableau, SFDC Einstein Analytics, QlikSense, Qlikview, OBIEE, SAP Analytics Cloud, Kibanaetc.,
Strong Tableau Administration and dashboard migration experience
Certification in any of the BI tool would be added advantage.
Hands-on experience in data modelling, programming, querying, data mining and report development using large volumes of granular data to deliver business intelligence and custom reporting solutions
Determining methods and procedures on new assignments, establishing these for the assignment and coordinating activities with other employees while leading a small team.
Contributing to your Department by
Documenting your learnings from the current work to produce an artifact such as an internal Wiki, a blog or a best practices document
Actively participating in Department level group activities and events related to learning, formal training, interviewing, special projects, knowledge sharing etc.
Qualifications:

What you get to do in this role:
You will be the cross-functional business leader and Product Owner for our Product Master Data and Product Hierarchy Strategy including operational processes, attribute management, and data governance best practices
Lead cross-functional consolidation of product master data business requirements, use cases, and business rules
Define and drive appropriate data policies and standards of product data governance
Define and facilitate education and training of product master data governance processes and best practices
Strategically analyze product master data quality issues and drive appropriate actions with data operations and business process teams
Define and track metrics to communicate data related business value/outcomes KPIs (compliance, risk, efficiency, cost, revenue, and quality)
Help unlock significant business value from our product master data assets


In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:
8+ years of experience
Exceptional communication skills appropriate to all levels of the company
Exceptional attention to detail, organization and analytical skills
Experience and deep understanding of Master Data and Hierarchy management principals and best practices is a must
Experience with Product Master or knowledge of PLM processes, product master data attributes, product hierarchy, BOM, license terms and derivatives
Ability to understand business processes, integrations, and pain-points to lead the definition of data requirements to meet complex business needs and drive data quality
Strong analytical skills and data curiosity to analyze data and work directly with business stakeholders to define business rules and processes to drive data quality.
Experience data profiling, identify the root cause of data problems and help drive closed-loop corrective action process
Ability and experience partnering with IT to define and implement master data management capabilities
Possesses and communicates passion and energy for data strategy and quality
Ability to organize, lead, and facilitate cross-functional meetings with executive stakeholders
At KAYGEN, we are always looking for dynamic, talented and experienced individuals. We invite you to join our team of talented IT professionals, consulting at client locations across the globe. Our culture is team-orientated; we strive to stand by our core values of respect, honesty and integrity. Our team of experienced staffing experts will work with you to find you the best opportunity. For more information please visit us at www.kaygen.com.
