At Cadence, we hire and develop leaders and innovators who want to make an impact on the world of technology. Cadence has an exciting opportunity for an Advace Data Analyast with their Hardware Systems Verification Materials Team. This person will analyze quality and reliability data and information and perform advanced statistical analysis. Other responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:: + Responsible for Quality System Maintenance. + Root cause analysis and implementation of corrective action for process related concerns. + Assist Quality manager in establishing, implementing and maintaining the quality management system. + Responsible for continual improvement activities to enhance the quality system, such as 5S, Kaizen lean methods, etc. + Develop training to build data analysis and corrective action processes + Interface with Engineering and Operations to ensure transfer to Production of new products are in accordance with approved data. + Conduct audits, including closing out audit findings, creating audits finding reports and determine proper corrective and preventive actions. + Analyze failure, corrective and preventive action to respond to customer complaints. + Create and maintain related procedures to data analysis and corrective action + Responsible for planning, organizing and managing the overall activities of receiving / outgoing quality functions. + Continuously improving QA receiving inspection process and procedures. + Ensure timely resolution of supplier failure, corrective actions and preventive actions. + Manage suppliers' performance and conduct audits. + Perform measurement of the customer satisfaction index + Work with supply chain and materials management to manage supplier quality issues + Develop the supplier's scorecard and present to the suppliers + Provide customers report and analysis + Work with internal manufacturing and suppliers to improve product quality and reliability + Prepare and manage the management review meetings + Prepare the quality instructions, procedures and customers requested reports Requirements & Qualifications + BS or Master degree in science or 10 years related experience + A hands-on understanding of manufacturing and operations processes and procedures especially for Telecommunications industry. + Background in quality engineering background and familiarity with boards and system assembly + Develop reliability measurements (MTBF, DOA, IRR, YRR...) + Demonstrating the ability to organize, prioritize, manage staff, solve problems, + Achieve an understanding of the current process and procedures used in the electro-mechanical assembly area for standard product assembly + Determines quality improvement parameters by identifying statistical methods relevant to manufacturing processes. + Establishes statistical confidence by identifying sample size and acceptable error; determining levels of confidence We're doing work that matters. Help us solve what others can't. Cadence plays a critical role in creating the technologies that modern life depends on. We are a global electronic design automation company, providing software, hardware, and intellectual property to design advanced semiconductor chips that enable our customers create revolutionary products and experiences. Thanks to the outstanding caliber of the Cadence team and the empowering culture that we have cultivated for over 25 years, Cadence continues to be recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. ?Our shared passion for solving the world's toughest technical challenges, our dedication to pushing the limits of the industry, and our drive to do meaningful work differentiates the people of Cadence. Cadence is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, basis of disability, or any other protected class.
