Position Description

Sprezzatura seeks a Data Scientist to join our expanding team. The incumbent will broaden the base of knowledge through discovery, analyze data, and visualize and communicate information derived from data to a broad range of stakeholders. It is preferred that the Data Scientist should have a focus in the area of Educational Institutional Research.

Roles/Responsibilities:
Uses database query tools, statistical and analytical software, and data discovery tools to extract, manipulate, and analyze data for trends
Collaborates with various internal stakeholders (e.g., directors, faculty, and administrators) to understand their information needs
Develops dashboards and other visualizations to illustrate measures and associations
Reviews gaps in data; researches and recommends the adaptation of relevant datasets, research methods, and/or software tools to better perform data analytics and deliver results
Maintains proficiency and continuously develops expertise in new developments in the data mining domain including methods, tools, and software
Identifies and integrates external data sets with internal data elements for analysis to understand underlying patterns and trends
Utilizes text mining algorithms to analyze qualitative data and find patterns in textual datasets
Skills & Qualifications:
Should have specialized experience in collecting, analyzing, reporting, and warehousing quantitative data for colleges and universities in one, or more, areas including: admissions, financial aid, curriculum assessment, enrollment management, student life, course offerings, and learning outcomes. Experience in admissions is preferred.
Should have experience in collecting and reporting information to government bodies (such as the United States Department of Education's Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System) to the public (e.g., Common Data Set, the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities), and various college guide publishers (such as the U.S. News & World Report and College Board)
Must have experience sharing data outside their institution to compare their practices and outcomes against those of similar institutions
Must be able to use data visualization and reporting tools to display and summarize data, trends, and patterns
Must be able to clearly communicate and accurately present the methodology and results of analyses to various internal audiences using a variety of visual, written, and oral formats
Must be able to research and implement new visualization tools and methods to uncover insights in data and present them in great detail
Other Requirements:
A bachelor's degree is required. Would prefer to have the degree in Data Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Informatics, or Information Technology
1-3 years of experience is required.
Exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and ability to work under tight deadlines
Experience with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and Outlook), with an emphasis on MS Word and Excel
Location: Remote
Veteran Preference: Yes.
Citizenship/Security: Citizen/Green Card. Must be able to hold a federal security clearance.
Transitioning military and/or Veterans are invited to apply. Sprezzatura is an equal opportunity employer.

Sprezzatura offers benefits including healthcare, vacation, and paid sick leave.

Company Description

Sprezzatura Management Consulting, LLC (www.sprezzmc.com) is a Washington, DC-area Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) that enables transformation by supplying insight and leadership at the intersection of people, processes, and technology. We apply knowledge, project, and life cycle management best practices to catalyze change.
