Job Description:

The client is currently implementing a Performance Management visualization portal pilot and in the planning stage of a client Performance Management and Data Analytics system with a goal to accomplish the following:
Development and publication of project management documents and deliverables in compliance with client Framework directives.
Conduct an in-house assessment of client data analytics and reporting needs.
Creation of statements of work that clearly define the services and deliverables required of a vendor in support of the implementation of the data and analytics solution.
Obtainment of matching federal funds for this initiative through the development of federally approved IAPD(s).
Design, development, and implementation of client performance portal using an agile methodology for all standard SDLC phases that include, but not limited to:
Validation of performance metric requirements.
Creation of EPICS/User Stories.
Creation and validation of dashboard and report mock-ups.
Automation of data acquisition from a variety of data sources.
Dashboard and report development.
Testing – integration, load and stress, and user.
Deployment/publication internally and externally.
Operations support and enhancement of the Performance Portal pilot.
Responsibilities:
Collaboration with the Chief Data Architect and the client Office of the Chief Technology Officer on technology and tool recommendations.
Implementation and configuration of developmental tools.
Coordination of infrastructure build-out and on-going support.
Collaboration with other members of the Data Analytics Support Team, key stakeholders, other agencies, and third-party vendors.
Participation in requirements and design sessions as a member of an agile sprint team.
Skills and Qualifications:

Required:
8 years of Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with experience architecting data analytics, performance management system, or data warehousing projects.
7 years of experience in defining integrative views of data drawn together from many data sources across the enterprise, including file extracts and different relational databases as sources.
7 years of experience in designing semantic data views to help visualization developers understand and access data using common business terms.
4 years of Strong dimensional modeling skills and proficiency in using data modeling tools such as Erwin.
4 years of demonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functions
2 years of experience on an agile sprint team, preferably with prior experience as a member of a sprint team.
1 year of experience with JIRA software.
Preferred:
8 years of excellent oral and written communication skills.
7 years of experience in Risk management skills.
4 years of effectively manage multiple responsibilities, prioritize conflicting assignments, and switch quickly between assignments, as required.
3 years of prior experience in the Healthcare Industry.
2 years of prior experience with a client-agency.
2 years of experience with state-of-the-art software components for performance metrics data visualization or business intelligence environment.
