Job Description
About Pushnami

Delivering more than 10 billion messages per month across browser-based push notifications, mobile app push notifications, and email, Pushnami enables brands to capture more subscribers, intelligently market to them quickly, and grow their revenue. Our clients love what weve built so far, and we cant wait to make it even better. And since Pushnami is 100% privately held (zero outside funding or investment) and has been profitable from day one, we are accountable to only our clients and ourselves.

We are looking for an ambitious, analytical individual who is not afraid of solving complex challenges to join our Data Science team as a Data Reporting Analyst. You will be responsible for automating and designing reports and alerts to monitor system performance to enhance visibility into our KPIs.

Responsibilities
Own BI reporting and automated metric monitoring across multiple teams.
Develop frameworks for developing new BI reports and alert systems.
Design complex ad-hoc reports according to internal requests.
Produce detailed reporting identifying key trends and patterns and translate data into practical and useful recommendations to support strategic objectives
Identify continuous improvement opportunities that increase efficiency and drive automation of various processes.
Work with a variety of data sources, including databases and APIs.
Create solutions by applying the latest automation technologies
Work closely with internal stakeholders to identify automation needs and help develop solutions, collaborating with our software development team when needed.
Requirements
2+ years of reporting, automation, and scripting experience (Python 3.x is preferred)
2+ years of experience with relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL)
2+ years of experience visualizing data and creating dashboards (Grafana/Tableau/Power BI/Google Data Studio/etc.)
Experience using a cloud hosting platform (AWS preferred)
Bonus if you have experience with financial data
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
A desire and willingness to learn
Initiative and motivation to make things happen
Benefits
Full Medical and Dental PPO Insurance that is 100% paid for by the company
Maximum Matched 401k Retirement Plan
Fun and Relaxed Office Environment
Fully stocked kitchen, catered lunches Monday - Thursday
Ability to set a daily work schedule that works best for you
Pushnami was built on the principles of positivity and acceptance. We strive to build an inclusive work environment that uses our success to make a genuine impact on the community around us. No employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on race, color, ancestry, national origin, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status.
