Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.The Facebook Law Enforcement Response Team is seeking a motivated and solutions-oriented Data Analyst. The Data Analyst will be responsible for delivering metrics, building tools and dashboards, and generally supporting global operations. Through this role, the Data Analyst will also work with a wide array of cross-functional partners to drive process improvements and help scale our operations through automation, optimizations, and analyses.

This position is full-time and is based in our Austin office.

Responsibilities:

Understand and utilize our diverse datasets to provide cross-functional partners with metrics, trends, data visualizations, and actionable insights
Build and maintain reports, dashboards, and data pipelines
Address data integrity issues and work to solve root cause process or systems issues by partnering with other data teams across the broader Legal organization
Respond to requests related to LERT data with minimal guidance or oversight
Work with project managers to help drive projects and process improvements with data analysis
Build out documentation related to our internal tables, dashboards, tools, and code-base
Mininum Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization (e.g., computer science, engineering, social sciences, physical sciences, math, statistics), or equivalent work experience
1+ years professional experience
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, SQL, and Tableau
Experience processing and analyzing large datasets
Adept at creating ad hoc queries to answer unique questions from a diverse set of stakeholders
Demonstrated data visualization skills with an intuitive knowledge of data storytelling
Demonstrated communication skills
Experience working as part of a team and collaborating with cross-functional partners
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Python and R
3+ years professional experience
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
