Global Resale is looking for a Data and Reporting Analyst!

The Company:

Global Resale is a full-service, international resell and reverse logistics business focused on the mobile, IT, and electronics sectors. Global Resale partners with the leading manufacturers, carriers, lessors, retailers, resellers, and large corporate accounts to handle their worldwide reverse logistics needs. With state-of-the-art processing centers in Texas (Global Headquarters) and Essex (European Headquarters), Global Resale serves as a single-source solution for its partners, offering the full range of reverse logistics capabilities, including takeback, collection, inventory, data sanitization, repair, harvesting, and resell.

The Role:

Global Resale is seeking a Data and Reporting Analyst to help grow our Information Technology platform. We are a rapidly growing, Austin based company, in an exciting industry undergoing transformation - we can promise a fast paced and dynamic environment.

We are looking for a critical thinking professional with an analytical mindset, super strong MS SQL skills and Power BI expertise. You’ll work closely with technical, operations and business resources to retrieve, analyze and interpret large volume of complex data from a variety of sources. We are looking for cloud first solutions built on Azure to help integrate and streamline our legacy platforms, stored procedures, and logic to reduce overhead and complexity.

Responsibilities:
Understand legacy queries and data schema, with ability to transform these into new models for reporting, specifically Power Bi
Understand workflow for each user type and necessary data structures to power that business unit
Create forecasting models and data models
Work with business unit leadership to develop new workflows, KPI’s, and reporting
Ensure ad hoc and standard operational reports are delivered accurately and on time
Test workflows, forecasting and data models, reports, troubleshoot issues from business users
Train business users where applicable i.e. report creation, data entry/upload, new tools
Analyze designated performance measures/reports including financial, satisfaction and operational metrics
Develop Power BI reports and dashboards as required to support financial and operational decision making.
Support data load and update actions as required.
Transform low-value datasets into highly structured and consistent datasets for use by analysts and reporting tools
Bonus: Create and Update stored procedures, temporary tables, complex joins, and triggers
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in technical field or equivalent experience
3-5 years of demonstrated success in analysis and reporting related roles
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Skilled in managing multiple projects and stakeholder interests with timeliness, accuracy, and quality.
Expertise with Microsoft 365, Power Bi, Excel
Experience with Salesforce a plus
Experience working with global teams
Azure experience – logic apps, automation account
Experience with B2B and inter-company process flow
Bonus: Experience with implementing/moving to new technology stacks
Bonus: Azure Synapse, Azure Data Factory, ETL, and leading technology transforms in the past
