Performs complex (senior-level) data analysis, data research, database management, and application development assignments for the Data Analytics (DA) section in the Center for Analytics and Decision Support (CADS) in support of the Medicaid & CHIP Services (MCS) program in order to detect data trends and anomalies, optimize health outcomes, provide MCS and HHSC executive management with information necessary to make data-informed management decisions, enhance MCS contract management, and explore potential program efficiencies.

Work involves conducting detailed analysis of data sets, performing data needs assessment, data acquisition, cleaning and standardization, extraction, transformation and loading into database systems; designing, coding, testing, implementing and maintaining computer applications to increase efficiency through the automation of routine tasks; and mentoring DA team members in the use of compiled datasets. Works under limited supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.

Essential Job Functions:

Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned.

EJF 1: Consults and coordinates with DA, CADS and MCS staff in order to identify potential areas for increased efficiencies through the use of automation. Designs, develops, codes, tests, implements and maintains and documents computer applications to implement those efficiencies. (40%)

EJF 2: Consults and coordinates with DA, CADS and MCS staff in order to identify business needs related to Medicaid, CHIP and reference data in various HHS and other systems and transform research and reporting requirements into DA/CADS data systems. Acquires, extracts, cleans, transforms and loads needed datasets into DA/CADS database systems. Mentors DA staff in the use of data systems. (40%)

EJF 3: Prepares and reviews a variety of written, oral, and graphical deliverables containing analyses of MCS and other relevant data. (20%)

Knowledge Skills Abilities:

Knowledge of the process of computer application development.

Knowledge of data analysis techniques.

Knowledge of scientific research methods, statistical techniques, mathematics, geographical concepts and their application to data analytics.

Knowledge of the various Texas Health and Human Service (HHS) programs.

Knowledge of patient level health and demographic data (e.g., Census, Vital, Medicaid, and CHIP data including eligibility, enrollment, medical claims and encounters).

Knowledge of the principles, practices and techniques of database design and development, database structures and theories and current database technologies.

Knowledge of medical records systems or clinical coding practices.

Knowledge of Internet and World Wide Web.

Knowledge of computer programming principles, spreadsheet macros, and database design.

Skill in developing computer applications using high level interpreted languages such as Python.

Skill in using SAS, SPSS, SQL, R, ACCESS, Business Objects or other statistical and database management software.

Skill in using EXCEL or other spreadsheet software.

Skill in graphical, tabular and geographical presentation of data.

Skill in verbal and written communications.

Skill in database management with Oracle, SQL Server or similar large database systems.

Ability to design, develop, code, test, implement, maintain and document computer applications.

Ability to manage, manipulate, and analyze complex databases.

Ability to plan, organize, and conduct data analytic projects.

Ability to work in a team and to communicate effectively.

Ability to develop and interpret statistical data charts, maps, and tables.

Ability to interpret and publish data analytic findings.

Ability to exercise independent judgment and show initiative.

Ability to maintain detailed and organized documentation of data analytic projects.

Ability to train staff in the use of data systems.

Registration or Licensure Requirements:

None required Initial Selection Criteria:

Four years college in social and behavioral sciences, natural sciences, or related degrees. Masters degree or higher preferred. Three years or more work and experience with acquisition, collection, management, analyses, and dissemination of health and human services related data and/or large datasets preferred. Skills in performing ETL preferred. Demonstrated ability to build applications using scripting/programming languages such as Visual Basic, Python, and PowerShell.

Additional Information:

REQ 447595

An in-basket will be required if selected for an interview. MOS Code:

0671, 8846

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
