We're looking for a highly motivated, analytical mind to surface powerful insights from the data-rich Bazaarvoice network. As a Senior Data Analyst, you'll use a combination of web analytics, statistical analysis and data mining techniques to help our clients better understand how their customers engage with consumer-generated content. The Senior Data Analyst should be able to identify and facilitate the measurement of KPIs, determine whether experimental features should be launched, and measure the impact of Bazaarvoice across the network. You should be passionate about surfacing undiscovered patterns in data and using quantitative analysis to answer complex questions. You should have a strong background in making sense of large sets of data and delivering actionable insights based on your analyses.
What you will be doing:

Analyze the world's largest shopper data network, both structured and unstructured data sets
Partner with Product & Engineering teams to build data-driven Products that deliver real-time actionable insights to our clients
Publish impactful Consumer-generated Content & Consumer Shopping Behavior Benchmarks and Research
Study the factors underlying Consumer Shopping Behavior and drivers of purchase decisions through data mining techniques like regression, clustering/classification, time series and text analysis
Perform experiments to test data-driven hypotheses and KPI measurements to support new Product metric tracking
Develop methodology, sophisticated queries, and self-service reporting to prove the ROI of each Product/Feature
Create informative visualization that intuitively display large amounts of data and/or complex relationships
Develop actionable insights and recommendations on the measurement / tracking of KPIs and the Bazaarvoice solution through both web analytics and internal big data platforms
Drive Analytics & Data Science best practices across our Products and company
Who you are:

BS in Management Information Systems, Statistics, Math, Operations Research, Computer Science, or another quantitative discipline
4+ years proven work experience in a technical analytics role working with big data
3+ years experience and an expert in HQL, MySQL or PostgreSQL
Proficient in a scripting language (preferably Python or R)
3+ years experience in applying data mining techniques (regression, neural network, decision tree, market basket analysis, time series and forecasting, clustering and segmentation, text mining and principal component analysis)
1+ years experience and proficiency in advanced web analytics and A/B testing
Strong ability to communicate complex findings clearly and concisely to a non-technical audience

About Bazaarvoice

Bazaarvoice connects brands and retailers to consumers, so that every shopping experience feels personal. From search and discovery to purchase and advocacy, Bazaarvoice's solutions reach in-market shoppers, personalize their experiences, and give them the confidence to buy. Each month in the Bazaarvoice Network, more than a billion consumers view and share authentic content including reviews, questions and answers, and social photos across 6,000 brand and retail websites.

Bazaarvoice completed the acquisition of Influenster in August 2019 and with the 2 companies coming together we are able to create an even more attractive proposition for our clients.
Influenster is a digital destination where consumers discover products and reviews that enable them to make well-informed purchase decisions with over 6 million members who have written over 38 million product reviews.

Founded in 2005, Bazaarvoice is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in North America, Europe, and Australia. For more information, visit

.

Why join Bazaarvoice?
We're committed to client success: There are over 5K brand and retail websites in the Bazaarvoice network. Our clients represent some of the world's leading companies across a wide range of industries including retail, apparel, automotive, consumer electronics and travel.
We're leaders in consumer-generated content: Each month, more than one-half billion consumers view and share authentic consumer-generated content, such as ratings and reviews, curated photos, social posts and videos, about products in our network. Last year, 135K reviews were submitted each day.
Our network delivers: Network analytics provide insights that help marketers and advertisers provide more engaging experiences that drive brand awareness, consideration, sales, and loyalty.
We're a great place to work: We pride ourselves on our unique culture. Join a company that values passion, innovation, authenticity, generosity, respect, teamwork, and performance.
Commitment to diversity and inclusion

Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world's smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.
