Data Analyst III in Hospital Rate Analysis performs complex financial data analysis and data research assignments for Rate Analysis in support of the development of reimbursement rates, supplemental payment programs, and financial analyses; Work involves conducting detailed analysis of data sets, including monitoring and ensuring data quality, loading data into databases from a variety of source formats, and automating data feeds to be used as input to performance dashboards and reports. Develops and delivers financial data solutions including the creation of dashboards and reports for large and complex agency programs. Works under general supervision, with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Essential Job Functions:EJF 1. Develops data-driven reports and analysis by using knowledge of Business Objects, HCRIS, Phoenix, or other databases. Assists in the maintenance of department data either through database maintenance, or development of data tools. Utilizes data visualization tools such as Tableau to assist with decision-making and to provide recommendations for future modifications to programs. Analyzes the data and advises key personnel about data irregularities on an ad hoc basis.EJF 2. Compiles, queries, loads and analyzes data points using query languages such as SQL from a variety of source formats to develop complex financial analyses. Provides data integrity by identifying data gaps, errors, anomalies, inconsistencies, and redundancies in the content, structure, and relationships within data, cleans and prunes data to discard irrelevant information. Coordinates with Texas Medicaid and Healthcare Partnership, managed care organizations, providers, and federal personnel to improve data quality. Designs and advises leadership staff regarding data collection needs and concerns; provides suggestions regarding systematic changes that will improve the collection of data. Assists in development of data standards.EJF 3. Consults with reimbursement rate analysts, program staff, and vendors to understand the business requirements that drive the analysis and design of reporting solutions that facilitate the development of reimbursement rates and the calculation of supplemental payments to providers. Uses subject matter knowledge of the data systems to support Senior Rate Analysts with selection of appropriate data sets.EJF 4. Actively contributes to the continuous improvement of department processes through ongoing initiatives including: solutions to automate, building efficiencies, and maintaining consistency across multiple data sources and by evaluating existing tools and applications. May assist with preparing and conducting presentations and reports to external stakeholders, workgroups, legislative staff and members. Will assist with preparing and conducting presentations and reports to Financial Services Division executive staff.EJF 5. Will assist in the development of standards, usage guidelines, and procedures for data visualization tools, as appropriate. Will train others and assist with data integrity processes, data visualization tool usage, new techniques in data processing and analytics, and best practices; provides support for data visualization tool related questions, requests, and issues. Knowledge Skills Abilities:Knowledge of reimbursement rate development and supplemental payment program processes.Knowledge of Medicaid reimbursement methods.Knowledge of hospital cost report concepts.Basic understanding of relational databases and database design.Knowledge of data visualization techniques, including data model creation, calculations, and interactive dashboards.Skill in performing queries, extracting and joining data, and loading data using SQL and/or other query languages.Skill in creating mockups, prototypes, and design documents.Skill in critical thinking and problem solving.Ability to translate complex financial data into user-friendly information.Ability to identify problems, evaluate alternatives, and implement effective solutions.Ability to design and assist with the implementation and use new technology and work processes to enhance decision-making.Ability to build, establish, and maintain effective working relationships and coalitions. Registration or Licensure Requirements:N/A Initial Selection Criteria:Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Experience developing in data visualization tools such as Tableau. Experience with BusinessObjects preferred. Two or more years experience performing queries, extracting, and cleaning business or program performance data from a variety of source formats preferred. Experience in expressing reimbursement rate, technical and financial concepts and conclusions orally and in writing. Demonstrated success through past projects. Experience in Rate Analysis may be substituted for educational requirement on a year-for-year basis. Additional Information:Requisition # 455904 MOS Code:There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the responsibilities, and requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if they meet the qualifications for this position.HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
