TSDS Data QA Analyst (Data Analyst IV) (00010062)
Organization
: TEXAS EDUCATION AGENCY
Primary Location
: Texas-Austin
Work Locations
:
Texas Education Agency
1701 NORTH CONGRESS AVENUE
Austin 78701
Job
: Computer and Mathematical
Employee Status
: Regular
Schedule
: Full-time Standard Hours Per Week: 40.00
State Job Code: 0653
Salary Admin Plan: B
Grade: 24
Salary (Pay Basis)
: 4,917.00 - 6,666.67 (Monthly)
Number of Openings
: 1
Overtime Status
: Exempt
Job Posting
: Jun 30, 2020, 1:44:41 PM
Closing Date
: Ongoing
Description


MISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing
leadership, guidance,
and support to school systems.
POSITION OVERVIEW: This position serves as the Texas Student Data System (TSDS) Data
Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst in the Information Technology Services – Business
Management Division of the Texas Education Agency (TEA). The TSDS Data QA Analyst
performs highly complex (senior-level) computer systems analysis and data
quality assurance tasks associated with the TSDS application and its relational repositories through development and
maintenance of SAS programs and other application tools to analyze and
validate data passing through the TSDS application into final repositories as
well as conducting impact analyses of changes to each TSDS collection to modify
relational objects as necessary. This
position is responsible for analyzing, creating, and maintaining TSDS data
views and data documentation, ad hoc programming requests, and providing
customer support to the TEA data user community.


Please note that a resume and tailored cover letter are required attachments for applying
to this
position. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

Applicants who are strongly being considered for employment
must submit to a national criminal history background check.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Develop,
maintain, and execute computer application programs to analyze and validate
data integrity for all TSDS data collections based on evolving Texas Education
Data Standards (TEDS) and TSDS data models as well as continuously improved
programming skills. Evaluate any data
anomalies and devise solutions, if necessary, then succinctly and thoroughly
convey findings to the Data Quality and Policy Manager and other Business
Management Division staff as appropriate.
Maintain
and update TSDS code reference tables based on annual changes to TEDS.
Create
data views through development and maintenance of Data Definition Language
(SQL|DDL) scripts updated annually according to revisions to TEDS and to TSDS
data models. Coordinate implementation
with Database Administration personnel.
Develop
and maintain TSDS data documentation for all collections based on annual
changes to TEDS. Provide technical
support as a high-level resource for problem resolution, including reported
data anomalies, to TEA TSDS data user community while following established
Business Management Division guidelines.
Produce
ad hoc reports and special data analyses as required by the Business
Management Division.

Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:


Education:

Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university

Experience:
At least three (3) years of experience in computer systems
analysis or design

Substitutions:

Each additional year of related experience above the required minimum may
substitute for education on a year-for-year basis

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Knowledge of
relational database structures and access methods.
Experience in systems
analysis and design work.
Skill in SAS
programming language and data analysis techniques, including analyzing data
for compliance with business rules.
Ability to maintain
good working relationships with a variety of people and groups.
Ability to
manage multiple, simultaneous tasks, develop solutions, and meet deadlines in
a fast-paced environment in a positive and patient manner.
Ability to
process information logically with strong attention to detail.
Ability to
analyze technical documentation.
A desire to
self-reflect, give and receive feedback, and continuously improve.
Ability to
express ideas clearly, both verbally and in writing.
Perform other
related duties or tasks as assigned.
May need to work
outside normal work hours to accommodate other duties and tasks assigned.
As an equal opportunity employer, we hire
without consideration to race, religion, color, national origin, sex,
disability, age or veteran status, unless an
applicant is entitled to the veteran’s preference.

Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational
specialty code) information can be accessed here.

This position requires the applicant
to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a
pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by
the Agency.

No phone calls or emails, please. Due to the high volume
of applications, we do not accept telephone calls and cannot reply to all
email inquiries. Only candidates selected for interview will be contacted.
