Conducts or participates in meetings with owners of key system components to fully understand current data and systems environments
Collaborates with Scrum team to analyze requirements to inform the design of data attributes needed for solution
Defines requirements for and supports data migration activities from existing systems, including source data analysis and documenting source-to-target mappings
Analyzes direct and indirect data impacts, such as data use in downstream and legacy systems
Works with technical and business representatives to determine strategies for handling identified data anomalies
Regularly evaluates databases to proactively identify opportunities to improve and optimize database and/or system performance as solution development evolves
Supports creation and maintenance of test data for all pre-production environments
Assists with testing scenarios and validating test results
Builds strong trusting relationships with the client stakeholders and/or client project team
Works on-site at Austin-based client locations
1-3+ years of experience in a similar role
Experience with SQL and transactional data modeling
Bachelor's degree
US Citizen or GC holder
Public Sector (State and Local Government) consulting experience is preferred
Experience with relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practices is a plus
Sense Corp powers insight-driven organizations.

We turn data into actionable insights and transform organizations for the digital era.

Our people, culture, and how we engage with our clients are differentiators. Brilliant, Creative, Human, and Fun exemplify who we are. We are regularly recognized as a Best Place to Work by Austin, Houston, Dallas, and St. Louis Business Journals. With operations in Austin, Atlanta, Columbus, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, and St. Louis we serve mid-market to Fortune 50 companies.

The Sense Corp Compass

We may be the only management consulting firm in the country where being brilliant isn't enough to land you a job. Sense Corp people must be brilliant, creative, human, and fun all at once. In other words, we hire terrific, well-rounded people. It's one reason clients love working with us. And it's why we enjoy working with each other. We may not sound like typical consultants but that's OK. We don't think like them either.

Visit us at www.sensecorp.com.
