You…

As a Data Warehouse Analyst you will be responsible for data design, database architecture, metadata and repository creation in a data warehouse environment.

Us…

We were founded as a fresh alternative in the Government Consulting Community and are dedicated to the belief that results are a product of analytical thinking, agile design principles and that solutions are built in collaboration with, not for, our customers. This mantra drives us to succeed and act as true partners in advancing our client’s missions.

Program Mission…

The project you will be working on is an existing cloud-based information technology infrastructure to host mission systems, applications, services, and data. While the current environment exists as an enterprise enabling platform, the end state of the environment is to enable Army leaders at every echelon to make fully informed, data driven decisions, based on authoritative and/or production data sources. Our approach is to transform legacy applications to be cloud native and reside on a Platform as a Service (PaaS). Additionally, modernize current applications by breaking them down into loosely coupled micro-services, and leveraging a continuous integration / continuous delivery pipeline to enable an agile DevOps Strategy.

What we'd like to see...
Reviews data loaded into the data warehouse for accuracy.
Responsible for the development, maintenance and support of an enterprise data warehouse system and corresponding data marts.
Troubleshoots and tunes existing data warehouse applications.
Conducts research into new data warehouse applications and determines viability for adoption.
Assists in establishing development standards.
Evaluates existing subject areas stored in the data warehouse.
Incorporates existing subject areas into an enterprise model.
Creates new or enhanced components of the data warehouse.
Current IAT I Certification (A+ CE, Network+, CCNA, SSCP).
Desired Skills:
Works with considerable freedom to make decisions on the techniques and approaches to be used.
Prepares recommendations for system improvement for management and user consideration.
Years of Experience: 3 years of experience or more

Education: Associates Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other closely related discipline

Clearance: Active Secret Security Clearance Required
