Job Title: System/Data Analyst
Location: Austin, TX
Duration: 12 Months with extension
Job Description:
The Systems Analyst (Data Standards Analyst) position at the Client will work on the Student Data System project which supports the mission of the agency of improving outcomes for Texas students.
Responsibilities include advanced and highly complex (senior level) computer systems analysis work.
The core responsibilities for this position includes analysis on current Ed-Fi data standards to determine how to best incorporate into the Client Education Data Standards.
Ed-Fi to mapping analysis and documentation will be other core responsibilities for this position.
Work involves coordinating the planning and analysis of user requirements, procedures, and problems related to the submission of data to the client Student Data System.
Additional responsibilities for this position include but are not limited to the publication of the Client Education Data Standards and data governance processes.
Works under minimal supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.
This position serves the agency mission by providing guidance and support to school systems for state-mandated data collections.
Required Qualification:
Graduation from an accredited college with a bachelor's degree in Business or Public Administration, Computer Science, Communications or a related field.
Required Experience:
Experience with Ed-Fi methodology, Education Domain or Texas Education Data Standards
Required Skills:
Technical data analysis
Development of technical data mapping documents
System Analysis and Design
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
User interviews and analysis
Strong writing and communication skills
Business Process Development
Strong organization and facilitation skills
About our Company:
22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
