About the Position: This position serves as a Operations Research Analyst (Data Scientist) in Army Futures Command (AFC), Data and Decision Sciences Directorate, located in Austin, Texas. AFC exists to modernize the way the Army does business by creating a space of endless possibilities to explore, develop, and test new methods, organizations, and technologies. Visit us on www.armyfuturescommand.com and join the team leading the Army into the future!FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.htmlThis is an open continuous announcement.
The first cut-off date is 04/30/2020. After this date additional referral lists will be created every 30 days or as vacancies are available.
Final application disposition will be completed once all positions have been filled or the announcement reaches the end of the open period stated in the announcement.

Who May Apply: US Citizens

In order to qualify, you must meet the education and/or requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document.

Basic Requirement for Operations Research Analyst (Data Scientist):

Degree: Bachelor's degree (or higher degree) in operations research; or a degree with at least 24 semester hours in a combination of operations research, mathematics, probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter courses requiring substantial competence in college-level mathematics or statistics. At least 3 of the 24 semester hours must have been in calculus.

In addition to meeting the basic requirement above, to qualify for this position you must also meet the qualification requirements listed below:

GS-9
Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes applying basic mathematical and statistics to perform routine, scientific or technical tasks or projects involving data collection. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the second lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-07).

OR

Education: Master's or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree in a field which demonstrates the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position, such as: computer science, operations research, operations management, mathematics, physics, or engineering.

OR

Combination of Education and Experience: A combination of education and experience may be used to qualify for this position as long as the computed percentage of the requirements is at least 100%. To compute the percentage of the requirements, divide your total months of experience by 12. Then divide the total number of completed graduate semester hours (or equivalent) beyond the first year (total graduate semester hours minus 18) by 18. Add the two percentages.

GS-11
Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes applying and adapting analytical, mathematical or statistical techniques to resolve problems or generate ideas for new programs, policy, or approaches to address. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the second lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-09).

OR

Education: Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree in a field which demonstrates the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position, such as: computer science, operations research, operations management, mathematics, physics, or engineering.

OR

Combination of Education and Experience: A combination of education and experience may be used to qualify for this position as long as the computed percentage of the requirements is at least 100%. To compute the percentage of the requirements, divide your total months of experience by 12. Then divide the total number of completed graduate semester hours (or equivalent) beyond the second year (total graduate semester hours minus 36) by 18. Add the two percentages.

GS-12
Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes experience interpreting policy and regulation to provide advisory; develop changes to plans and/or data collection methodology and provide recommendations for improvements to meet program objectives. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-11).

Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, at the GS-12 grade level, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone--no substitution of education for experience is permitted.

GS-13
Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes identifying, developing, and integrating information through various data collection/analysis procedures or technologies; and performing programming using data science software with a focus on open-source languages (e.g. R, Python, Scala, Julia). This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-12).

Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, at the GS-13 grade level, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone--no substitution of education for experience is permitted.

You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas:
Problem Solving
Research and Data Analysis
Technical Competence
Written Communication
