We Are Hiring

Clinical Data Management - Technical Analyst

Virtual Position

Why Join Ascension?

Ascensionleverages technology to create collaborative solutions that improve everyday health decisions. The technology enables seamless access to data across all applications transforming the customer experience when interacting with technology and enhancing our ability across Ascension to better serve communities with greater agility and responsiveness. It is used to provide insightful use of automation and data-drive improvements to enhance the provider, patient and consumer experience as well as keeping cybersecruity with a strong posture to protect data and other valuable assets.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension you will work with assigned customers to define business requirements and translate them through system design and solution development.

Responsibilities:
Designs, directs and performs data analyses to resolve complex business issues including technical and economic feasibility of proposed system solutions.
Uses data analysis and technical skills to help architect comprehensive models that integrate with other systems and data consumers.
Works toward troubleshooting and streamlining data validation efforts in complex database migrations.
Works on projects with broad implications requiring systems integration of multiple technical platforms.
Works closely with other teams of internal and external customers and vendors, understanding critical touchpoints and implications.
Manages expectations and ensures prompt and complete customer service.
Produces project plans, RFP's, and RFI's.
Leads design sessions by presenting logical statements of business problems and designs.
Customizes presentations to the interests of the audience.
What You Will Need:

Desired Work Experience:
3-5years of experience preferred.
3+ Years of SQL required.
Experience in Healthcare Technology/Terminology required.
Previous experience with other languages such as Python preferred.
Previous experience with multiple RDBMS, Oracle,SQL Server preferred.
Previous experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity

Ascension Technologiesis an EEO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vet. Please click the link below for more information.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf

E-Verify Statement

Ascension Technologies participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E -Verify (link to E-verify site)
