eGlobalTech, one of Northern Virginia’s fastest growing Cybersecurity consulting firms, is looking for an energetic and motivated Data Scientist/ML Developer to join our team out of Tysons Corner, VA and at consulting locations all around the DC Metro Area.The machine learning (ML) developer will work with a leading client in aviation to build Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities to address the client's toughest challenges. The software will leverage AWS Lex, AWS Lambda using Python and node.js and the candidate will be a part of a small team expected to engage regularly with the client, peers, and senior leadership.

Assist in the build and deployment of a next generation AI chatbot for thousands of users.
Write Python code to build and deploy machine learning (ML) models to automate the classification and categorization of key data sets.
Test, train, and re-train ML models regularly to increase model accuracy.
Work closely with an integrated team of clients, SMEs, leadership, and data scientists.
Brief clients on technical approaches, successes, and risks.
Interface with client stakeholders and the user community regularly to gather feedback on ML model performance and outcomes.

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Computer Engineering, or relevant field
5+ years demonstrable experience building and deploying software, preferably related to machine learning
Proficiency in Python
Experience writing and deploying ML solutions within AWS
Experience with AWS Lex, Lambda, SageMaker, S3, etc.

Thorough Understanding of node.js
Experience and/or interest in UI development

Founded in 2004, EGlobalTech (EGT) is a leading management and IT consulting firm in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Our focus is to provide the public sector with innovative solutions, leveraging cutting-edge tools and methodologies to meet the Government’s most pressing business needs. To achieve this objective, our core practice areas – strategy, IT solutions development, cyber security, and cloud computing – are integrated to provide clients with comprehensive end-to-end results. This integration enables our highly motivated teams to thrive in a culture that encourages out-of-the-box thinking, collaboration and an environment where you can excel. For more information, please visit our website at www.eglobaltech.com
Equal Employment Opportunity:
As a condition of employment with EGlobalTech, any successful job applicant will be required to successfully complete a background investigation, which may also include a pre-employment drug screen and/or a credit check for positions in some areas of our business. EGlobalTech is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, status as a protected veteran, sexual orientation, gender identity, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. EGlobalTech participates in the E-Verify program. EEO is the law.
