Hyliion is bringing hybrid electric technology to the trucking industry by reducing fuel consumption, minimizing our energy footprint, and improving the quality of life for truck drivers. Come join the revolution!

Position Overview:

Hyliion is looking for a Simulation Data Analyst to participate in the development and analysis of simulations regarding hybrid powertrain control logic, vehicle dynamics, cooling system control logic and battery management systems. This includes the use of modeling and simulation tools for the creation and running of simulations across acquired datasets, programming in Matlab and C/C++, and scripting. Basic graphing and analysis of simulation output data is also involved.

Primary Responsibilities:
Assist in the development and execution of operational and/or physics-based models.
Integrate new capabilities into existing tools through scripting and plugins.
Perform software engineering research, design development, and other assignments in conformance with design, engineering, and customer specifications.
Research and acquire new data of interest, develop new databases, and organize, optimize, and cleanse new data for repeated access by the modeling team to develop innovative solutions to mission-oriented problems.
Employ a well-defined but complex modeling methodology to apply modeling and measuring techniques utilizing data normalization, data analysis, statistical methods, and other scientific methods to reveal trends and patterns in large sets of data.
Requirements:
Degree in software engineering, automotive engineering, computer science, computational science, mathematics, statistics, operations research or equivalent.
Programming proficiency in at least one high level language such as JAVA, VBA, Python, Fortran, C, or C++.
Masterâs degree with 5 years of experience, or a bachelorâs degree and 10 years of experience
Extensive experience programming in Python, JAVA, C++, and VBA.
Experience or training in one or more of the following: GIS, optimization, artificial intelligence, visualization, computer aided design, human/system interfaces, queueing theory, game theory/design, parallelization, database design, statistics.
Specific Tool Familiarity: Eclipse, Octave, Matlab, R, Repast Symphony, QGIS, ExtendSim, Arena, MySQL, JSAF, CIRCAS.
Familiarity with Linux operating environments (e.g., Ubuntu, Suse, RedHat, CentOS, etc.), virtualization, Git.
Benefits:
Help make the world a cleaner place by revolutionizing the trucking industry
Work in a small team that operates at an incredibly fast pace
Ability to make a difference in the product, workplace, industry and team
Unlimited PTO
Competitive salary, equity, and benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(k)
Hyliion is committed to diversity and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR
