PLEASE READ BEFORE APPLYING:
ONSITE WORK ONLY: This is not a remote/work-from-home position except during COVID restrictions, which is currently in place and all employees work remotely for their safety. If hired you must work onsite in our Round Rock, TX office.
NO SPONSORSHIP: We are not offering sponsorship at this time (for those requiring government sponsorship for employment); please do not apply if you require sponsorship in order for work eligibility.
MUST BE AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN USA: Only candidates currently authorized to work in the United States will be considered for this position; employment will not be offered or considered for candidates that have not yet received official confirmation of work authorization at time of applying.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We are a software company committed to providing innovative and comprehensive technologies allowing customers to operate more effectively and efficiently. Our solutions provide significant time savings and automate vital business processes. We have enjoyed strong and consistent growth for the past decade. As the premier industry leader in our domain, we have thousands of customers spanning across the United States.

Qualified employees will be expected to:
Advanced knowledge & experience using T-SQL data-relationships, database concepts, design & diagrams
Support software developers with database operations including the development and the creation of stored procedures
Learn relevant business processes and understand the data flow, criticality and dependencies
Maintain documentation in an internal wiki
Troubleshoot data issues
Write, test and deploy MS SQL Queries and Stored Procedures
Respond to requests for data from internal users in a timely fashion
Very strong attention to detail; very particular and careful with handling of customer data, queries & changes to that data
Understand databases and be able to troubleshoot common issues
Knowledge of data integration, SQL programming, stored procedures and triggers
Education/Experience:
At least some higher education in computer science or related degree
Familiar with Git
Benefits:
Ownership opportunities
Health insurance
Medical FSA accounts (flexible spending account)
Limited vision program discounts
Paid personal time, sick time, vacation, and company-recognized holidays
Flexible schedule opportunities
Unlimited snacks
Incredible work environment and team (feels like family!)
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Language:
English (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Application Question:
Will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship for employment at Smartwebs?
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
