We are hiring an Industry Analyst for the Data Board (board.org/data) -- the community for the people leading data strategy and data science at large corporations. This means you'll need broad-ranging subject matter expertise on how this function is run at large enterprises. We're also looking for experience that shows you can lead sophisticated group discussions around these topics.

This is a fascinating, career-making role. You will become the star analyst and face of the industry. You'll build connections with the most important leaders at the biggest companies.

You'll lead a group of senior-level executives as they struggle with the challenges of being a change agent in a critical role. You'll facilitate high-level, peer-to-peer conversations through email discussions, conference calls, and in-person meetings (when it's safe).

You'll love this job if:
You want to work on cutting-edge business issues with senior leaders at great companies. Extra credit for experience with VP+ leaders at Fortune 1000 companies.
You are looking for an intellectually challenging, ideas-based job where you get to learn and dig deep into fascinating real-world problems, strategies, and current events.
You have leadership/facilitator skills and can bring people together for complex discussions. You can stand in front of a group and guide them in high-level interactions toward bigger ideas and outcomes.
You have great people skills and love building relationships with the people you serve.
You must have the ability to develop deep subject matter expertise in the community topic. This position requires proven ability to master complex business topics in cutting-edge fields. We hire people with a track record of intellectual curiosity, academic excellence, and genuine interest in the future of business. You'll be responsible for developing and maintaining our knowledge base of information related to the field. You'll need to develop and maintain:
Knowledge of the market, industry landscape, major providers, emerging trends, and top issues.
Understanding of the management practices, business applications, opportunities, and challenges facing executives leading this function in large enterprises.
Subject matter expertise in data strategy and data management issues such as data governance, data warehouse, data integration, data-driven culture, and machine learning.
If you aren't already an expert in this topic, show us how you've mastered similarly complex topics in the past.

What you'll do

You're a leader who creates an atmosphere for great conversations, deep relationships, and a tight-knit community. It's a special place where members know that they are trusted, safe, and loved. They can share their toughest issues, because they know they're with a family who shares the same interests and concerns.

You build deep professional and personal relationships with our members. You know how to get them to open up. You know what matters to them, so you can guide the conversation where it's most meaningful.

You care passionately about the success of others. You're driven by the desire to serve and deliver an experience that is career-changing for our members. You show deep commitment at a personal level to our members, the work we do, and the people we serve.

You're part of a collaborative, full-team approach to managing your community. You focus on member relationships, content, and conversations. You work with Community Managers who provide member service, community infrastructure, and a loving community culture.

What we're looking for
Stellar communication skills in all forms: In person, on stage, on the phone, in correspondence, online, and in social media.
Comfortable and natural leader of a group who can take charge of a room. Quickly connects with executives on a personal and professional level in an extremely positive way.
Experienced moderator and facilitator who can lead peer-to-peer discussions for executives without it being about you.
Intellectually curious: Thrive in an ideas-oriented environment working with sophisticated content, issues, policies, and ideas. Know what makes a good story, important topic, or great conversation.
Directly-related experience with at least one: a) advanced content, policy, or issues work, b) position at a major brand in a relevant area, c) strategy-level work with large corporations, or d) community manager, moderator, or facilitator.
Experience with senior executives at large companies in a professional context: Has worked directly with Fortune 1000 executives (CXO, VP, Director) as an employee, consultant, or vendor. Relates to their life, understands their issues, and can find out what they need. Knows how to engage and communicate with them.
Experience that demonstrates your ability to master complex business topics -- advanced degree preferred.
Some important details

Compensation: We offer good pay, plus great benefits and perks -- including 7 weeks PTO plus 3 weeks sick leave, 401K match, fantastic health insurance, and private offices for everyone. Check out all the benefits and our workspace at gaspedal.com/working-here.

How to get this job: Submit an application at gaspedal.com. We want to see a great cover letter, resume, and anything else that shows us how you write, think, and work. Show us what you've done and how you can do it for us. If you're not sure this is the right position for you, please do apply anyway. We'll help you figure out where you fit on the team.

Location: This is a full-time, in-the-office position at our Austin ranch (check it out at gaspedal.com/ranch). We are temporarily remote, but will be definitely returning to the office. No relocation assistance is provided, and we don't hire telecommuters.

What we do

We build peer-to-peer communities for the people doing meaningful work at really big companies. We surround these executives with ideas, friends, and support so they can achieve their mission -- and this helps them improve the lives of their millions of customers and employees. We love to find these people, support them, help them thrive, and make them stars.

Currently we run SocialMedia.org and Board.org, and we're launching new communities for equality, innovation, and other game-changing topics. Take a look at Board.org and SocialMedia.org to see how our communities work and to learn about the communities we're launching. Our entire business model is explained in detail at gaspedal.com.

What it's like to work with us

Imagine never having another boring day at work. This is a high-performing, intense, high-energy workplace that lets you do astonishingly good work every day. And we balance it with healthy work policies that send us home, on time, to our families and personal lives. We don't know it all, but we're figuring it out together and having a great time doing it.

You'll like our team. We only work with people we like, people who care, and people devoted to the cause. There are no office politics, whiners, slackers, or jerks. (We also reject customers that don't treat our employees well.) We are dedicated and driven -- and you'll enjoy spending your days with us.

Learn all about our company culture at gaspedal.com. We're quirky, so you should read it carefully before you apply. We're also super transparent, because we want you to really understand what it's like to work here.

Powered by JazzHR
