Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Business/Data Analyst for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Healthcare clients in Jacksonville, FL.

Responsibilities:
Analyze business needs to determine technical requirements and identifies impacted areas/systems/processes and evaluates alternative solutions
Design, develop, documents, test or support modification of computer programs and/or systems
Research and assist in designs solutions for general maintenance requests to resolve system problems
Prepare detailed system requirements and assists in functional design solutions for new products/functionality and enhancements to existing products/functionality
Provide oversight and final review of design specification
Take the initiative to seek out areas of improvement
Assigned to highly complex projects, systems or initiatives
Provide input into forecasting and project-planning for scope/requirements documents and/or vendor contracts to minimize risk to on-time, cost-effective solution fulfillment.
Lead a systematic process for capturing requirements.
Work with partners to capture requirements in a standard format that can serve as the foundation for developing technical documentation.
Using SDLC processes and associated tools, analyzes current system targeted for replacement/enhancement to determine business and technical functions to be included in design.
Prepare crosswalks for transforming input data to output with application of rules
Work with Developers and other IT staff to determine system components and functional flow of components and data between components.
Validate the design documentation with the appropriate parties and receives approval on these documents.
Review final design documents to ensure that they clearly explain the work expectations.
Clarify design expectations. Answer business and technical questions. Research and involve appropriate parties to resolve more complex business and technical issues.
Continuously assess systems as business direction changes for impacts to existing designs. Understand impacts and works as appropriate to determine best solution.
Provide consultative support for the systems within their product family
Partner with developers and other IT staff to ensure the design fulfills business and technical requirements
Responsible for relationship management responsibilities for assigned vendors
Prepare technical documentation and deliverables including flow charts, models, and procedures, user guides, scorecards, and reporting.
Ensure adherence to practices, standards, policies, and procedures.
Develop test scenarios & test cases, performs test executions for various system components.
Prepare complex test strategies to ensure comprehensive coverage of system components and interfaces; provides SME level expertise and recommends test strategies and scenarios for junior level analysts.
Develop and document vetted contingency plans in case of risks or roadblocks
Responsible for consensus and relationship building between Business, IT teams and BRMs
Other duties as assigned
Strong knowledge of MS Excel and MS Visio

Required Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in a Computer, Mathematics, or Business-related field or relevant work experience
3-5 years' experience in an analytical role, preferably in a BSA or similar role.
3-5 years' experience working on reporting projects and building dashboards
3-5 years strong data mapping, crosswalk skills
3-5 years gathering and documenting business operational reporting requirements
Ability to write simple to complex SQL Queries
Experience in Application development, testing, and/or business/systems analysis role
Various Domain experience; Health Care, Financial, etc.
Experience using Agile, Waterfall, or hybrid methodology
Specific tools, languages and specialty skills may vary

SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at www.sgainc.com.
