Job Description:

Job Title:
USGAAP Financial and Reference Data Control Analyst

Corporate Title:
Analyst

Location:
Jacksonville, FL

Overview

The USGAAP Financial and Reference Data Control Analyst role coordinates and assists with recurring outputs and reports. You will assist the Financial Reporting Analysts, Specialists, and Leads in the timely delivery of reports, and edit as requested by managers in the group. The Financial, Regulatory and Risk Reporting Support Analyst organizes checks on reports and ensures consistency across all reporting in accordance with relevant accounting standards. You may partner with various stakeholders in the Bank to collect the necessary information for reporting. This role is needed to support financial and regulatory reporting from USGAAP standpoint.

What We Offer You:
We offer competitive health and wellness benefits, empowering you to value life in and out of the office
On-site gym, cafeteria, health center, and communal meeting areas
Active engagement with the local community through Deutsche Banks specialized employee groups
An open seating environment that encourages networking and collaboration across functions and businesses
Hear from our people and look inside our office: DB@The Muse

Your Key Responsibilities:
Prepare and maintain the Banks USGAAP consolidation tool (Regional Consolidation System - RCS) for financial regulatory as well as internal reporting requirements. This involves remediating data quality issues, system enhancements, testing scenario analysis capabilities and establishing sound control framework around USGAAP consolidation processes
Coordinate efforts between various relevant stakeholders such as Legal Vehicle Controllers, Quality Assurance Coordinators, Global Technology, Finance Directors, etc. to resolve consolidation breaks/issues
Maintain oversight of USGAAP related chart of account and facilitate changes by performing impact analysis on various reporting parameters. Engage appropriate stakeholders from reporting standpoint to review and approve relevant changes
Oversee and maintain various referential data touch points in multiple reporting systems to ensure timely and accurate reporting, and drive process improvements and track projects to streamline complex tasks performed by the team
Perform deep dive analysis to identify and eliminate redundancies in existing processes to create capacity which can be utilized elsewhere
Create and/or maintain Key Operating Procedures for all functions performed by the USGAAP local control team
Your Skills and Experience:
Bachelors Degree and relevant accounting and/or finance industry experience or internship experience
You will be expected to be able to work independently with multiple deadlines and have the ability to focus and prioritize in a high pressure environment
Strong analytical skills, detail-oriented, service commitment, and solid organizational and interpersonal skills
Ability to manage and deliver on senior management expectations
Excellent PC skills to include experience with MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Our values define the working environment we strive to create - diverse, supportive and welcoming of different views. We embrace a culture reflecting a variety of perspectives, insights and backgrounds to drive innovation. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements and other initiatives we offer.

We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs and generations and are committed to providing a working environment free from harassment, discrimination and retaliation.

Click here to find out more about our diversity and inclusion policy and initiatives.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. Click these links to view the following notices: EEO is the Law poster and supplement; Employee Rights and Responsibilities under the Family and Medical Leave Act; Employee Polygraph Protection Act and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision.
