Job Description
Job Title: Data Analyst Team Lead

Department: Consumer Driven Health Plans

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

This position is responsible for overseeing the Eligibility Team for processing and proper filing of all eligibility data. This includes enrollments, terminations, and changes in status that are received by email and EDI files sent via SFTP. This position is also responsible for the setup of all new EDI file feeds, monitoring and tracking all scheduled EDI file feeds that are expected to come in weekly, notifying the appropriate vendors when the files are not received or if corrections/updates need to be made to the file, proper coordination within the department of open enrollment files vs. change files, and implement, track, and monitor auditing processes for ongoing and open enrollment files. Further, this position is responsible for identifying ways to improve the EDI process to more efficiently manage all facets of the file feed integrations to capture all necessary data. The EDI file specs are in a proprietary format designed by our software partner.

SKILLS REQUIRED:
Experience with file feeds terminology
Experience with different file formats (xml, csv, tab, common delimited)
Ability to decipher and process XML files
Experience with reading and creating file specification templates
Experience with file editors (notepad++, etc.)
Knowledge of complex Excel comparative formulas required
Experience with file editing software
Experience with proprietary file layout specification/templates
Ability to learn proprietary file layouts from third party vendors
Organizational and prioritization skills
Outlook experience required
Time management skills
Ability to work independently with minimal oversight
Ability to effectively communicate verbally and written with vendors and clients on file related information


TASKS:
Oversee eligibility team to ensure all eligibility is processed and saved in the appropriate files, timeframes are being met, processes are followed, and proactively identifying potential issues
Setup, update, modify new and existing EDI file feeds
Facilitate the process for updating existing file feeds, as needed
Work with XML file feeds from Employee Navigator
Conduct meetings with vendors and clients to ensure accuracy of file feeds
Track and monitor or facilitate eligibility audits for both ongoing and open enrollment files
Process incoming eligibility data, as needed, including enrollments, re-hires, terminations & changes in status. These documents may be received via email and SFTP
Follow all Medcom policies as they relate to privacy and security
Work overtime as requested
Perform other duties as assigned by management
Update and use CRM to log eligibility related data.
Work with other departments to effectively communicate file feed information across mutual clients.
Other Duties are required by management.
