The Human Performance Data Analyst is to shape long-term understanding and impact of training, understand context and operationalize research constructs into field studies as indicated by the Government.
Track and provide actionable metrics for psychological and qualitative assessments and scale data management and outputs IAW the Governments needs as necessary.
Provide actionable reports and provides Air Force (AF) leaders with professional, viewable and printable reports.
Ensure the data management system has the ability to pull information on Graduates (GRADs), Self-Identified Eliminations (SIEs), Performance Failures (PFs) and Medical Failures (MFs) by those authorized with this access.
Work with the Government to create data input and output products and methodologies.
Will provide Data Analysts support to analyze physiological, psychological and qualitative metrics associated with candidates and operators.
Be able to paint the picture of what challenges a SW candidate, physically, psychologically or qualitatively through objectives data sets, captured and displayed through the data management system.
Provide the ability to assess class averages, highs and lows, with the overall goal of establishing SW specific algorithms and standards.
Designs, develops, builds classifier and implements quantitative models. Performs exploratory data analysis to identify attributes and applies predictive analytics techniques including information retrieval, machine learning, network analysis and data mining to generate management insight and enable customer facing applications.
Researches, tests, builds, and performs data transformations for data reduction and variable analysis of risk analysis to implement statistical techniques. Assists with designing and developing new models or refreshing existing software.
Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Collaborates with project teams and stakeholders to identify client requirements.
Works with Software Developers to research architecture for new products, services, and features.
Assists in developing algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data.
Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in the field of Statistics / Mathematics/ Marketing/ Economics, or Business Administration or 2+ years data mining and/or 4+ years in a data analyst role.
Shall have a proficient understanding and working knowledge of computer, e-mail, voice mail, and telephone texts to perform duties. Additionally, be proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint to 4.5.
Location
San Antonio, Texas
