Job Description
CornerStone Staffing has partnered with a MAJOR HEALTHCARE NETWORK in Fort Worth and is currently recruiting for the following position:

Job Title: Medical Data Analyst

Location: West Fort Worth

Pay: $15+/hr

Schedule: 8:00am - 5:00pm

Job Description: Data analysis of Managed Care Programs, eligibility experience highly preferred; exceptional computer skills with experience in a healthcare setting.

Duration: Temp (3+ months with possibility to extend)

Requirements:
Professional demeanor and phone voice
Accurate data entry
Good customer service
Strong Microsoft Office experience
Must have high school diploma or GED
Sense of urgency – must be a fast worker


Application Process Includes:
Drug testing
Background check
Flu shot/TB test


To Apply for this Job:

Click the Apply Online button at the top of this page, then:
If you are currently registered with CornerStone Staffing, click the I have a username and password and want to log in button to add yourself as a candidate to this job.
If you are NOT currently registered with CornerStone Staffing, click the I need to register button to complete the application.
#ZIP

#CB

#MON
Company Description
CornerStone Staffing has been servicing the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex since 1991. We are committed to supporting our community through our core values of compassion, integrity, self discipline, and faith.

CornerStone specializes in servicing a wide variety of industries including Office Professional, Accounting, Finance, Call Center, Healthcare, IT, Engineering as well as many others. CornerStone prides itself in getting it right the first time, which leads to our superior employee retention and client satisfaction. We have achieved this by constantly scrutinizing our systems, our relationships, our marketing, and our work environment. Our relationships extend to hundreds of companies and thousands of temporary associates in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. We pride ourselves on maintaining long-term relationships with our clients and job seekers.

CornerStone currently has 11 offices across the Metroplex to serve your needs. If you are a job seeker looking for short-term supplemental income or a full-time position that will launch a new career, we can assist you in finding the right opportunity!
