Description:

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics. Be More Than You Can Imagine.

At Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, we're taking innovation to the next level. From designing the most advanced air vehicle to designing aircraft that defies gravity, our engineers live on the cutting edge of technology. Never have the opportunities for a technical career been so limitless.

This position will serve on the F-35 Integrated Systems Evaluation Data Analysis Team. Responsible to conduct data analysis of F-35s system performance (air vehicle and air system) focusing on the lethality, survivability, and interoperability. This position reports to the Manager of the Integrated Systems Evaluation (ISE) team as part of the F-35 test and evaluation team.

This role requires performing data analytics to support streamlining the data to the analyst, analysis automation and adhoc analysis through the use of data analytics techniques. Data will come from multiple complex test venues such as on aircraft testing (flight and ground), LM & USG laboratory testing, manned simulations, and constructive/desktop modeling. This position will assist in analysis tool development and drive for effective analysis tools, commonality amongst the team and coordinate across the F-35 analysis groups to reduce tool duplication and data processing supporting analysis. The successful candidate must be comfortable with learning new techniques/tools, running and generating results from various analytical models, analytical tools and databases. The candidate will be expected to work across F-35 capability deliveries to test. The candidate will assist in coordination of development, execution and delivery of data analysis to generate executive level summaries and briefings for senior executives and government decision makers. The position will require international and domestic travel to various customer locations, test sites, USG labs and the F-35 Joint Program Office to coordinate and plan at all levels of test and evaluation and to observe execution of real-time flight and laboratory testing.
Must be flexible on short notice to conduct travel.

A level 3 employee Typically has 5 - 10 years of professional experience.
*Must be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.**
Whats In It For You
Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
• Medical
• Dental
• 401k
• Paid time off
• Work/life balance
• Career development
• Mentorship opportunities
• Rewards & recognition

Learn more about Lockheed Martins comprehensive benefits package here.

This position is in Fort Worth, TX Discover Fort Worth.

EngineeringAeronautics
Basic Qualifications:
Experience with aeronautical or aerospace test design or test plans or data analysis or evaluation and reporting
Previous data analysis experience
Experience with military aircraft and aircraft systems
Experience with MATLAB or Python
Desired Skills:
Experience using quantitative models, risk management techniques, analytical tools, Windows based systems, and MS Office products.
Strong oral & written communications skills, analytical thinking and physical science/engineering problem solving skills, and willingness to work in a multi-disciplinary team environment, as well as good multitasking abilities.
- Current DoD Secret Clearance
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
