Data Analyst Required Skills Must have 1-3 years of experience in a professional data analysis Knowledge of Microsoft Office and components, including Access Experience creating schedules in Excel is required Experience with relational databases, SQL, Crystal Reports. Some familiarity with IT groups will be required Analyze data using appropriate control and run charts Must be strong with Math numerator and denominator Must be comfortable in a fast-paced environment Must be polished and able to present to Executives if needed Must be driven and eager to learn Must have a great attitude Excellent written and verbal communication skills are ABSOLUTELY required Must be accountable, this group is the top of their department and they must be able to trust you Desired Skills Degree in HIM Healthcare Data Analysis Description of RoleResponsibilities We are looking for a Data Analyst to join an expanding team at one of the most well respected Health Care organizations in Columbus. Our client is seeking a Data Analyst in their Quality Improvement Services department. This position is responsible for reviewing and analyzing data that supports assigned projects in Quality Improvement Services will maintain databases and sources of information for quality initiatives, accreditation efforts, regulatory mandates, contractual requirement and ad hoc requests position coordinates data from various sources. Find Us on Facebook! httpswww.facebook.comBeaconHillStaffing Follow Us on Twitter! httptwitter.com!BHStaffingGroup Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply. Company Profile Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, ProgrammingDevelopment, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, ProductionSupport and ERP roles. Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com httpwww.beaconhillstaffing.com . We look forward to working with you. Beacon Hill. Employing the Future
