Full Time/Benefits Eligible
*PhD preferred, or on track to obtain PhD within two years*
We are seeking a Data Statistics Analyst that will work alongside clinical Care Coordination staff in order to further the mission of Partners For Kids (PFK). PFK is a physician-hospital organization affiliated with Nationwide Children’s Hospital. PFK contracts with the Medicaid managed care plans in 34 counties in the central and southeast Medicaid regions for approximately 330,000 children. The Data Statistics Analyst will:
Identify and implement measurement methods that assess effectiveness of various interventions.
Create publications for peer reviewed journals and grant submissions on best practices
Provide statistical and methodical expertise, critical thinking and analysis skills

Why Nationwide Children’s Hospital
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
Work with Care Coordination teams to develop measures for monitoring interventions and clinical outcomes to evaluate the effectiveness of the care coordination program.
Conducts monthly/quarterly and annual regulatory reporting to Health Plans.
Utilizes existing datasets (Enterprise Data Warehouse, Claims Data Warehouse, comparative pediatric datasets) to run queries and summarize output needed for day to day operations of the care coordination program.
Participates in development of care coordination documentation modules in the Electronic Health Record in order to leverage EHR data in reporting.
Creates controls charts and graphs to visually depict process and outcome measures.
Tabulates and analyzes population health data by using statistical techniques in order to assess health status and program effectiveness.
Coordinates the selection and implementation of risk stratification tools.
Facilitates efforts to improve care coordination through tracking, trending, data collection, assessment of statistical process charts, follow up and communication.
Documents measures, designs and develops dashboards for data analysis using business intelligence tools.
Participates in research, scientific investigation, publication, and grant writing activities related to care coordination and population health.
Collaborates with hospital/medical /care coordination staff to systematically collect and analyze a variety of data, creating and interpreting data displays, and creating summaries.
Participates in improving decision support through recommending areas or approaches for improvement activities, performing new procedures, collecting data and providing input to department discussions.
Participates in research, scientific investigation, publication, and grant writing activities related to care coordination and population health.
Ensures that integrity of data being reported is accurate and valid.

What Are We Looking For?
KNOWLEDGE , SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED
Master's Degree in Public Health, Health Services Administration, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis or Epidemiology or related field. PhD is preferred, or on track to obtain PhD within two years.
Knowledge of statistical process control principles and at least three years' experience in extracting and analyzing data via SQL/SAS/SPSS and business intelligence tools.
Demonstrates the ability to analyze and interpret statistical data.
Experience analyzing claims and reporting on health outcomes is highly preferred.
Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills necessary to present and communication important information effectively to all levels of hospital staff.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
Typing on a keyboard Frequently (34-66%)Talking in person/on the phone Frequently (34-66%)Standing/walking Frequently (34-66%) The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE M/F/Disability/Vet
