Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Primary Job Function


Working in support of the Medical Devices US Sales Division, the Enterprise Accounts Business Analyst will interface with Sales, Sales Management, Enterprise Accounts Sales personnel, Sales Operations, Marketing, Finance, OEC and Legal to apply business management principles and financial concepts that maximize the companys performance against sales and profit goals and minimize risk. Position will support largest Medical Device customer set including Group Purchasing Organizations (GPOs) and highly complex Integrated Delivery Network (IDN) representing 80% of Medical Device revenue across Abbotts largest Divisions, including all Medical Device Divisions of Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM), Electrophysiology (EP) / Heart Failure (HF), Vascular (VAS) and Structural Heart (SH). The ideal candidate must possess strong analytical capabilities to build strategic tools to understand large data sets to produce substantiated recommendations, develop relationships with internal EA field teams, Divisional field teams and key contacts at external customers and possess ability to understand complex contract terms and conditions in a highly regulated industry. Must work effectively in a high-pressure, high-demand sales support environment and make sound judgments on high level questions / issues.

Core Job Responsibilities
Pricing strategy development for both national and regional health care systems spanning 25-150+ hospitals within GPO and / or IDN. Examples include HCA, Ascension, Kaiser, VA, Premier, Vizient, Steward, Tenet, Excelerate, Baylor Scott and White and CHLI.
Pricing analysis, P&L impact, contract development and execution for large customers ranging from $50MM to $675MM in annual Total Available Market (TAM) across Medical Devices; with Abbott EA sales making up $3.9B in revenue and 7.4MM in units annually. Customer-service oriented mind frame and skill sets to support the EA field sales teams and Divisional field sales team and their price/contract needs while balancing needs of the corporation.
Supports the Strategic Pricing and Contracting Manager with the development and implementation of price approvals / financial impact analysis and contract creation / maintenance. Work within audit guidelines for contract approval and contract creation. Must have well-honed sense of urgency and ability to work under pressure. This includes the ability to multitask and manage competing priorities.
Must be able to learn and understand multiple product lines, multiple and varying business strategies and operational processes across all supported Business Units; including varying and complex analytical models including development of profit and loss statements for customer deals and understanding ROI models for capital contract structures.
Possess ability to manage and influence multiple relationships including Enterprise Accounts field teams, BU field teams, peers and key relationships with external customers. Must be able to build rapport with diverse personalities.
Required to negotiate contractual terms with external customers. Must have an understanding of the terms and conditions, contract structures and processes/systems to hold meaningful discussions while representing Abbott in a professional manner.
Works directly with Enterprise Accounts field teams and Business Unit field sales and assists with deal evaluation and creation of analytical deliverables on a case by case basis. Aggregate and individual account strategic analysis often must be built based on the composition of each customer. Must possess ability to understand the level of data needed and technical skills to build custom models and analysis to support decision making process. This includes the ability to identify and derive data from the appropriate systems and build analytical models across multiple data sets that can be adjusted to satisfy various proposal structures.
Lead planning calls with CSEs, RSDs and AVPs in multiple divisions to prepare RFP responses, gain alignment on pricing strategy and analytics and review strategy for Price Council.
Proficient in the use of Word and PowerPoint. Demonstrated advanced skills in Excel as customized strategic analysis will need to be developed for deal modeling and customer facing analytics.
Assists with training field sales, typically on a day-to-day, deal-to-deal basis, on tools, policies, and procedures and contractual terms.
Must be able to advise on appropriate structures from a business perspective and have a basic understanding from a legal perspective; as well as ensure there are resources and systems to support.
Owns contract creation from start to finish collaborative effort with sales team to define price needs, analysis to determine financial impact, execution of required internal review for price approval, documentation of proper approval, and final creation of outbound contract offering to end customer.
Review and redline business terms and coordinate with Legal on contract redlines. This includes working with customer templates and ensuring appropriate vetting through other departments which may include IP legal, privacy, OEC, LR&C, tech services, security, finance, risk management and customer service amongst others. Must be able to appropriately determine the correct department for review, talk through customer requests and associated risks as well as incorporate responses into contractual terms.
Ability to create and vet various contract structures, which may include, but not limited to cross product division structures, central storage agreements and distributor agreements.
Execution of formal requests for proposals (RFP)s that may be on customer contract templates and require specialized formatting of documents and price files. Information required of the RFP is often varied, including customized product cross references, company/product information and analyses reflective of the Medical Device portfolio.
Perform comparisons to industry/company benchmarks to identify contracting opportunities and best practices. Work in industry leading customer space and must identify and highlight new trends to leadership as well as peer group.
Along with business operations partners, execute improvement programs to streamline the flow of various system operations.
Follows all management approved processes and procedures; alerts management when circumstances require deviation to the approved processes and procedures. This includes understand and complying with corporate US policies and procedures.
Understanding GPO contractual obligations and the impacts they have on various contracting processes and product launches.
Ability to apply critical thinking skills and problem solve to arrive at a viable solution, when challenged with complex situations and customer requests.
Attention to detail is required. Must be able to consider the broader scope when working through new contract structures and identify/address the effects it may have on other agreements and/or processes.
Use of good judgment in this highly diversified, fast paced, high pressure environment.
Supervisory/Management Responsibilities
None
Position Accountability / Scope
Reports to Manager, Enterprise Accounts Strategic Pricing and Contracting
Role will be based out of Austin, TX or Alpharetta, GA
Minimum Education
Bachelors degree
MBA preferred
Minimum Experience/Training Required
Minimum of 7-10 years of experience in business, finance or strategic pricing and contracting is required. Prior experience as Abbott Medical Devices Business Analyst in a Business Unit is preferred.
Excellent written and oral communications skills with attention to detail, ability to work under pressure, ability to work with general supervision, must be autonomous.
Leadership, problem solving, and negotiation skills
Strong analytical, strategic and problem-solving skills required. High level technical skills to build customized analytics based on customer situation. Ability to recognize technical needs and work to build and implement tools that can support the broader Enterprise Accounts Business Analyst team.
Strong quantitative & qualitative analysis skills, including experience working with large data sets
Demonstrated ability to work seamlessly with remote sites & business partners including building relationship with Sales personnel to be highly effective
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
