Amyx is seeking to hire an Information Security and Data Protection Analyst to support the Defense Logistics Agency in the Columbus, OH area.

Handling Remedy Work Orders. This means experience using and generating Remedy tickets. Track their own work and the work of others through Remedy.
Tasking Duties. Experience and comfort tasking out work to be members of the same team and/or to different teams. Being able to track their own work, as well as the work of others will be important.
Hitting deadlines and juggling multiple projects at a time. Being able to prioritize work so that frequently occurring assignments are meeting Service Level Agreement (SLA) deadlines.
Capturing and collecting web activity reports and log-in/log-out reports.
Decrypting, in-bulk, Outlook data in a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI). This includes data
Forensically collecting Electronically Stored Information (ESI) for legal purposes by maintaining data integrity. Collecting data so that it can be reviewed by legal teams for potential or impending litigation will be a main task. This will require extensive use of Robocopy for metadata preservation.
Knowing and using Data Loss Prevention (DLP) industry best practices. This includes using both tools and techniques well-known in the industry.
Identifying and protecting Personally Identifiable Information (PII) on the network that requires securing.
The ability to become a Key Recovery Agent (KRA) in a PKI.
Supported Technologies:
Zeva Inc.’s Decryptnabox
Robocopy, ArcSiteLogger
ForcePoint, Remedy

Required Skills and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or another directly relatable field.
5+ years of work experience in a related field.
Technical versatility and organization is a must
Security+ Certificate
Desired Skills and Qualifications:
CISSP or similar certification preferred (CISM, GSEC, etc.)
Department of Defense and PKI experience preferred
Office 365 experience would be a plus
Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.

Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.


Physical Demands

Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.
