Position Description


Data Scientist
Location


National Capital Region, VA

Job Code

122

# of openings

1

Apply Now

Overview:

Based in Northern, VA, Axiologic Solutions LLC has opportunities for you to become part of our high-quality team that delivers innovative solutions to key federal clients. We are currently seeking a Data Scientist to oversee and manage complex, state of the art, new unique programs and projects related to information technology.

Responsibilities:
Develop and presents issues, conclusions, and recommendations to senior leadership based on reviews and evaluations.
Directs and conducts analysis of requirements pertaining to Agency programs and objectives.
Examines policies to identify those affecting programs and determines approaches to resolving issues
Identify problem areas, define the nature and scope of the problem and objectives sought.
Work with a team to design, implement, and maintain new systems.
Provide guidance to the customer on best-practices.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
Must have an active/current TS/SCI and be able to pass a CI Poly.
Approximately ten (10) years of experience in information systems development, focused on processing large volume, near-real time data feeds to meet data analytics and security requirements.
Experience and knowledge of tools associated with counterintelligence and HUMINT collectors.
Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, engineering, or other relevant discipline.
Knowledge of web services feeds.
Demonstrated work experience in architecting new system solutions using current technologies, as well as transitioning existing systems into modern technologies without negatively impacting operational and compliance requirements.
Demonstrated experience performing data assessment, data engineering, modeling and analytics to enable new methodologies for end user analysts, data scientists, etc.
Demonstrated experience as a SME to prioritize and meet tactical and strategic requirements for frameworks and systems to process data.
Demonstrated experience in information systems development across the IT lifecycle, with a focus on systems to perform high volume and velocity data processing on disparate data types/formats.
Demonstrated experience architecting and delivering automated and scalable data process monitoring and data quality systems and processes.
Must be a diverse thinker and be able to work in a large group setting.
Write and edit technical documents and reports;
Write, edit, and produce contents for contract deliverables: reports, training materials, presentation slides, letters, fact sheets, diagrams, and capability.
Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.
Communicate formally and informally through existing forums to stakeholders at all levels, including senior leadership.
AWS, Atlassian Suite products like Jira/Confluence and AWS Cloud experience desired.
Work Environment:
This is a full-time position, requiring 40 hours per week Monday through Friday within the contract hours of 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
Travel Requirements:
Travel may be required both inside and outside the Washington National Capital Region (NCR).
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.

Applicants with a physical or mental disability, who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, may e-mail their request to Jennifer.chavira@axiologicsolutions.com, call 571-758-3780, or visit our office at 8280 Willow Oaks Corp. Dr. Suite 450, Fairfax Virginia for assistance. Determinations on request for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.
