Payzer is a fast growing software company in Charlotte, North Carolina. Our company has grown rapidly, and today we have over 4,000 business customers and generate more than $1B in annual payments volume.

We make and sell Payzerware, the all-in-one management tool that helps contractors run their business, grow sales, and simplify back office operations.

Our online and mobile software applications deliver:
Inbound call management and CRM
Technician scheduling and dispatch
Appointments and reminders
Sales proposals, invoices and maintenance agreements
Easy-to-use online and mobile payment solutions
Instant loan decisions that help grow average order size
Effective promotional offers that help close business
Simple electronic cash management
Rich financial and customer level reporting
Robust integration with QuickBooks
Our Data Business Analysts manage the data transformation and import process for our new customers as they onboard to Payzerware from various software systems. They work closely with customers, sales, technology, and customer service to ensure that our new customers have a seamless transition to Payzerware.

As a Data Business Analyst, you will be responsible for analyzing and understanding a customer’s data in their current system, ensure that it is cleansed, validated, and loaded accurately into our database, and make sure that the user interface functions properly after the data is loaded. You will also identify and manage any customer data issues that occur as a result of the data-load process, and follow them to resolution.

This is not a sales position, nor does it involve cold calling. However, Payzer Business Data Analysts are required to communicate directly with customers over the phone and via email to ensure that new customers get off to a good start from a data perspective.

We’re looking for people who are:
Good humans with a positive attitude
Bright, inquisitive and good at getting things done
Tenacious problem solvers with lots of intellectual curiosity
Analytical with strong attention to detail
Great at listening to other people
Patient and persistent when helping others learn new things
Able to communicate clearly both orally and in writing
Genuine interest in financial services and payment technology
Possessed by a personal sense of urgency and a desire to be proactive
Ready to work hard, learn and grow in a fast-paced environment
Eager to be part of a great team on an exciting ride in the heart of South Charlotte
Strong customer focus and passionate about helping people solve problems
Honest, fun to be around and cool to work with while getting the job done
Requirements
Desire to communicate with and assist customers
Experience with creating, documenting, and maintaining processes
Tech savvy with strong analytical skills
Strong quantitative skills with high attention to detail
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously
Highly proficient in Excel
Bachelor’s degree with 3+ years in a business analyst role or equivalent
Past exposure to QuickBooks is a plus
Past exposure to JIRA is a plus
Benefits
The chance to be early at a fast-growing, fully-funded venture backed startup. You won’t be just another drone at Payzer. You can get in on the ground floor. Learn more at payzer.com
A professional work environment that’s non-corporate. We’re not big on meetings, have a casual dress code and work hard toward a common goal
On target total annual earnings of $42K to $75K depending on your experience and your performance
Medical insurance: Choice of 3 plans including a 100% employer paid plan
Dental, vision, short and long-term disability, and life insurance
401(k) plan
FSA and HSA Accounts
Paid time off
