Are you a financial expert with a track record of improving business through in-depth and accurate reporting?
Can you commit to an advisory position guiding business leaders to make critical financial decisions?
Do you desire a competitive salary with lucrative benefits and a focus on professional development?Our company:
Our Client, a national provider of scalable, fiber technology solutions serving Americas largest businesses and communications service providers, is in need of a highly experienced Financial Data Analyst. Full time Role.

Highlights:

As a Finance Analyst, you accelerate business by reviewing large quantities of financial data to provide high-quality reporting and analytical support. You focus on maximizing financial results throughout the organization by identifying risks and opportunities. You excel at preparing reports and analyses that can be understood by all levels of the organization. You have a passion for identifying opportunities that increase business and enhance the client experience while reducing costs. You flourish in an office environment providing consultation and interpretation of financial data to business partners across the organization. You report to the Senior Manager of Enterprise Reporting and Metrics for goals, guidance and assistance.

Position benefits:
Competitive Salary
Health, Vision and Dental Insurance
100% Company Match 401(k) up to 6%
Company Funded Retirement Accumulation Plan for an additional 3%
Education Assistance
Pretax Child Care Spending Account
Paid Holidays, Vacation Days, Personal Days and Sick Days
What you will do:
Successfully guide Product Management, Marketing, Sales and Finance leadership by evaluating various aspects of the business segment, including periodic sales results reporting, product specific analytical reporting and the results of these reports for trending implications.
Support teams across the organization by communicating trend variances.
Collaborate with the Business Intelligence team to deliver business requirements, report output formatting and test results of automated based reporting.
Improve efficiency by creating operational reports and tools used to derive pricing for quotes of government subsidized product sales while serving as a subject matter expert on these reports and tools.
Develop effective financial and operational performance reporting through collaboration with other functional groups to understand operational flows, product intricacies and systems architecture.
Meet scheduled milestones by assisting with the statement of work preparation and tracking progress.
Exceed financial objectives by reconciling capital invoices, communicating results on issue resolution and preparing and reviewing reports and other analyses.
Enable management to meet key performance indicators by preparing and analyzing financial and operational reporting ensuring data integrity, accuracy and validity.
Drive financial processes by coordinating operating expense variance analysis and reporting and creating an operating expense forecast.
Identify cost-saving opportunities and financial trends by understanding forecasting models and monthly review of financial statements.
Required keys for success:
Two or more years of financial analysis or related experience
Proven prioritization and organizational skills with the ability to work independently and within a team environment
History of handling multiple projects and analyzing and interpreting data to quickly identify business issues and resolutions
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook
Effective written and spoken English communication skills with all levels of an organizationHow you will stand out from the crowd:
Two or more years of relevant financial and data analysis experience
Flexible with the ability to embrace change as the business evolves
Advanced experience of Microsoft Access
History of working with SAS Enterprise Guide, SQL Server or other relational database software
Familiar with Salesforce
Knowledge of SAS, SQL and AlteryxYour education:
Bachelors Degree in a business-related field (required)
