RGP is a global consulting firm helping some of the most recognized companies in the world work differently. Our success comes from a shared belief in rolling up our sleeves and doing the hard work of solving complex challenges, executing plans and implementing technology to help transform organizations.

Working as a consultant you will be connected to work that matters, putting your expertise to its best use while developing skills for the future. The result is a career defined by you, supported by RGP and built on tangible accomplishments.

As we continue to grow and deepen our impact on organizations around the world, we are looking for the right people to join us on our mission. If you are interested in being part of our team, there are a few things you should know:
We are energized by challenges and the effort needed to solve them.
We like working with people who are positive, adaptable and growth-minded.
We care how work gets accomplished and are deeply invested in the success of our clients and our colleagues.
If this sounds like you, we invite you to read on and learn more.
THE RGP CONSULTING EXPERIENCE
RGP has a unique consulting model that provides opportunities for consultants to work in different ways. Most consultants work in a model where they have the flexibility and autonomy to choose projects aligning to their experience, skills and desired lifestyle. Other opportunities exist in team-based, strategy and solutions work. In all models, you will feel the full support of RGP to assist you in your work and guide you on your chosen path.
PURPOSE OF THE ROLE
As a Data Analyst, you will assist business leaders in making improved business decisions through the analysis of large data sets, creation of comprehensive reports and informed recommendations.

ATTRIBUTES OF CONSULTANTS WITH RGP
Respect for people and opinions and confidently offer your point-of-view with clients and among colleagues
A drive for proactively cultivating relationships with clients and colleagues
Optimism when faced with challenges and complex situations, coupled with the drive to solve client issues
Dedication to continuous improvement and development of your skillset and talents
A strong personal identification with RGPs values loyalty, integrity, focus, enthusiasm, accountability and talent
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ROLE
Analyze, manipulate, profile and extracts large data sets
Assist with documenting requirements
Build, review and modify data reports
Transfer knowledge to client team members to enable them to be self-sufficient in building and maintaining reports to address future needs
DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting, MIS or other related business discipline required
5 to 10 years of data analysis experience
Strong understanding of financial statements and the interrelationship of the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows, including account reconciliation and financial analysis skills
Excellent interpersonal communication skills
Capable of working independently; a self-starter
Experience with SAP or Oracle software required, including the ability to access reports and data as needed
Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills required, including strong data retrieval and downloading abilities, and proficiency with macros, PowerBI, PowerPivot, etc.
Technical capability in one or more of the following: SQL, Tableau, QlikView, Cognos, ERWin, etc. strongly preferred

Equal Opportunity Employer
RGP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or veteran status, and encourage all applicants to apply.
