Job Description


Job #: 1077216

This analyst will be on the team converting Peoplesoft data to Workday. They need to have a deep history in HR data and high level understanding of the Informatica tools (Informatica Analyst & DVO).
BSC Job Description
Resource will work with business and data conversion team to collect and define data conversion mapping requirements for each Workday prototype build.
Resource will act as a point person for data issues identified as part of the Data Conversion load process. Resource will coordinate resolutions and timing with respective functional product teams.
Resource will validate the migration of data into the Workday tenant using Informatica Analyst tool, DVO tool and ensure migration is aligned with requirements.
Resource will work to enable the Infomatica Analyst tool to the broader audience of the product team and raise their awareness of new tools available to them, include data profiling, scorecards and reference table management for transformation related activities.
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
