Posting Title Business Intelligence Consultant
Job Requisition Number AE502175
Position Number 109503
Job Type Full-Time
Division Name Occupational Health & Safety
Minimum Qualifications

Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four (4) year college or university with major coursework in a related field, plus five (5) years of relevant experience in consultation and the utilization of BI tools.

Graduation with a Master’s degree from an accredited college or university may substitute for up to two (2) years of the required experience.





Notes to Applicants
The Business Intelligence Consultant (BIC) will serve as primary data analyst and database support lead for Environmental Health and Safety Services. The BIC will be the lead support person and administrator of a cloud-based safety and health incident management system serving all of Austin Energy. In this role, the BIC will manage contracts with third parties for these cloud services, serve as in-house administrator and primary technical expert in managing user access and workflows, and provide Austin Energy users with, analytics statistics and intelligence in support of health and safety goals. The BIC may also support other applications used in Environmental Health and Safety.
APPLICATION:
The City of Austin employment application is an official document; incomplete applications will not be considered. Please be sure that your application is a reflection of your entire work history. A detailed and complete employment application is required to help us better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Describe your specific experience for each position. Include all job duties, responsibilities, and employment dates. Any gaps in employment must have an explanation and dates of unemployment. Please be sure that your application is a reflection of your entire work history.
Resumes will not be accepted. Statements such as “see resume” will not be accepted. You may use “N/A” for fields that are not applicable. Starting salary will be based on overall relevant experience from your employment application. Supplemental information or changes to your application will not be accepted after the job posting closes.
The responses to the supplemental questions should reference the employment history listed in the employment history section. Once the requisition has closed, the application cannot be changed to update work history, supplemental questions, or any other information.
We reserve the right to verify high school and college education for the top candidate(s).
If you have any questions regarding your City of Austin employment application, please use the official website of the City of Austin as reference. www.austintexas.gov
VETERAN INTERVIEW PREFERENCE:
Military/Veterans must provide a copy of their DD214 verifying honorable discharge, at the time of initial interview to receive military/veteran interview preference.
FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT:
This position is classified as EXEMPT.
Travel:
If you are selected for this position, and meet the Driver Safety Standards in the City of Austin Driver Safety Program, you may drive when necessary to multiple locations as part of your regular job duties. Otherwise, you are responsible for getting to and from these locations.
Pay Range
Commensurate
Hours
Monday through Friday
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Job Close Date 07/22/2020
Type of Posting External
Department Austin Energy
Regular/Temporary Regular
Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable
Category Professional
Location 811 Barton Springs Rd., Austin, TX 78704
Preferred Qualifications
Previous experience managing databases and workflow applications with user interfaces, including account management and troubleshooting
Previous experience providing user support and training to large organizations
Previous experience analyzing data, identifying trends, and delivering business intelligence
Previous experience creating analytics visualizations and reports, such as dashboards and other interactive formats
Expertise with database structures, data migration and using MS access
Previous experience eliciting customer requirements and implementing enhancements of workflows and layouts in technology applications
Previous experience in the environmental health and safety (EH&S) field or supporting EH&S programs
Ability to travel to multiple work locations
Duties, Functions and Responsibilities
Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned.

Analyzes business and functional requirements and translates these requirements into robust, scalable, and operable solutions.

Collects, analyzes, and shares data to help business teams drive improvement in key business metrics, customer experience, and business results.

Utilizes database and web application technologies to design, develop, and evaluate innovative business intelligence tools and automated reports.

Designs, develops, and tests BI solutions such as databases, data warehouses, queries and views, reports, and dashboards.

Performs conversions, imports, and exports of data within and between internal and external software systems.

Merges BI platforms with enterprise systems and applications and documents new and existing models, solutions, and implementations.

Enhances the performance of BI tools by defining data to filter and indexes.

Troubleshoots BI tools, systems, and software. Troubleshoots reported data loads or reconciliation inconsistencies in conjunction with the sites for data models and/or reports.

Tracks, monitors, and analyzes performance and production issues, and implements improvements.

Supports and helps manage external resources, such as service providers and vendor support and participates in vendor evaluations.

Maintains the quality of Metadata Repository by adding, modifying, and deleting data.

Provides input to the development of data/information quality metrics.

Tracks and reports on issues and enhancement requests for the business in a timely manner.

Analyzes and tests new releases/versions of software.

Designs and delivers end-user training and training materials. Trains users to transform data into action-oriented information and to use that information correctly.


Responsibilities- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised:
May provide leadership, work assignments, evaluation, training, and guidance to others.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities, and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed.

Knowledge of reporting analysis, design, and programming principles as well as knowledge of multiple industry standard reporting tools such as Crystal and Business Objects.

Knowledge of industry standard database systems such as MS, SQL, and Oracle.

Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) concepts.

Knowledge of release, change, configuration, and incident management.

Knowledge of industry reporting techniques and developing and maintaining interactive reports.

Knowledge of relational data modeling and relational database design.

Knowledge of standard industry ERP technologies such as SAP.

Knowledge of business operations as well as one or more business functional areas.

Skill in data analysis and data mining.

Skill in identifying and solving system and application problems.

Skill in coordinating work projects and providing technical assistance.

Skill in preparing data structures, flowcharts, and logic flow diagrams.

Skill in applying migration procedures.

Skill in analyzing and meeting the data processing needs of users.

Skill in working with people of varying technical abilities in a team environment.

Skill in training groups on reporting standards.

Skill in analyzing major system reporting problems and applying appropriate solutions.

Skill in actively participating in functional unit testing, integration testing, stress testing, systems testing, and user acceptance testing.

Ability to learn City specific and industry standard reporting tool sets.

Ability to explain complex technical information in business terms and communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing.

Ability to support and work with Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing environments.

Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with City staff and the general public.

Criminal Background Investigation This position does not require a Criminal Background Investigation
EEO/ADA
City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445.
