* Per client's request, no corp-to-corp and no sponsorship available **TEKsystems is actively searching for a Data Governance Analyst with extensive experience for one of our Fortune 500 clients. This position is to sit on-site in Charlotte, NC five days/week, once it safe to do so. The top skills are as follows:
A demonstrated understanding of meta-data concepts including technical/business content and data lineage
A demonstrated understanding of data quality concepts including familiarity with data quality dimensions
Excel- this is a must, there is a ton of data being held in Excel and candidates need to know how to manipulate it
Strong interpersonal and Communication skills
Must be willing to work on a W2 basis and no sponsorship is offered. Unfortunately, third party vendors will not be accepted for this role. An in-person interview is required for the role so local Charlotte, NC candidates are highly preferred.

Please apply directly to the posting for more information. Candidates that match the requirements above will then be contacted for submittal.

About TEKsystems:

We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.

Job Requirements:
