Tax Management Associates (TMA) is seeking to hire qualified candidates for our Homestead Exemption Audit Program in Charlotte, NC. Homestead Exemption Audit work involves reviewing homestead applications within a state to ensure that the state provides an exemption for only those taxpayers who qualify. This program requires a high level of professionalism as the Data Analysts will be working with sensitive information. The individuals chosen for the position will be subject to bi-annual background checks, drug screening, and will work in a secure environment. Limited access to personal items while working, such as mobile phones will be part of this secure environment.

TMA Data Analysts are required to perform a broad range of responsibilities including working as call center agents, tracking account activity, database updates, and various project-related tasks. TMA Data Analyst team members are integral to an expanding service line, with great opportunities for growth in an active work environment.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Updating and maintaining databases, including account research and notation.
Making calls to gather research on accounts and taking calls to explain specific statues and other account information to the public.
Other responsibilities include, but are not limited to, organizing a structured filing system, and following processes and procedures for specific tasks.Job Requirements:
Must have a minimum of a High School degree. College degree preferred.
Must be able to pass a thorough background check and drug screening upon hire and periodically throughout their tenure as a Data Analyst.
Must be an active team member who enjoy working with others and interacting with the general public.
Have a strong organizational skills, a strong attention to detail, critical thinking skills, verbal communication skills, and a working knowledge of Excel and Windows Office.
Contact center, government, military, tax office, or law enforcement experience will be highly valued.
About us:

Tax Management Associates is a national property tax consulting and audit firm. TMA works exclusively with state and local government clients to provide services related to this area of taxation and tax administration. In business for over thirty years, TMA's growth has created opportunities across the country. TMA sales professionals create and maintain client relationships all over the United States and assist in the development and delivery of all of TMA's products and services.

We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package, intensive training, career opportunities, and an environment that fosters work-life balance, including:
Ten paid holidays per year
Generous Paid Time Off Policy (18 days/year to start)
401(k) with Discretionary Company Match
Medical company pay 65% of premium for employee + family
Dental company pay 65% of premium for employee + family (includes orthodontia)
Vision insurance
Flexible Spending Account (FSA) for medical and dependent care expenses
Group term life insurance company pays 100%
Voluntary life insurance (for employee, spouse and children)
Long-term disability insurance company pays 100%
Short-term disability insurance
Pre-paid Legal plan
Identity theft protection and credit monitoring plan
Supplemental insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program
Tax Management Associates (TMA) is a proud supporter of our U.S. military, veterans and their families. We are members of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR) and the Wounded Warriors Project's Warriors To Work program. We will continue to seek qualified active duty, transitioning military and veteran candidates for our open positions. If you are a veteran, we strongly encourage you to apply. We thank you for your service to our country!

Tax Management Associates (TMA) is an equal opportunity employer committed to an inclusive workplace and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Consistent with its obligations under federal law, each company that is a federal contractor or subcontractor is committed to taking affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified women, minorities, disabled individuals and veterans.
