Job Requisition ID #
20WD41504

Position Overview

We’re looking for a talented Data Visualization Analyst to join our Analytics team. This role will serve as a subject matter expert (SME) in Visualization and Business Intelligence development. Focus on this role will be on Data Visualization, Dashboarding & Storytelling, including the development of visual representations of data combining industry-proven best practices with ingenuity to produce compelling data stories that will help our business make rapid data-driven decisions. You will help to reveal a deeper understanding of our performance and opportunities across Autodesk Construction Services (ACS) groups including Product, Sales, Marketing, and Customer Support.

You’ll get to solve highly analytical problems that have a direct and considerable impact on Autodesk Construction Services. You will develop an end-to-end understanding of Data & Analytics, from ETL to Dashboarding to Predictive Modeling. Very few analyst roles have this amount of breadth. The role is highly cross-functional, which means you get to work with Product, Sales, Customer Success, Marketing. You’ll get a deep insight into all of our efforts as we seek to shape the future of the construction industry. Your work will help us design better products, improve user experience, and inform overall business strategy. We use modern data-stack that will allow you to move quickly and learn relevant industry technologies

Responsibilities
Create easy-to-consume dashboards of key metrics; monitor and share insights at a frequent cadence
Visualize data to communicate the performance and impact of various product changes
Design, build and automate reports that provide actionable insight on key metrics
Develop insightful and interactive business intelligence reports (KPIs, operating metrics, business metrics, ad-hoc queries), dashboards, and scorecards in regular cadence
Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure the creation and delivery of the new/enhanced reports/dashboards
Minimum Qualifications
Advanced data visualization skills, show the ability to tell stories and make dashboards actionable
2+ years of relevant experience
Hands-on experience with a cloud-based data-warehousing system (Snowflake)
Strong SQL skills
Strong experience in major BI tools (ie, Looker, Tableau)
Great communication skills with analysts and non-analysts alike
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Preferred Qualifications
BS/MS in Business, Economics, Engineering, Math, Statistics, or equivalent experience
Ability to problem-solve and understand key drivers of the business
Experience in Python/R
Predictive modeling experience
About Autodesk Construction Solutions
Autodesk has fully reimagined the construction business for the digital age, enabling companies to address the most important challenges they face today while preparing for new ways of working in the future. The Autodesk Construction Solutions (ACS) portfolio connects the office, trailer and field so customers can move seamlessly through each phase of a building’s lifecycle - from design and preconstruction to construction, turnover and operations - with best-in-class solutions that include Assemble Systems, BIM 360, BuildingConnected and PlanGrid. General contractors, subcontractors, and owners around the world rely on ACS to win more work, enhance collaboration, speed decision-making, reduce risk, and improve overall project outcomes.

#ACSCareers

#LI-POST

At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world. Autodesk is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic. We also consider for employment all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Are you an existing contractor or consultant with Autodesk? Please search for open jobs and apply internally (not on this external site). If you have any questions or require support, contact Autodesk Careers.
