WHO WE ARE

NCSOFT is a premiere digital entertainment company and global publisher with worldwide locations and more than 4,000 employees focused on bringing extraordinary games to life for millions of fans around the world. Established in 1997 and headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, we quickly became a key leader in online games. Best known for critically acclaimed franchises including Lineage, Aion, Guild Wars, and Blade & Soul, NCSOFT is also one of the world's top mobile developers with Lineage 2M occupying the #1 grossing revenue slot on Google Play. Our core goal is making people in this world happier by delivering games that entertain a globally connected audience has remained the same. Our culture is innovative, creative, collaborative and impactful, and we are passionate about creating the best gaming experiences for our players.

WHY JOIN THE ANALYTICS TEAM?
You have a burning curiosity. Being a successful data analyst or data scientist is all about having a question and going digging for the answer. A good analyst has an innate need to explore and understand the world around them.
You're fascinated by all the different ways people play games. Millions of people play our games in all sorts of different ways, and they all need to be able to have fun. Our job is understanding all those different playstyles so we can make the game work for everyone.
You want to be our players' champion. Once we understand what's going on in the data, the next step is using that knowledge to make the game better for our players. We want analysts who can be passionate advocates for the data and the player experience it represents.
WHAT YOU'LL DO

As a Data Analyst you will work across multiple released and unreleased titles collecting data, generating reports, and analyzing player behavior.
Analyze game systems, economies, and player behavior to drive game development and business practices that maximize player enjoyment and profitability
Understand, analyze, and predict trends in player data.
Collect and help to elaborate on data reporting requirements, primarily from game design, customer service, and business departments.
Generate reports from accumulated data using SQL, Excel, R, Python and Tableau, as well as defining automated procedures related to data collection.
Communicate findings, actionable recommendations, and data limitations to stakeholders to facilitate data-driven decisions.
Formulate process improvement suggestions through ad hoc analyses and data mining.
Take ownership of data integrity to ensure that the data are correctly supporting the analyses and recommendations being proposed.
Develop new insights and analyses that inform decisions and help us continue to improve gameplay
Analyze game-specific data and pro-actively make recommendations to Product Managers, Game Producers, Game Designers and UX Designers
Devise and run game-specific A/B tests to directly and indirectly drive KPI improvements
Work collaboratively with the Business Intelligence team to share best practices, problem solve and deliver large projects on time.
WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field, or equivalent experience with data analytics
Experience using SQL to query for and to aggregate data
Understanding of game design and in-game economies
Strong communications skills and ability to work on a team
Ability to change directions quickly based on business, project, and team needs
Ability to effectively communicate complex findings and ideas simply
Drive quality improvements of team's code through reviews and feedback
Experience using descriptive and inferential statistics to analyze and present findings
Experience using visualization techniques for presenting data and analysis
Experience working with business teams to identify and define problems
PLUSES
Previous mobile game analytics experience
Experience with big data software like Hadoop
Experience with other Business Intelligence backend and analytics applications
This is a full time, on-site position at our studio in San Mateo, CA. A casual, friendly work environment, comprehensive benefits package, a competitive salary, and more are all part of what makes NCSOFT West a great place to work.
