Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Interface with engineers, product managers & product analysts to understand data needs and help build visualization in our internal Snowflake data warehouse
Support the set-up of roles, schemas, & data pipelines while adhering to security policies and overcoming security restrictions.
Storytelling - Translate data and analysis into a story to help drive decisions across the organization
Build & maintain Executive Dashboards reporting on key metrics for IT and other business units.
Generate organizational health Executive dashboards
Foster collaboration among engineering, security compliance, IT & other business groups to ensure data is secure and audit-able.
Train distributed team members in data visualization.WHAT YOU WILL NEED:
5+ years of experience in Data warehousing, data modeling, and SQL .
2+ years of experience in MPP or Cloud data warehouse solutions like Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery or Teradata
4+ years of experience building visualizations using tools like Looker, Tableau, etc.
Strong communication and cross functional collaboration skillsPREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
B.S or MS in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
2+ years experience in working with data pipelines in Python/Java & SQL
Experience in ETL tools is nice to have.
Snowflake is growing fast, and we're scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.
How do you want to make your impact?

Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
