Software powers the world, and LaunchDarkly empowers all teams to deliver and control the best software. We serve hundreds of billions of feature flags daily, to help teams ship better software, faster and eliminate risk for companies big and small.

We're based in downtown Oakland and growing quickly. You'll help us tackle some of the most challenging engineering problems around, like how can we deliver feature flags to hundreds of millions of users in milliseconds without breaking the bank.

About the role:
We are looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team at LaunchDarkly. We are growing rapidly, and need reliable and efficient answers for questions that are key to our future. You'll help develop the data, process and insights to power our next stage of growth.

We are searching for a talented Analyst to help us understand business critical data and leverage it across the entire organization. If you are data curious, excited about digging deeply into business data, and motivated by having an impact on the whole company, we want to hear from you.
Responsibilities:
Help create a data practice for the entire company.
Help ensure a data pipeline that is trustworthy and reliable.
Work with stakeholders around the business to understand their needs.
Help stakeholders ask good questions and get valuable insights.
Help answer the business' most pressing questions in repeatable, reliable ways.
Build tools and teach people how to find answers to their own questions
Qualifications:
2 or more years of experience in a hands-on Data Analytics role
Experience conducting data intensive analysis.
A visceral need to dive into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues.
Product- and market-awareness to jump in and quickly understand LaunchDarkly's position and goals.
Expertise in SQL and proficiency in another data programming language (Python, R, etc.).
You may also know (bonus skills):
Experience in both enterprise and consumer environments.
LaunchDarkly is a Feature Management Platform that serves hundreds of billions of feature flags daily to help software teams build better software, faster. Feature flagging is an industry standard methodology of wrapping a new or risky section of code or infrastructure change with a flag. Each flag can easily be turned off independent of code deployment (aka "dark launching"). LaunchDarkly has SDKs for all major web and mobile platforms. We are building a diverse team so that we can offer robust products and services. Our team culture is dynamic, friendly, and supportive. Our headquarters are in Oakland.

At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

LaunchDarkly offers:
Full Medical, Dental & Vision insurance
Unlimited vacation
Flexible schedule & work environment
Conference & meetups as an opportunity for everyone
A yearly education stipend for conferences and classes on your own
A budget to personalize your work station
