We are an ambitious, well-funded, high-growth global technology company transforming the hotel industry. At Duetto, we are passionate about creating innovative solutions to help hoteliers thrive. Although we work hard and operate at "Duetto speed," the work atmosphere is casual, flexible, collaborative, and most of all, fun.

We are seeking a unicorn to join our industry leading technology team co-founded by the former CTO of salesforce.com. Our technology stack includes Java server technologies, NoSql, Github, single­ page JavaScript web techniques, and patent­-pending analytical methods on top of MongoDB and AWS.

As a Data Analyst in the Analytics team, you will collaborate closely with engineers, data scientists and product managers to build the next generation data models, algorithms and insights that help customers (hotels, resorts, casinos, etc.) to maximize their revenue. You are the domain expert and bring to the table your industry experience, analytical skills, and deep knowledge of the relevant data to solve optimization problems such as demand forecasting and dynamic pricing.

Desired Skills & Expertise
Expert in core revenue management concepts such as demand forecasting, yield management, pricing, channel optimization, etc, ideally from the hospitality or airline industry.
Experience in utilizing a wide array of datasets to construct models for demand room, revenue forecasting and optimization, possibly including working with constrained inventory models such as hotel rooms, airline seats, or ad tech.
Experience using SQL and statistical computer languages such as R or Python to manipulate data and draw insights from large and complex datasets.
Experience in using data visualization tools such as Tableau for large datasets.
Knowledge of statistical techniques and concepts such as time-series data especially related to hospitality or other "exploding inventory".
Nice to have knowledge of machine learning techniques or experience with machine learning pipelines such as Amazon SageMaker or Azure ML.
An obsession in solving customer problems in revenue management using big data and technology.
About Duetto:

We are a team of passionate hospitality and technology professionals delivering a modern platform to hoteliers in over 60 countries. Our solutions address the biggest problems faced by the hospitality industry by simplifying distribution complexity and optimizing profitability with unique and powerful applications that increase conversion, guest loyalty, operational efficiency and revenue. Our goal is to become the most trusted, effective and widely used hotel technology company in the world. Founded in 2012, Duetto is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Las Vegas, London, Singapore and Buenos Aires. Duetto is backed by leading investors: Warburg Pincus, Accel Partners, Icon Ventures, and Battery Ventures. If you want to be a part of a fast-growing company, working with amazing people tackling big challenges in a massive industry, then Duetto is looking for you.
