About Spin

Spin operates electric scooters in cities and campuses nationwide, bringing sustainable last-mile mobility solutions to diverse communities. Recognized for its consistent cooperation and collaboration with cities, Spin partners closely with transportation planners, elected officials, community groups, and university administrators to bring stationless mobility options to streets in a responsible and carefully orchestrated manner.

Based in San Francisco, Spin is a diverse team of engineers, designers, urban planners, policymakers, lawyers and operators with experience from Y Combinator, Lyft, Uber, local and federal government, and the transportation advocacy world. Spin was known for launching the first stationless mobility program in Seattle, and has since expanded to become the exclusive electric scooter partner in mid-sized cities like Coral Gables, Florida and Lexington, Kentucky, and one of a few permitted scooter operators in large cities like Denver, Detroit, and Washington, D.C. The team embeds in cities and neighborhoods to understand their specific transportation needs, and hires locally from the community.

Spin is expanding quickly and looking for top-tier talent to help us bring affordable and accessible transportation options to cities and define what future safe streets will look like.

About the Role:
We are looking for data analysts to work across the organization to generate the data and analysis required to answer some of our toughest questions to help us innovate and grow. You will be solving business problems, identifying data quality issues and performing statistical analysis. You will be working closely with the engineering team to gather new data.

Responsibilities
Set business metrics that measure the health of our business and product
Collaborate with product, engineering, finance, business and operations teams to translate business insights into decisions and actions
Find opportunities for growth and efficiency
Design and analyze experiments
Develop dashboards and frameworks to monitor business and product performance

Qualifications
Degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, engineering, or applied math preferred
Minimum of 3 years of relevant experience in data science or analytics role
Proficient in SQL
Experience in R or Python and data science and visualization libraries
Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business

Benefits & Perks
Opportunity to join a fast-growing startup and help shape and establish the company's industry leadership
Competitive health benefits
Daily catered lunch in our SF office
Unlimited PTO for salaried roles
Commuter stipend plus pre-tax benefits
Monthly cell phone bill stipend
Wellness perk for salaried roles
Spin is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment in an unlawful matter. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all individuals. Spin treats all employees and job applicants on the basis of merit, qualifications, and competence without regard to any qualified individuals' sex, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender (including pregnancy, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristic or information, marital status, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. Spin also considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable local, state, and federal law.

Spin is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in its job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at job_accommodations@spin.pm.
