Location: San Francisco, CA


Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world.

There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role.

Read more about our values and culture here.

As a Operations Data Analyst, you'll be the analytical point on the team to help support various operational initiatives by transforming support data into valuable business insights and help shape our projects to deliver maximum impact. You will have the opportunity to heavily influence strategy, planning, and execution.

What you'll be doing (ie. job duties):
Work closely with the Customer Experience (CX) Operations team to operate more effectively, create and track metrics across our operations, and share informative actionable insights
Partner with CX Leadership and cross-functional partners to find opportunities to increase operational trackability, efficiency, and scale our business effectively
Leverage metrics to drive insights and influence business decisions
Develop a strong prioritization framework to ensure team is focused on highest-value initiatives
Ability to frame and break down complex business problems into key components and recommend practical solutions
Monitor key performance metrics and use results to help the team be more effective in carrying out their mission of providing high-quality support
Build a collaborative team environment that fosters efficient execution, innovation, and continuous improvement
Develop and support the analytical technologies that give our team timely, flexible, and structured access to their data
What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):
Motivated by Coinbase's mission and creating a seamless support experience for our global customer base.
Minimum 5 years of experience in an analyst function (e.g. operations, finance, business analytics, etc.)
Expert-level Excel user (Vlookups, pivots, macros, etc.), strong SQL, Looker experience a plus
Experience working in customer support operations; experience working in (or doing analysis for) Support departments a plus
Fantastic communication skills in order to operate across multiple departments and stakeholders.
Flexible and adaptable to meeting the evolving needs of a high-growth and fast paced organization.
Must be able to read, write and speak in English.
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws.

Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants

Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required.
