Job Title

Data and Reporting Analyst

State, City, Zipcode

San Francisco, CA 94104

Job Type

Full-time

Date Posted

7/7/2020

Job Description

Summary:

The Data and Reporting Analyst has primary responsibility for (1) collecting business requirements for data management and reporting needs, (2) designing, enhancing, and maintaining data processes, reports, and related components, (3) participating in the procurement and configuration of third party software solutions, (4) communicating with business users to understand issues that arise and presenting appropriate solutions, and (5) assisting business users to use and become comfortable with reporting and business intelligence tools.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Effectively consult with internal customers to understand data and reporting requirements; ensure high quality completion of all deliverables within established timeframes.
Prepare accurate and complete documentation of user requirements and new processes/procedures required for new or enhanced solutions.
Effectively operate in a mixed support/development role; balance the Information Technology department’s mission of delivering operational excellence to our customers with an ongoing need to progress development work forward.
Monitor use, troubleshoot problems, and deploy updates for production solutions.
Develop, enhance, and maintain custom reports for the Yardi Voyager platform and the internal reporting/analytics platform.
Establish and maintain new and existing users with appropriate security access to ensure integrity and protection of systems.
Promptly respond to routine and non-routine questions from end-users regarding data and reporting systems; follow through to ensure resolution. Escalate more complex issues to appropriate staff.
Provide 2nd and 3rd level support to Enterprise Help Desk team. Propose solutions to ill-defined issues with a high degree of independence and drive issues to resolution.
Develop or assist in developing RFPs. Analyze or assist in analyzing RFP responses.
May monitor and coordinate the work of external software consultants.
Ensure high technical standards are met throughout Shorenstein’s software development lifecycle process, including compliance with applicable procedures.
Maintain current knowledge of IT issues and trends; use and share information as appropriate.
Effectively work with internal customers to understand their business intelligence needs and the training and assistance needed for successful adoption of BI tools.
Provide excellent customer service to both external and internal customers by:
Building positive relationships with customers.
Taking initiative to identify customer needs and provide service that meets or exceeds customer expectations.
Communicating effectively in person as well as via telephone and email.
Resolving difficult situations through the use of effective problem-solving skills.
Non-Essential Duties & Responsibilities: None

Location/Position Specific Responsibilities: None

Supervisory Responsibilities: None

Job Requirements

Essential Skills & Qualifications:
Working knowledge of querying relational databases with SQL as evidenced by 5 years of experience.
Proficiency in designing and administering relational database management objects (preferably Microsoft SQL Server 2016 or later).
Working knowledge of the use of multidimensional databases.
Working knowledge of one or more ETL tools (e.g. SQL Server Integration Services, Informatica, MuleSoft).
Strong working knowledge of one or more columnar database technologies (e.g. VertiPaq, Vertica, Cassandra) as evidenced by the ability to articulate columnar architecture and appropriate storage engine versus formula engine usage.
Base competency with DAX, M, or other business intelligence query languages.
Proficiency with one or more enterprise reporting solutions (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, SQL Server Reporting Services).
Working knowledge in the use of Microsoft SharePoint 365, ability to create objects such as related lists, and define managed metadata.
General knowledge of integrated source control fundamentals, practical experience using Azure DevOps, Git, SVN, or other source control solution.
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Excel functions and data-related capabilities.
Ability to work with employees from various functional areas and understand their user needs.
Demonstrates sound and accurate judgment.
Ability to effectively respond to changing and sometimes ambiguous situations.
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects, tasks, and priorities to conclusion.
Demonstrated ability to identify and raise issues and propose oral and written solutions.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret moderately complex journals, reports and documents.
Ability to effectively respond to user inquiries or complaints.
Ability to present technical information orally and in writing to a non-technical audience.
Ability to write routine and non-routine reports and correspondence.
Demonstrated ability to effectively problem-solve.
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
Ability to choose among alternatives when completing work. Work is periodically reviewed by management at key intervals for advice/guidance prior to completion.
Non-Essential Skills & Qualifications:
Broad knowledge of financial principles, practices, and procedures including 3-5+ years' hands on experience in areas of financial budgeting/forecasting models, collection and aggregation of budget/forecast data, evaluation of budget/forecast results, reporting and presentation of annual budgets and forecasts preferred.
Intermediate proficiency with a financial planning and/or complex accounting software preferred.
Working knowledge of commercial real estate investment concepts (e.g. NOI, recoverable expenses, capital expenditures, leverage) highly desirable.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor’s degree (B.S.) in Computer Science, Accounting, Finance or a related field from a four-year college or university.
Minimum 4-7 years of experience working as a technical analyst, developer, or equivalent functional capacity.
Minimum 5 years of experience in a business-facing support role.
Familiarity with commercial real estate company operations or private fund management highly desirable.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: None

Physical Demands:
The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. Physical demands include extended periods of sitting and computer use.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Working Environment:
Work environment characteristics are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job.
The employee works primarily in a large office building. Infrequent travel.
