Research Data Analyst III

19-Jun-2020

Job Code and Payroll Title
6257 Research Data Analyst III

Job Summary
JOB OVERVIEW
The Research Data Analyst performs quality checks on cancer registry data and conducts data analysis in support of cancer research studies, maintains large research databases, responds to requests for confidential cancer data and cancer statistics, communicates cancer information and statistics in written and online publications of varying formats. Works independently and as part of the Surveillance Research team. Conducts analyses, interprets results, prepares data for dissemination via peer-reviewed journals, scientific and community meetings, and co-authors scientific manuscripts.

The Research Data Analyst uses skills as a seasoned, experienced research professional with a full understanding of statistical analyses, research software programming techniques, and application of epidemiologic principles. Provides research support to internal and external investigators/faculty in cancer surveillance projects and publications. Contributes to development of grant proposals. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions.

DEPARTMENT OF EPIDEMIOLOGY AND BIOSTATISTICS
The Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics (DEB), housed within the UCSF School of Medicine (SOM), has a vision to advance discoveries and insights into the distribution, determinants and outcomes of disease that will drive improvements in population health worldwide.

The DEB has three missions: 1) education, 2) science, and 3) research. Its educational mission is to train students in epidemiologic and biostatistical methods for studying disease etiology and prevention, evaluating tests and treatments, and using evidence-based approaches in clinical practice and population health. The scientific mission of the DEB is to perform outstanding basic, clinical and population health research along a spectrum from molecules to society and to develop tools for the translation of knowledge that will improve clinical practice and population health and ensure optimal use of resources. The clinical mission of the Department is to support the practice of public health and preventive medicine in local, state, national and international health agencies.

ABOUT UCSF
The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.

Organization
Campus

Req Number
55429BR

Location
Mission Hall - Mission Bay

Job Title
Research Data Analyst

Appointment Type
Career

Percentage
100%

Shift Length
8 Hours

Shift
Days

Work Days
Monday - Friday, 8:30 am - 5:30 pm (flexible)

Required Qualifications
• Bachelor's degree in related area and three+ years of related experience, or equivalent combination of experience/training
• Knowledge of following software/applications: Link Plus, SQL
• Thorough knowledge of research function
• Thorough skills in statistical analysis, systems programming, database design and data security measures
• Thorough skills in analysis and consultation
• Outstanding computer skills and working knowledge of statistical software packages including SAS. Experience with merging files, creating variables, data manipulation, basic macros, and basic reporting
• Understands and can interpret issues surrounding confidentiality from the policies and procedures of the regional cancer registry and the state
• Skills to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner both verbally and in writing
• Ability to work independently and work well with others
• Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and able to work systematically

Preferred Qualifications
• Master’s degree in epidemiology or related field
• Knowledge of the following software/applications: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

License/Certification
n/a

Position Type
Full Time

Department Name
Epidemiology and Biostatistics

Equal Employment Opportunity
The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.
