To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
Business Architect

The mission of Salesforce Services is to accelerate our customer’s success through business transformation. Our most strategic customers call us “think partners” because we help them become more agile and differentiated in the marketplace. We leverage CRM, collaboration, mobile and platform technologies to connect employees, customers and business partners together. We push the boundaries of technology and “make the market” by creating proof points for new products and capabilities.

Within Salesforce Services, the Business Architect (BA) help transform our most strategic customers by helping Business & IT understand what is possible and desirable, and how to get there, using all the power of our solutions to enhance and realize their strategy. BTAs are customer-directed specialists solely focused on driving customer success through large scale programs, change management, innovation, roadmap, usage, adoption and value. BTAs are dedicated to one customer at a time. This is a great opportunity to join the leader in cloud computing in one of Salesforce’s fastest growing businesses.

Responsibilities
Matrix-lead one of Salesforce’s most strategic customers as part of a blended team with other Salesforce resources (Account Executives, Customer Success, Services, Industry) and 3rd party system integrators.
Co-create a personalized plan that aligns corporate goals, what is possible, key business measures / KPIs, and a practical implementation path.
Improve the certainty of delivering large scale change by aligning sponsor goals, key customer and Salesforce stakeholders, and delivery resources into a program with consistent and transparent processes.
Improve the certainty of absorbing large scale transformational change by building communications, education, and continuous feedback loops that engage everyone from end users to senior leaders.
Enable delivery with speed, agility and stability by implementing a decision making framework that balances regional and global attributes, frequency of change, quality of data and risk mitigation.
Accelerate productivity and buy-in through a series of activities that help end-users uncover and articulate barriers, and co-design potential solutions to their needs.
Identify “moments of truth” by visualizing the information stored within Salesforce and other systems via our full suite of analytics capabilities.
Maximize speed to market by clearly understanding Salesforce’s product roadmap, industry reference architectures, AppExchange offerings and agile development.
Personalize best practices to customers including, but not limited to, roadmap, agile development, change management, enterprise collaboration, operational support, and alignment to business strategy. Increase user productivity, reduce TCO and accelerate Salesforce investment payback, by formulating a plan to reduce the number of disparate applications end users access to do their jobs.
Accelerate delivery and reduce project costs by executing a strategy to identify, recruit, on-board, train and retain top talent skilled in Salesforce.
Improve adoption and value by working with senior executives to understand the vital information they need to do their jobs, and the tasks that can be easily simplified via Salesforce’s declarative solutions.
Provide timely account or issue executive summary status reporting both to customers and management.
Advocate customers' product feature priorities internally within Salesforce.
Contribute internally to the Salesforce team, share knowledge and best practices with team members, contribute to internal projects and initiatives, and serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for specific domain or process area.

Required Skills:
Most successful candidates have extensive experience in Big 4 consulting environments or within industry as CIOs/SVPs/Directors and have earned MBAs.
Travel regularly (average of 50%), but may be higher or lower based upon client assignment.

Innovation
Inquisitive mind, endless curiosity and passion for learning about customers, industries and new approaches to doing things
How end users perform their jobs
Industry challenges and solutions
The full suite of Salesforce’s continuously evolving clouds
AppExchange / 3rd party niche solutions to meet customer needs
Innovations and best practices for delivering cloud solutions
Ability to translate vision and business issues into actionable roadmap and solutions

Leadership
Strong self-starter with the ability to build a network within Salesforce and your assigned customer
Effectively build, develop, and manage relationships with internal and customer senior executives, setting expectations on their role as stakeholders vested in success.
Proven effectiveness at leading and facilitating meetings and workshops

Technology Delivery
Matrix leadership: Motivate, inspire, and coordinate a blended team of Salesforce, Customer, ISV and System Integrators to solve customer challenges.
Ability to manage customer escalations (internally and externally) and negotiate resolution
Thrive in the unknown: creatively solve problems with limited input and resources in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.
Flawlessly execute consulting management activities, with high attention to detail, organization and process.
Genuine passion, interest, willingness and ability to adjust to continuously changing priorities and needs
Capability as credible and effective C-level advisor/coach, especially with regards to change management (cultural, business and technical)
Executive-level communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively navigate and mediate conflict and foster honest dialog
Proven experience establishing and running large-scale program management offices
Familiarity with implementing and supporting enterprise solutions (CRM, ERP, etc.)
Excellent understanding of software delivery processes and methodologies (i.e. waterfall, agile, hybrid)
Collaborate with customers and system integrators to map out current state user workflows and functional architectures, evangelize the benefits of cloud-based technologies, and personalize the future state end user workflow.
Deep Salesforce product knowledge and/or demonstrates the ability to quickly learn
Knowledge of process automation, user experience and workflow is a plus.
Consultative approach, including the ability to translate customer needs into user stories and prototypes.

Influence
Demonstrated ability to communicate, present and influence credibly and effectively at all levels of a customer’s technology organization: COO/CIO to business manager to administrator
Excellent situational awareness - must be comfortable in dynamic customer environments and enthusiastically present our company.
Highly developed soft skills, such as listening, empathy, and the ability to adjust communication style based on the audience.
Strong teamwork and facilitation skills with the ability to:
Balance conversations within groups
Offer suggestions and improvements to process and work effectively with all personalities.
Accommodations - If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
Posting Statement
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
Salesforce welcomes all.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
