We're looking for a Clinical Data Analyst to help us accomplish our mission to improve lives by learning from the experience of every cancer patient. Here's what you need to know about the role, our team and why Flatiron Health is the right next step in your career.

What You'll Do

In this role, you'll work with the Clinical Data team to interpret and organize clinical oncology data. Reporting to the Manager, Clinical Data, you'll be responsible for assisting with the development of data capture forms and feasibility tests, and working alongside cross-functional team members on ways to improve data models. In addition, you'll also:
Support the management of a portfolio of 2-5 projects
Assist with the development of data capture forms, data capture instructions and data analyses
Support data quality and control activities, including clarifying clinical guidance, correcting errors and refining instructions
Participate in problem-solving discussions with internal stakeholders (e.g. Research Clinicians, Product, Quantitative Sciences, Engineering and Life Science Partnerships) to determine clinically and scientifically sound approaches
Begin to work to understand how to identify major pain points in various workflows by contributing to the development of templates and tools to address these challenges
Surface suggestions regarding how to improve our software platform(s) to our software engineers
This is a great opportunity for you to work with cross functional teams (e.g, Research Clinicians, Product, Operations, Quantitative Sciences and Engineering) on research initiatives to develop high quality data products for delivery to clients.

Who You Are

You have 2+ years of experience working in clinical research and with data management/analysis. You're excited by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle meaningful problems each and every day. You're a kind, passionate and collaborative problem-solver who seeks and gives candid feedback, and values the chance to make an important impact.
You have BS or MS in science, nursing, or healthcare related field
You have at least 2 year of relevant experience as a clinical research assistant, registered nurse, physician assistant, or equivalent with considerable healthcare experience
You have experience with clinical data management or data entry
You have a high comfort level with technology and familiarity with EMR systems and EDCs
You demonstrate exceptional attention to detail
You have strong verbal and written communication skills
You are a self-motivator who is able to prioritize and address problems in a highly dynamic and fast-paced environment
You are willing to travel to our NYC office once per month during your training period and once per quarter thereafter
If this sounds like you, you'll fit right in at Flatiron.

Extra Credit
You are familiar with SQL
You are familiar with all aspects of how cancer is treated, from diagnosis to recovery, and are fluent in cancer terminology
Why You Should Join Our Team

A career at Flatiron is a chance to work with everyone involved in the future of cancer care and research—all under one roof. Researchers, data scientists, designers, clinicians, technologists and many more all work together to improve cancer care and accelerate research.

You'll also find a culture of continuous learning, broad and inclusive employee support offerings, and a commitment to supporting our team members in all aspects of their lives—at home, at work and everywhere in between. We offer:
Flatiron University training curriculum which includes presentation skills, meeting mastery, coding languages and more
Career coaching opportunities
Hackathons for all employees (not just our engineers!)
Professional development benefit for attending conferences, industry events and external courses
Work/life autonomy via flexible work hours and flexible paid time off
Generous parental leave (16 weeks for either parent)
Back-up child care
Flatiron-sponsored fitness classes
Flatiron Health is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.

We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
