Job Description

Acumen, LLC has multiple positions available for Data and Policy Analyst IV in Burlingame, CA and various unanticipated locations throughout the USA. Prepare descriptive statistics for public and health care policy in draft form. With support from more senior employees, coordinate project activities and communications among diverse groups of internal and external clients and team members. Draft interpretations of study specifications, research findings, and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences. Assist with developing research files from large confidential datasets, such as health care claims, enrollment data, and payment data. Assist with preparing project reports, memos, presentations, and research manuscripts. Deliver technical assistance and present findings to clients. Assist more senior employees in coordinating tasks. Assist in facilitating employee development and implementation of plans for completing work. Assist more senior employees in advocating on behalf of the individuals those employees manage.

REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Public Health, Public Policy, Statistics, Economics or a related field and two years of experience in the job offered or related occupation.

1 year of experience in each of the following skills is required:
Producing econometric and statistical analyses of data using statistical software, including SAS and STATA;
Drafting interpretations of study specifications, research findings, and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences;
Developing research files from large confidential datasets, including health care claims, enrollment data and payment data;
Conducting literature searches and other independent research and draft summaries of findings;
Identifying, developing, and implementing best practices for conducting research and interpreting findings;
Using research datasets to analyze the Medicare population, including Medicare fee-for-service claims, enrollment, provider, and assessment data; and
Supporting the development of research training programs in areas of data, policy, writing, and programming.
All experience may be acquired concurrently.

To apply, please submit resume online at https://acumenllc-openhire.silkroad.com/epostings/. Please reference job # 4955663.

Job Location

Burlingame, California, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular
