Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them.

How will you make an impact?
You will be a part of the fast-growing field of Clinical Diagnostics developing algorithms for molecular diagnostics based on real-time PCR technologies. Your interaction and collaboration with a talented team of software and hardware designers will revolutionize healthcare through low-cost and high throughput diagnostic systems.

What will you do?
Data analysis & experimental design - work closely with SMEs (molecular biologist, engineers, etc) to improve instrument performance and analyze experimental data
Develop software for data mining large datasets
Develop classification algorithms and model data
Collaborate and communicate with various teams and business units
How will you get here?
Education
Bachelors in Molecular Biology, Biology, Chemistry, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computational Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or related discipline; postgraduate degree (Masters, PhD) is highly preferred

Experience
3+ years of product development experience (biotechnology industry preferred)
Strong hands on data analysis, modeling, and classifiers experience
Excellent programming skills in C++, Java and Python
Experience utilizing Matlab, JMP, R, or SPSS
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities
Understanding of clinical trial design and evaluation
Knowledge in Molecular Biology, qPCR, Clinical Diagnostics
Prior experience with US-FDA 510k product development/submission, 21 CFR Part 11, and ISO 13485 is highly preferred
Ability to present and communicate data analysis results to non-experts
Ability to work independently and in a team environment
Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com.

Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com
