About BazaarvoiceBazaarvoice connects brands and retailers to consumers, so that every shopping experience feels personal. From search and discovery to purchase and advocacy, Bazaarvoice's solutions reach in-market shoppers, personalize their experiences, and give them the confidence to buy. Each month in the Bazaarvoice Network, more than a billion consumers view and share authentic content including reviews, questions and answers, and social photos across 6,000 brand and retail websites.We're looking for a highly motivated, curious mind whose mission will be to drive the effectiveness and efficiency of our Customer Success team. This individual will work closely with global Customer Success leadership in defining customer success objectives, strategy, and KPIs, and in implementing processes that scale. They will be responsible for long term projects and daily requests. Do you have a passion for people and processes? Are you a collaborative problem-solver who is not only able to understand the numbers and the finer details, but also the broader business context around them?This individual will join a high-performing team that delivers strategic analysis and operational rigor across the Revenue org and contributes to driving overall company growth. This individual will work with the team to surface powerful insights into the business; implement new, more efficient processes; manage reporting; and will work closely with Gainsight Admin. This is a demanding role that requires the ability to multi-task and involves a blend of excellent analytical, technological and communication skills.Responsibilities:* Work closely with Customer Success leadership to define and operationalize key Customer Success metrics* Develop reports, dashboards and analytics to help track key performance indicators, ensuring that business processes and systems are generating accurate data* Own analysis and reporting on a wide range of processes and initiatives focused on driving customer success* Analyze data from multiple internal systems to provide strategic and actionable business insights that enable leadership to make data-driven decisions* Audit data and metrics to ensure accuracy and compliance* Works to understand CSM deficiencies, process bottlenecks and identify new processes to increase automation and efficiency of the team* Identify process automation and improvement opportunities and work with cross-functional teams to drive these initiatives* Build workflows and dashboards that analyze customer data and trigger actions for CSMs to proactively engage with customers* Ensure all processes are well documented and maintained up to date* Ensure that new customers are assigned a CSM promptly and manages capacity planning* Define Customer Success Tool (Gainsight) roadmap in alignment with CS leadership strategic initiatives and objectives and work to improve tool adoption* Work closely with Gainsight Administrator to ensure business requirements are translated effectively in toolRequired Skills:* 2-4+ years of demonstrated success in an operational role ideally with a focus on Customer Success within the SaaS industry* Execution Focused: Can identify solutions, but also executes on the work* A self-starter who seeks out problems to solve* Detail-oriented: Accuracy, attention to detail, thoroughness and follow-through.* Data- and results-driven contributor: Analytical experience and proficiency with Excel (building dashboards, reports, or using any BI tools)* The ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize competing tasks in time-constrained situations* Ability to leverage communication and interpersonal skills to build relationships, be persuasive and persistent at all levels of the organization* Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, including listening and ability to explain multi-step processes and functional technologies, and writing and presenting user training* Excellent computer skills, including CRM software (salesforce. com), business applications (Outlook, MS Word, MS Excel), and data visual tools (Tableau)Nice to haves:* Experience working with Gainsight (or other Customer Success Tools)* Experience working with Salesforce* Experience working with Tableau* Previous customer success or sales operations experience in SaaS companyWhy join Bazaarvoice?* We're committed to client success: There are over 5K brand and retail websites in the Bazaarvoice network. Our clients represent some of the world's leading companies across a wide range of industries including retail, apparel, automotive, consumer electronics and travel.* We're leaders in consumer-generated content: Each month, more than one-half billion consumers view and share authentic consumer-generated content, such as ratings and reviews, curated photos, social posts and videos, about products in our network. Last year, 135K reviews were submitted each day.* Our network delivers: Network analytics provide insights that help marketers and advertisers provide more engaging experiences that drive brand awareness, consideration, sales, and loyalty.* We're a great place to work: We pride ourselves on our unique culture. Join a company that values passion, innovation, authenticity, generosity, respect, teamwork, and performance.Our Employee Value Proposition:BV's Impact on the Market:We are shaping the way people shop, putting the shopper experience at the heart of everything we do. We partner with the worlds largest brands and our network's impact is comparable to Facebook, LinkedIn and Google. If you shop or research online, it's very likely that you've already interacted with Bazaarvoice. With market leading technology, shopper data that spans over a million shoppers and a billion shopper interactions a month, our future is limitless.What this means in Client Success:Very simply Bazaarvoice work with some of the biggest brands and retailers in the market. We have such a huge impact in our client's businesses no matter how big or small, a way to talk about impacting millions of dollars in sales, and you don't get that everywhere. It's so compelling to realize that we work in an environment where our recommendations can shape a consumers shopping journey/experience or help make a product launch successful on a daily basis. These core elements are at the center of everything we do.Professional Learning, Growth and Impact:You can grow your career, your skills and professional experiences by working across a breadth of business initiatives, different global regions and innovative solutions. You have the opportunity to see tangible results from your direct contributions and build your own brand at Bazaarvoice. With new products and markets on the horizon, there has never been a more exciting time to be at Bazaarvoice.What this means in Client Success:Bazaarvoice gives you the opportunity to grow YOUR career and professional development is decided by YOU! The environment that we have created makes you feel that you have a complete and challenging position with the opportunity to learn and grow on a daily basis. Within Client Success our employees feel they have the ability for personal and professional growth who are coached and supported by highly skilled and experienced managers who have followed the same journey at Bazaarvoice.Great People:You will work with and help recruit bright, experienced, passionate and humble colleagues that bring diverse perspectives on a daily basis. We are open minded, respectful and transparent.What this means in Client Success:Great people makes Bazaarvoice the company it is with our employees at the center of everything amazing we do! We are fortunate to work in an environment that is fun, challenging and collaborative where everyone has the ability to be their most authentic selves. We hire smart individuals who always bring great energy, team spirit and encourage humble and supportive behavior. We are very proud of this!Culture:You will be part of a vibrant culture where we celebrate, we collaborate and we come together generously to elevate one another & our community. We promote open dialogue at all levels and are generous with our time and ideas.What this means in Client Success:Bazaarvoice is a place to have fun! We work hard but we are given the trust to do our jobs in a relaxed and flexible working environment. We make friends in our colleagues and with genuine trust and good relationships we get the most out of our time at work and enjoy each other's company outside of work too! If you want to go to the gym at lunch, take a walk and enjoy a flexible working environment, its about balancing your other commitments and hobbies and doing your job well. All of this contributes to having a support system that makes us all successful together.Commitment to diversity and inclusion:Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world's smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.Apply for this jobBazaarvoice Home PageJobs powered by
