Evolver is a technology company serving the Federal, Commercial, and Legal markets that addresses client challenges in the present and transitions clients into the future by introducing efficient and effective IT solutions. Established in 2000, Evolver has successfully grown to be a trusted technology leader. Evolver’s efforts and growth have been recognized by leading publications and organizations, including Inc. 5000 for five consecutive years, and most recently “Future 50” from SmartCEO. With a dedicated focus on client satisfaction, Evolver has proven its value time and time again, from managing day-to-day operations to skillfully navigating the implementation and support of new technologies. Evolver’s core competencies are infrastructure, application development, cybersecurity, cloud, end-user support, data analytics and legal services.
We believe our employees are key to our success and continued growth. We attract and retain our diverse workforce by promoting a work-life balance with generous and flexible time off, competitive compensation and benefits, and a commitment to professional development. When you join Evolver, you join a community of talented and dedicated individuals whose abilities, skills, and actions contribute to the success of the company.
Evolver is seeking a Market Data Services Analysis to join our team in San Francisco, CA.

Market Data Services Analyst
Market Data Services aims to manage market data within D&C by providing transparency around all data (including investment, operations and research data) sourced from Market Data and external data providers, documenting feed metadata, contractual obligations, rights of use etc, and helping govern the use of such data across the firm.

The role of Market Data Services analyst is a central role to working across the firm specifically with Legal, Data Governance, IT, InfoSec and Market data consumers in Operations, Equity and Fixed Income Research and Trading to;
Develop a solid understanding of all of the market data vendors and feeds used across D&C.
Document all of the important dimensions around the vendors as well as related products and services, in partnership with IT, Legal, Data Governance, Vendor Management and Market Data consumers (both for internal and external usage of data such as Investment Modeling and Client Reporting).
Develop a framework to improve visibility and transparency into contract terms, rights of use, actual usage across the firm, highlighting potential gaps and exposures
Partner and tag team on specific projects that relate to new or existing vendors, for market data to assess impact from a usage, data governance and contractual perspective, establishing a procurement function and process around Market Data intake and cataloging using tools like Collibra
Partner with Vendor Management to leverage the VM framework and tools to be a principal point of contact on the Market Data services side.
Partner with Vendor Relationship Managers for each of the market data vendors
Develop a framework working with Legal, for new market data contracts and renewals of existing ones to attempt to standardize language around rights of use, use cases as well as SLAs, that should be baked in.
Perform ongoing research on market data provider industry developments that are relevant for D&C and Investment management, documenting logical categories of market data use, and developing a scorecard of capabilities by vendor, helping optimize capabilities vs spend

Previous experience with Market Data in Financial Services is required.
Need to be collaborative and a self-starter
Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work at a detailed level, to effectively partner across various functions in the firm to accomplish stated goals.

Experience working in the Financial Services industry and 3-4 years experience
Data Science and/or Business Intelligence project experience preferred
4 year Degree Minimum

At Evolver, we foster teamwork, growth, individuality and entrepreneurialism. We value employee opinions and encourage them to make a difference by getting involved and being thought-leaders. As a part of the Evolver team, we actively promote a working and learning environment that supports a highly qualified workforce and a quality of work life that is based on trust and respect for all employees resulting in a healthy and trusting organizational culture.

Evolver, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status. Evolver offers a comprehensive benefits plan including (but not limited to): medical, dental, vision, 401(k), life, AD&D and short term and long term disability insurance.
