At Lyft, our mission is to improve people's lives with the world's best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.

Lyft is hiring a Financial Data Analyst for its FP&A & Accounting teams. This is a crucial role in helping to build and improve upon Lyft's financial foundation. This is a high visibility role that will directly impact a large portion of Lyft's Financial Statements and have a high degree of contact with senior management. The candidate in this position will work closely with Engineering, Finance, and Operations teams to provide visibility of key financial metrics and reports of business initiatives at Lyft.

Responsibilities:
Work to ensure the accuracy of financial data used for financial reporting
Own reporting of key financial data used for reporting and operational decision-making
Perform complex analysis of datasets, build accurate data maps, and conduct regular data validation
Ensure the development of an automated reporting process that covers metrics as well as financial results, and connects the two in an appropriate and accurate manner
Provide general financial data support to other key stakeholders within the Finance team
Work with upstream engineering teams to understand new product requirements and their impact on downstream teams.
Experience:


BA/BS with 2+ years of experience in finance, accounting, business, consulting, or analytics or relevant work experience
Proficiency in SQL with 1+ years of experience working with large data sets
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to communicate and influence effectively across various departments
A drive to understand the core issues and determination to uncover the solution
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Extremely detail oriented and highly organized
Experience with Github, Terminal, development with various Data Management Systems a plus
Tableau and other data visualization/BI experience a plus
Knowledge / experience with accounting or finance a plus
Experience with Oracle Fusion Products or Netsuite a plus
Experience working with financial planning systems (either Anaplan, Adaptive Insights, or Host Analytics) a plus
Benefits:


Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
In addition to 11 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program
Lyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
