Location San Francisco CA ( work from remote is OK) Client Visa Must have skills Big data experience (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, GBI) - Data visualization experience (Tableau) andor SQL experience are critical skills - This role is about both doing and delivering Strong verbal, written, motivational and interpersonal skills are required. - Looking for 8-12 years of experience, similar to a director level. Nice to have skills LAC Spanish is helpful but not required international business experience, Financial service or Payment experience Risk operations andor Risk analytics any combination of years Roles and responsibilities Deliver on analytics initiatives for NA + LAC which deliver data-driven insights to internal and external stakeholders. This will include both aesthetic and technical assets, as well as regular ad-hoc work, for internal executive stakeholders, issuing banks, acquirers, processors and merchants. The ability to balance a holistic global view with customized regional delivery is crucial to success. Through collaboration with our client facing teams and functional leaders, you will bring data and insights to bear which deliver mutual, tangible value to Visa and our clients by way of improved payment security. For Specific responsibilities please see JD Description This role is on the Risk Analytics MIS team, where we have a simple mission turn massive amounts of data into actionable insights that ensure seamless, secure commerce experiences across Visa's physical and digital eco-system. Our analytic and data professionals deliver on this mission by implementing data based solutions, analysis and insights targeted at maintaining security, reducing fraud rates and preserving the integrity of the largest payment processing network in the world. Data analytics is a critical pillar of the Risk organization. To be successful in this role, you will use strong analytical and leadership skills, contextual business sense and a creative flair to solve real world challenges for Visa and our clients. Your expertise and insights will serve as a beacon to guide business decisions based on data. Directly reports to the Global Head of Risk Analytics MIS. Essential Functions Deliver on analytics initiatives for NA + LAC which deliver data-driven insights to internal and external stakeholders. This will include both aesthetic and technical assets, as well as regular ad-hoc work, for internal executive stakeholders, issuing banks, acquirers, processors and merchants. The ability to balance a holistic global view with customized regional delivery is crucial to success. Through collaboration with our client facing teams and functional leaders, you will bring data and insights to bear which deliver mutual, tangible value to Visa and our clients by way of improved payment security. Specific responsibilities include Execute on the global Risk analytic strategy for specific initiatives and various regional priorities, spearheading creation of data assets and delivery of insights Compare client performance against industry best practices inject new perspectives with a shrewd eye toward identifying performance andor profitability improvement opportunities. Move the organization from interesting to actionable with recommendations that drive lower fraud rates, more seamless commerce and improved experiences for players in our eco-system Craft meaningful presentations and insights from complex data with content that clearly presents opportunities in an accurate, understandable and engaging manner ensure data driven decision making is a priority for clients, colleagues, and other internal stakeholders Identify macro business and market trends that guide areas of future analysis Translate understanding of Visa's products and services into client engagement strategies that yield financial and performance benefits Serve as a strategic advisor to organizational leadership and peers inclusive of Risk MIS team, Regional Risk Officers, FunctionalGlobal leaders and the Regional President. Mature how our analytic capabilities are integrated into business processes, improving delivery effectiveness Cultivate deep cross-functional partnerships, building relationship capital that facilitates the advancement of holisticstrategic initiatives Be an expert at getting to the root of a problem, defining business objectives and formalizing data requirements especially in a fast paced, fluid environment Influence tools and capabilities strategy through experience with various data environments, data sources and tools Exceptional risk andor business acumen and technical rigor be able to seamlessly shift between working with data to conversations with executives Basic Qualifications 8+ years of work experience with a Bachelor's Degree 7 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. MastersMBAJDMD) or a minimum of 5 years of work experience with a PhD Preferred Qualifications 12+ years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree (quantitative field preferred) or 10 years of experience with an Advanced Degree (quantitative or business degree highly desirable). Demonstration of progressive success in roles of increasing responsibility Possess a relentless, client-centric and result-driven mindset coupled with strong problem solving skills and an ability to break down complex problems and propose alternative, new ways of thinking. Expertise in delivering data insights, strategic planning and analytic strategy is highly desirable Extensive experience in risk, banking or financial services is required. Visa experience or knowledge of the payments industry is highly desirable Risk operations or Risk analytics experience or similar quantitative business responsibility for financial or operational performance highly desirable Strong understanding of manipulating data from a variety of sources Big data experience (Hadoop, Hive, Spark), data visualization experience (Tableau) andor SQL experience are critical skills this role is about both doing and delivering Strong verbal, written, motivational and interpersonal skills are required. Work Hours Incumbent must make themselves available during core business hours. May require occasional meetings outside of core business hours to connect with global partners. Physical Requirements This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers. Can work RemoteVirtual - Will be supporting two regions LAC and NA, must be able to work core hours.
