About TaskRabbit


At TaskRabbit, we want to make your neighborhood a little more familiar. Whether it's a handyman (or woman!), a housecleaner, moving help or delivery person, we're imagining a world where everyone will have a go-to team to make everyday life easier.

As a pioneer of the sharing economy, TaskRabbit was founded on the premise of neighbors helping neighbors. Since then, our network has grown to three countries and 45+ cities, yet our core mission of creating a better everyday life for everyday people has remained the same.

Together with IKEA, we're creating more opportunities for people to earn a consistent, meaningful income on their own terms by building lasting relationships with clients in communities around the world.

We are a group of mission-minded people. Our culture is collaborative, pragmatic, and fast-paced. We're looking for talented, entrepreneurially-minded and data-driven people who also have a passion for helping people do what they love - and have a ton of fun while they're at it.

About the Job


Data and analytics are the lifeblood of TaskRabbit and we are building a Data Analytics team to provide key insights to drive our business forward.

You will be a member of the Data Group: Data Analytics, Data Science and Data Engineering. We are a force multiplier, owning the data, analysis, and knowledge infrastructure that enables ourselves and our teammates to move faster and smarter.

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will work with cross-functional teams, working closely with business unit managers to analyze their business problems and provide insights and recommendations on potential solutions to test and measure. You will also assist in defining metrics and building dynamic reports that business unit managers can use to track progress towards targets. You will have the opportunity to work hand-in-hand with Marketing, Growth, Operations, and Customer Support teams in order to accelerate growth, optimize performance, and scale efficiently.

As part of the Data Group, you will collaborate with Data Scientists, drawing on their technical skills and expertise. Also, you will work with Data Engineers to ensure that the data platform and infrastructure provides you with the data and tools you need to do your job.

Responsibilities
Translate business problems and requirements into data questions
Develop testable hypotheses, conduct experiments and measure results
Deliver insights to improve business performance and decision-making
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams including product managers, designers, and engineers
Define key metrics to track product performance
Become a subject-matter expert on marketplace dynamics
Background and Experience


We welcome applicants from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. Below gives you a sense of how we're thinking about what you'll need to be successful in the role.
Bachelor or Master Science degree in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics or other quantitative fields
4+ years of experience in a data analytics role or equivalent
Strong experience with SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
Knowledgeable in Python programming
Strong communication skills, both written and oral; comfortable presenting findings and recommendations to decision-makers
Excited about working with large data sets
Experience with Looker, Tableau, or similar tool is a plus
Bonus Points
Agile. Intelligent. Creative. Problem-solver. Startup lover. You like making things happen.
We're looking for people that have a passion for data, technology and problem solving
You're familiar with our product and have some ideas on things you'd want to add or change!
You'll love working here because:


The People. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams -- people you can be proud to work with!
The Values.
Care Deeply. We take time to be present and partner with our team and communities.
Level Up. We navigate through ambiguity and go the extra mile.
Be A Better Neighbor. We build a diverse and sustainable community and encourage all voices.
Lead The Future Together. We value entrepreneurship and inspire by action.
The diverse culture. We believe that we make better decisions when our workforce reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. Women make up more than half of our team and leadership, and we strive to recruit and retain employees from all over the world.
The perks. TaskRabbit offers comprehensive medical benefits, generous vacation and holiday time off, commuter benefits, learning and development opportunities, career development trainings, monthly TaskRabbit product stipends, IKEA discounts, free lunch, weekly meditations, charity events, and a dog-friendly office.
Company Overview:


TaskRabbit is a task management network that conveniently connects people with Taskers to handle everyday home to-do's, such as furniture assembly, handyman work, moving help, and much more. Acquired by IKEA Group - the world's largest furniture retailer - in 2017, TaskRabbit operates in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and is expanding its global reach rapidly.

As a pioneer of the sharing economy, TaskRabbit was founded in 2008 on the premise of neighbors helping neighbors. Since then, our network has grown to three countries, 45 cities and over 140,000 Taskers, yet our core mission has remained the same. We want to make everyday life easier for everyday people. And by doing that, we can make your neighborhood a little more familiar.

In 2017, TaskRabbit launched TaskRabbit for Good (TR4G), which connects neighbors to build sustainable and compassionate communities. TaskRabbit for Good was created to make it easier for neighbors to give back locally and make a positive impact in communities around the world. TaskRabbit donates a portion of its service fee from all TR4G initiatives to best-in-class local non-profit organizations tackling social and environmental challenges.

TaskRabbit's headquarters is located in the heart of San Francisco, with three other offices in New York City, Austin, and London.

Equal Opportunity Employer


TaskRabbit is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status. TaskRabbit is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.

TaskRabbit will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.
