Summary

Data Analyst, Trust & Safety is responsible for providing insights to help define, enforce and promote policies, programs and products as part of Global Ethics and Compliance.

Core Functions include:
Design and build reports, scorecards and dashboards to support all Compliance functions.
Generate insights, trends and actionable recommendations to support Operations, Product and Business teams.
Generate reports and create presentations for key stakeholders, including Compliance and Executive leadership team
*** This role is required to work in both San Bruno(Temporarily replaced by San Mateo) and Sunnyvale locations. ***
Roles & Responsibilities
This position is part of Analytics teamresponsible for performing analytics to support the business. An individual inthis position is expected to perform additional responsibilities and duties asassigned and/or necessary.
Analyse and interpret information related torisk mitigation by identifying industry data trends (ex: reputational metrics,seller scorecard indicators) and benchmarks.
Analyse data to identify trends, patterns,insights, and discrepancies in data; ensure data accuracy, synthesizecompliance data in support of strategic business objectives; translate resultsinto actionable recommendations/plans.
Utilize industry new technologies and bestpractices to provide insights to key stakeholders based on your research.
Communicate compliance data insights and globaltrends related to the business; design, coordinate, and implement newreporting, analysis, and data-management solutions; provide recommendationsbased on insights and research.
Propose improvements for strategic and tacticalinitiatives (ex: driving experience scores, risk mitigation measures).
Preferred Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Analytics,Mathematics, Systems, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field.
2+ years experience in analytics, systems,information technology (IT), data management.
1+ year experience with Python/R (Python preferred).
1+ year experience in Tableau/Looker or any other visualization tools (Tableau preferred).
Experience with Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Kafka.
2+ year experience with SQL, RDBMS, Hive and No-SQL databases (for example Cassandra).
Knowledge on predictive modelling is a plus.
Masters degree or certificate in business analytics, data mining, or statistical analysis is a strong plus.
Prior eCommerce experience is a plus.
Required Skills

Data Analyst / Data Science
Python
hadoop
Hive
SQL/No SQL
Tableau
