Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more.

As a HR Data Analyst in our Human Resources organization, you will have the unique opportunity to influence the internal Snowflake roadmap related to business & people analytics. Your work will support quarterly organizational metric reviews & uncover data insights that will help drive important strategic decisions to grow and scale the company. You will join a growing team and get to work with some of the leading data scientists and engineers in the field of cloud data warehousing.
You will play a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. You will bring your technical expertise to ensure the quality and accuracy of that data, then process, design and present it in ways to help people, businesses, and organizations make better decisions. You will be a subject matter expert to identify best in class reporting metrics, collaborating with the business based on their needs and determining the best approach to fulfill request(s). The HR Data Analyst is responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the information that is provided. You will quickly identify business risks, inefficiencies, issues and opportunities related to our daily processes and solves these issues with an emphasis on automation of the end product.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Partner with HR Business Partners, Compensation, Talent Acquisition and Recruiting teams to understand their business challenges & present data driven solutions
Support the HR leadership team in building metrics and insights roadmap
Storytelling - Translate data and analysis into a story to help drive decisions across the organization
Create quarterly reports for a wide variety of stakeholders; Calculate retention, turnover, diversity and internal mobility rates
Responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the information that is being provided by carefully and continually scrutinizing the data to ensure the right information is portrayed in the reports being delivered
Proactively suggest information that should be analyzed based on key indicators and identify trends that would require further analysis to determine root cause and/or pinpoint specific areas of concern
Work diligently to instill confidence in the business to trust the information that is being represented in the insights provided
Responsible for keeping current on industry trends of HR analytics and predictive analysis
Responsible for ensuring that they respect and observe applicable data privacy guidelines when handling sensitive data
Design & develop insightful HR & Executive dashboards reporting on key recruiting metrics such as time to fill and hiring costs
Build Executive & HR dashboards using visualization tools (Tableau/Looker)
Translate business needs into technical requirements for Snowflake Admins
IDEAL CANDIDATE
Experience with HR data analysis & strong HR business acumen (Knowledge of HR Practices, processes & standard metrics) is required
Must have advanced working experience with data visualization applications (Looker/Tableau)
Great communications skills - you must be able to present your findings to executives and business stakeholders - Must understand the art of storytelling - go beyond the data to insights
Advanced Microsoft Excel and experience with analyzing complex data sets
Knowledge and familiarity with Workday reporting or Greenhouse is desirable
Ability to execute well in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving organization
Snowflake is growing fast, and we're scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.
How do you want to make your impact?

Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
