Job Title: Business Data Analyst

Location: San Francisco, CA

Duration: Long Term

Pharma Domain Mandatory

Business Data Analyst in terms of Data Standards and Data Migration:
Translating business requirements, process documentation, system/report specifications, integrated data flows and data models into proposed data definitions, metadata specifications, and data variant/dimensional policies creating fit for purpose standards appropriately aligned with industry standards, compliance requirements and internal Data Governance policies and procedures.
Working with sponsors, standards core and governance teams to define stakeholders, propose data standards and adjudicates feedback from stakeholders Previous experience in managing data and developing data standards.
Experience with CDISC, BRIDG, HL7 and other related pharma development data standards Data modelling. Understands the concepts and principles of data modelling and is able to produce relevant data models across multiple subject areas. Understands industry recognized data modelling patterns and standards and when to apply them. Experience in data modeling / architecture principles and techniques.
Data Management. Awareness of the key aspects of managing data through its lifecycle, including understanding of data ownership, data quality and associated data governance principles.
Communicating between the technical and the non-technical. Able to listen to the needs of technical and business stakeholders and interpret between them. Regularly manages stakeholders' expectations, providing proactive and reactive communication. Brings strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Analyze business scenarios that may potentially be solved by implementation of automated systems and/or modifications to business processes. Provide expertise in identification, evaluation, design, development, and deployment of systems and/or processes
Play a key role as part of a project team or M&E in delivery of solutions that are cost effective, sustainable, and meet business requirements

Accountable for documentation, which may include, but is not limited to:
User Requirements
Functional and/or technical specifications
Process flow diagrams
Training documentation and/or work instructions
Depending on the application and/or function, may configure system settings and/or options
Provide consultation to customers regarding enhancement/improvement of current solutions and implementation of new solutions both systems and processes
Facilitate and/or support customers in UAT planning and execution
Participate in and advise roadmap discussions; key member of vendor assessment teams
Drive resolution of business or systems issues
