Square builds common business tools in unconventional ways so more people can
start, run, and grow their businesses. When Square started, it was difficult
and expensive (or just plain impossible) for some businesses to take credit
cards. Square made credit card payments possible for all by turning a mobile
phone into a credit card reader. Since then Square has been building an entire
business toolkit of both hardware and software products including Square
Capital, Square Terminal, Square Payroll, and more. We re working to find n
and better ways to help businesses succeed on their own terms and we r
looking for people like you to help shape tomorrow at Square.

Job_Description

As part of the Compliance Product and Strategy Team, you will drive the
analysis for essential decisions and insight across the compliance
organization. You will build and automate reporting for Compliance processes,
improving Compliance infrastructure and platforms.

Cash App is the fastest growing financial brand in the world. Built to take the
pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with
a single purpose to a dynamic money app with over 15 million active monthly
users. Loved by customers and by pop culture, we ve held the #1 spot in
finance on the App Store for almost two years, and our social media posts see
more engagement in a day than most financial brands see in a year. Cash App is
bringing a better way to send, spend, and save to anyone who has ever sought an
alternative to today s banking system.

You_Will
Build and automate metrics reporting for important Compliance processes
Work with engineering teams to understand the intricacies of legacy data
Organize internal Compliance data requests (build transaction monitoring
signals, assure quality and data integrity for internal and external
audits, provide analysis on operational metrics)
Help with ad hoc projects, including leading on project work streams,
which arise from time to time out of regulatory or environmental changes.
Use information from regulatory changes, new regulations, and internal
policy changes to further identify new risk areas
Analyze comparative data, present reports related to AML risk
assessments, and monitor AML related issues and escalations
Build databases, dashboards, and tools on a diverse set of topics with a
focus on promoting automation and scaling, and providing easily
understood reports
Ensure data integrity, identify reporting issues, recommend solutions,
and remove roadblocks
Provide coordination for projects and communicate strategy and priorities
to our teams
Track progress against targets and benchmark performance against main
indicators and stakeholder expectations
Develop approaches/action plans to compliance and control issues by
weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting
situations
Support ongoing optimization to the effectiveness of all in scope BAU
transaction monitoring systems, scenarios and rules
Identify risks and propose recommendations to address processes requiring
optimization and improvement
Establish and track project milestones while reporting on an overall
integrated delivery plan
Work with cross-divisional partners, including technology, operations and
business personnel through all aspects of strategic builds of critical
compliance program elements
Design key metrics to measure different aspects of the business
You_Have

Qualifications
6+ years experience in an analytics role or equivalent in compliance
space
B.A. or B.S. in quantitative field (i.e. Mathematics, Statistics,
Economics, Computer Science, Engineering Sciences)
Experience with SQL(SnowflakeVertica a plus)
Experience with Transaction Monitoring AML typologies and rules
Experience with Risk Coverage Assessment, Model Validation and Tuning
Experience working with teams across all areas in a company; present
detailed data and recommendations to senior leadership
Knowledge of AML laws and regulations, including a general and broad
understanding of AML and reputational risks (PEPs, Sanctions, AB&C)
Presentation and communications experience extracting insights from
technical data sets to varied audiences including communicating with
senior management

Even_Better
Experience in Looker, Airflow, Python, or Git
Experience with Sanctions screening tools a plus
Consumer Financial Product/Payments/Fintech Experience a plus
Machine learning, statistical modeling or data mining expertise
Additional Information

At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants
based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate
on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual
orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will
consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a
manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance
Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the
interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an
email to assistance(at). We will treat your request as
confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and
preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible.

Perks

At Square, we want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package
includes:
Healthcare coverage
Retirement Plans
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Wellness perks
Paid parental leave
Flexible time off
Learning and Development resources
