At Bank of the West, our people are having a positive impact on the world. We’re investing where we feel we can make the most impact, like advancing diversity and women entrepreneurship programs, financing for more small businesses, and promoting programs for sustainable energy. From our locations across the U.S., Bank of the West is taking action to help protect the planet, improve people’s lives, and strengthen communities. We are part of BNP Paribas, a global leader supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Yes, we’re a bank, but as the bank for a changing world, we are continually seeking to improve the ways we help our customers, while contributing to more sustainable and equitable growth.

Job Description Summary

The Senior Lead Data Analytics Analyst is responsible
for planning, developing, and managing business line reporting and analytics
presented to Senior Management and Board level Committees; controlling workflow
activities and deadlines. The candidate will additionally be required to
perform deep dive business analysis and reporting to assist with active
portfolio management and product development as well as be responsible for
model monitoring and tracking, strategy development and optimization, and
documentation of the business, process, data, methodology, and results. Will be responsible for collaborating with
senior management to identify data analytics opportunities, designs, and lead
in executing key messages and objectives of the reports. Lead the review cycles
for credit scorecard development, management and all required submissions.

Essential Job Functions
Creates and develops various Senior Management and
Board level reports with multiple or various function focus. Identifies
and develops processes and procedures to ensure all reports and supporting
documents are completed accurately and within required timeframes.
Identifies data analytics opportunities, designs, and
leads in executing reports in a way to successfully meet the established
deadlines.
Leads the schedule and workflow for multiple reports.
Collaborates directly with subject matter experts to produce, contribute,
review, or approve the results.
Collaborates with subject matter experts to extract,
filter, and aggregate data using logical queries and basic programming.
Provides guidance in constructing data metrics, statistics, and analyses.
Ensures quality reports such as trend analysis is provided through data
analyses techniques and presentation materials are generated into
established templates and style guides.
Initiate and lead external vendor based model
development efforts with responsibility for end-to-end management and
execution. These include:
Vendor management
All required elements of supporting model development
by vendor
All required elements to effectively deploy model(s)
on the Bank’s systems
Credit risk fit and model management, including tasks
associated with model governance, audit and regulatory exams
Lead and manage projects and/or small teams to support
new initiatives or other automation efforts.
Required Experience
Bachelor’s Degree, preferably Master’s, in a
quantitative field (.e.g. Math, Statistics, Econometrics, Operations
Research, etc.).
Requires 3 or more years of SAS and SQL usage, preferably in a
financial setting.
Must have good
understanding of enterprise systems and relational databases.
Must be proficient in MS Office Suite.
Requires highest knowledge and mastery of multiple job areas typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience.
Viewed as the leading expert and/or resource within the field by peers within and outside the organization.
Skills
Excellent management and control of work flows to produce deliverables within required timeframes and quality standards.
Excellent knowledge of project management and Microsoft Office tools.
Understanding of style guides and editorial process.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Good inter-personal and partnering skills to facilitate effective working relationships.
Strong understanding of financial industry, risk management, and/or corporate security.
Keen eye for design and understanding of layout flows and infographics.
Ability to adjust to rapidly changing security environment and prioritize deliverables.
Ability to condense information and transform technical data into easily understandable concepts.
Strong leadership skills.
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law. Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran.

Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.

#LI-AM1
