Job Title: Data and Reporting Analyst

Reports To: Manager, Information Technology

Status: Full Time

About Working at Chinese Community Health Plan

Established in 1986, Chinese Community Health Plan (CCHP) is the health plan subsidiary of Chinese

Hospital. Our mission is to provide culturally competent and linguistically appropriate health care at an affordable price to community businesses and individuals who are generally not served by the broader health insurance market. CCHP also offers a Medicare Advantage HMO and Dual Eligible Special

Needs Plan. If you want to help improve community health in a collaborative team-oriented environment, CCHP is the right place for you.

SUMMARY

As a Data Reporting Analyst, this role will design and develop programs and reports in a Microsoft centric environment. Utilizing MS SQL, Access, and Excel, this position will provide accurate end user information based on complex analysis. Must be able to work independently and communicate effectively with the business in a fast paced environment. College degree required, with previous healthcare experience desired.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Primary Accountability:

 Work with business users to review and analyze needs.

 Design and develop programs, reports, and queries as appropriate.

 Build, maintain and troubleshoot SSIS, SSRS, and ETL packages and jobs as needed.

 Work with developers and analysts on appropriate architecture and design of internally developed solutions

 Review, analyze and develop reports on a variety of projects

 Provide professional analytical support to all departments, with a lead role in helping the enrollment, finance, provider network, marketing, and Covered California departments.

 Primary operational accountability for overseeing Covered California enrollment file loading.

 Respond to ad hoc query requests as needed

 Interact daily with I.T. Manager, I.T. staff, and user departments

 Maintains appropriate records, logs and reporting of support activities

 Create and maintain all relevant documentation, including process descriptions, for the areas owned.

 Manage data codesets for test and production systems as directed by the IT manager.

 Other duties as assigned by IT Manager

Systems /Professional Development

 Maintains and develops professional skills through training (both company provided and self- directed), reading pertinent journals, manuals, and documentation, and participating in IT related organizations/user groups

 Provides training and assistance to other IT staff and business users in order to develop/maintain in-house expertise among all staff

QUALIFICATIONS

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field

 Minimum of 3 years of reporting analysis experience

 Work with sensitive information with the highest degree of integrity and confidentiality

 Proficient with MS SQL, Access and Excel

 Knowledge of data warehouse principals, hierarchies and tools

 Healthcare experience a plus

 Ability to provide MS SQL database administration a plus

 Possess good verbal and written communication skills

 Ability to plan and work effectively

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

 Able to lift up to 30 pounds

 Standing, walking and moving 50% of the day.

OIG Compliance Statement:

"Complies with CCHP Compliance Handbook including Code of Ethics and all statues,

regulations and guidelines applicable to federal and state programs. Responsibilities include,

following the guidelines and reporting suspected violations of any statue, regulations, agreements

or guidelines applicable to all healthcare programs."

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Healthcare: 1 year (Preferred)
Reporting Analysis: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
