Bio-Rad is looking for a Procurement Data Analyst. This position supports the Global Procurement team by providing information from Procurement analytics and oversees and supports the Supplier Management Programs described below.

Responsibilities
Oversees the Supplier Risk Assessment Process (SRAP) on an annual basis and then monitors by quarter the completion of approved mitigation plans. Also conducts Dynamic Supply Risk Assessments throughout the year as needed in response to natural disasters, political events and Pandemics.
Supports the GLobal Supplier Audit Program by managing the Program database. Includes Auditor qualifications, audit schedule, audit reports and facilitates the monthly review of the program between Procurement and QA.
Oversees the Conflict Minerals data gathering from suppliers on an annual basis. This program runs from January thru May each year.
Oversees the spend analytics in support of Supplier Diversity Compliance, reported annually to the Federal Government in support of Government Contracts.
Prepares Supply Assurance and OEM Resale Inventory and Scrap data for monthly review.
Maintains the Approved Vendor List, manages changes and reports monthly on the status of the AVL.
Administrator of Procurement software E2open, Assent, Dunn and Bradstreet and holds department License for Alteryx and Windshuttle.
Performs Data Custodian activities for the Vendor Master, Tier 1 and Tier 2 Master Data
Qualifications
Bachelors degree or equivalent in Data Analytics, Business Administration, Information Systems, or related discipline.
3+ years experience managing databases, providing timely user support, and writing reports, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Advanced knowledge of Procurement or Purchasing and supporting Operations and Systems (SAP/PTP, E2open, Taulia, GEP).
Advanced quantitative skills with proficiency in data analysis (SAP/MS Access) modeling (MS Excel), and presenting (MS PowerPoint).
Strong knowledge of data visualization tools such as PowerBI, Tableau and GEP.
Skilled in ETL tools such as SQL, VBA and Alteryx.
Strong interpersonal, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and time management skills.
Ability to take complex information and convey it to various levels of the organization in a clear and concise manner. Ability to create and deliver presentations to technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to explain and teach new data models and functions.
Ability to perform advanced statistical reporting, including skill in composing logical, detailed, and analytical reports.
About Bio-Rad:

Bio-Rad is a global leader providing a broad array of clinical diagnostics and life science research products. With a team of more than 8,000 employees and a global network of operations serving our customers, we help people live longer, healthier lives.

Bio-Rad was founded over six decades ago and has continued to provide the healthcare industry with innovative and useful products that help life science researchers accelerate the discovery process and medical diagnostic labs obtain faster, better results.

EEO/AA Employer/Veterans/Disabled/Race/Ethnicity/Gender/Age

Agency Non-Solicitation:

Bio-Rad does not accept agency resumes, unless the agency has been authorized by a Bio-Rad Recruiting Representative. Please do not submit resumes unless authorized to do so. Bio-Rad will not pay for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
