Creating insights to revolutionize an industry

The opportunity:

Fast, accurate insights are integral in allowing us to fulfill our mission of fixing the user experience in global trade. At Flexport you'll conduct analyses that are at the forefront of reshaping the entire logistics & supply chain industries. You'll work alongside self-starters interested in solving real-world problems and streamlining the inefficiencies in the complex global trade industry. You'll have the opportunity to improve an industry by analyzing the new operating system for global trade.
You will:
Flexport is a company that runs on data - you'll be transforming data into action by working cross-functionally with the entirety of Flexport;
Meet with business stakeholders, understand business requirements, and use your analytic mindset to implement solutions ranging from process improvements to dashboards. Our mantra is to make sure everyone is working smarter rather than just harder;
Rapid prototype new functionality via dashboards to enable new ways of working and discover best practices for workflow management across all of Flexport's departments;
Contribute and grow the culture of excellence on our team by bringing processes and best practices to our group. -
Drive highly visible projects for Flexport
Influence the roadmap for both the Data Analytics department and the stakeholders we support
You should have:
4+ years of experience in a Data Analyst, Business Analyst or similar role using SQL and/or Python/R focused on product analytics;
SQL fluency with experience using a scripting language like Python or R. Strong Excel fundamentals a plus;
Experience building dashboards - you know the trade-offs and impacts of using one metric versus another;
Next level communication skills and empathy to understand and discover business pain points and build solutions to improve the user experience at all levels of the global trade process.
You will get:
Experience at a fast-growing company that lives and breathes data;
The opportunity to define the data science culture on a small but growing analytics team
Meaningful equity
Analytic ownership - discover the highest value-add projects and see them through from ideation to impact.
About Flexport:

We believe global trade can move the human race forward. That's why it's our mission to make global trade easier for everyone. We aim to do this by building the Operating System for Global trade - a strategic model combining advanced technology and data analytics, logistics infrastructure, and supply chain expertise. Flexport today connects almost 10,000 clients and suppliers across 109 countries, including established global brands like Georgia-Pacific as well as emerging innovators like Sonos. Started in 2013, we've raised over $1.3B in funding from SoftBank Vision Fund, Founders Fund, GV, First Round Capital and Y Combinator. We're excited about the three big ways we're moving forward after our recent $1B investment from SoftBank Vision Fund in February 2019.
Worried about not having any freight forwarding experience?
Don't be! We're building the first Operating System for Global Trade. That's why it's incredibly important for us to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the freight forwarding industry forward.
What's freight forwarding and why does it matter? Freight forwarding is the coordination and shipment of goods from one place to another and it's what makes global trade possible. Flexport is on a mission to make global trade easier for everyone because we believe it can help connect the world and break down economic barriers.
We know this industry is complex. That's why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success.
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
