Job Description
Primary Skills: Risk analytics, Bigdata, Tableau, SQL, Finance/Payments, Business Systems Analysis
Duration: 12 Months + (High possibility of conversion*)
Contract Type: W2/C2C

Note: Remote

Overview:
This role is on the Risk Analytics & MIS team, where we have a simple mission: turn massive amounts of data into actionable insights that ensure seamless, secure commerce experiences across client’s physical and digital eco-system. Our analytic and data professionals deliver on this mission by implementing data based solutions, analysis and insights targeted at maintaining security, reducing fraud rates and preserving the integrity of the largest payment processing network in the world.
Data analytics is a critical pillar of the Risk organization. To be successful in this role, you will use strong analytical and leadership skills, contextual business sense and a creative flair to solve real world challenges for client’s and our clients. Your expertise and insights will serve as a beacon to guide business decisions based on data. Directly reports to the Global Head of Risk Analytics & MIS.
Qualifications:
Must have: 8+ years of work experience with a Bachelor's Degree; 7 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters/MBA/JD/MD); or a minimum of 5 years of work experience with a PhD
Preferred:10-12+ years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree (quantitative field preferred) or 10 years of experience with an Advanced Degree (quantitative or business degree highly desirable). Demonstration of progressive success in roles of increasing responsibility.
Expertise in delivering data insights, strategic planning and analytic strategy is highly desirable.
Extensive experience in risk, banking or financial services is required. knowledge of the payments industry is highly desirable.
Risk operations or Risk analytics experience or similar quantitative business responsibility for financial or operational performance highly desirable.
Strong understanding of manipulating data from a variety of sources
Big data experience (Hadoop, Hive, Spark), data visualization experience (Tableau) and/or SQL experience are critical skills – this role is about both doing and delivering
To follow up with any questions please contact Sagar @ 408-907-7680

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
