Role: Business Data Analyst
Location: San Francisco, CA
Contract Position/Full Time Position

Business Data Analyst in terms of Data Standards and Data Migration:
Translating business requirements, process documentation, system/report specifications, integrated data flows and data models into proposed data definitions, metadata specifications, and data variant/dimensional policies creating fit for purpose standards appropriately aligned with industry standards, compliance requirements and internal Data Governance policies and procedures.
Working with sponsors, standards core and governance teams to define stakeholders, propose data standards and adjudicates feedback from stakeholder's previous experience in managing data and developing data standards.
Experience with CDISC, BRIDG, HL7 and other related pharma development data standards Data modeling. Understands the concepts and principles of data modeling and is able to produce relevant data models across multiple subject areas. Understands industry recognized data modeling patterns and standards and when to apply them. Knowledge of data modeling / architecture principles and techniques.
Data Management. Awareness of the key aspects of managing data through its lifecycle, including understanding of data ownership, data quality and associated data governance principles.
Communicating between the technical and the non-technical. Able to listen to the needs of technical and business stakeholders and interpret between them. Regularly manages stakeholders' expectations, providing proactive and reactive communication. Brings strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Analyze business scenarios that may potentially be solved by implementation of automated systems and/or modifications to business processes. Provide expertise in identification, evaluation, design, development, and deployment of systems and/or processes.
Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company.
