and increasing private philanthropy. UDAR provides overall direction for the campus' philanthropic advancement strategies and works to strengthen unit development in partnership with campus fundraisers. The Division handles a range of central activities and services encompassing communications, stewardship, prospect development, gift management, and more.

Advancement Information Services (AIS) develops and delivers the primary business data and systems that support the work of UC Berkeley’s centralized and decentralized fundraising activities. AIS oversees several interrelated information technology systems and tools, including the Cal Advancement Data System (CADS), the database in which advancement professionals research and record fundraising activity. AIS encompasses five units: Advancement Data Quality and Management, Information Technology, Planning and Analysis, Reporting, and Helpdesk.

Information Strategy and Analytics (ISA) provides a broad set of information delivery and analytic tools and services to help fundraising teams across campus operate as data driven programs. As the University embarks on its most ambitious fundraising campaign ever, information delivery and analysis will be one of the most important components of our shared success over the next several years.

The Data Systems Analyst 3 position applies advanced knowledge of data management and data analysis to support the strategic planning and operational effectiveness of key advancement programs, including annual, major, principal, and planned giving; donor engagement and stewardship; volunteer identification and recruitment; and alumni relations. It involves gathering, managing, and evaluating internal and external data using data preparation, predictive modeling, forecasting, and statistical analysis techniques to help identify, classify, understand, engage, and steward constituents of the University of California, Berkeley. It includes planning, designing, developing, implementing and administering databases to acquire, store, and retrieve data; developing solutions to improve information flow and architecture; and identifying new tools and applications to deliver more specifications to meet requestors’ business requirements; validating requirements against needs. The Data Systems Analyst 3 ensures accuracy and completeness of data; establishes and maintains data security. This position is also responsible for developing and maintaining database dictionaries, tables and data elements. The Data Systems Analyst 3 is usually not an application developer.
Responsibilities
Applies professional and broadly defined IT and business analysis and data administration concepts to manage and perform complex assignments.
Provides analysis for complex information requirements and documents those using formal data definition techniques and naming standards.
Creates complex specifications for processes and systems to meet user requirements.
Prepares analysis reports to meet requirements.
Gathers, analyzes, prepares and summarizes information from subject matter experts and technical personnel; summarizes business and user needs, documenting requirements and revising existing system logic difficulties as necessary; and develops recommendations for data management resource plans, including approaches, trends, sources and uses, etc.
Performs complex data management or resource research and studies for a variety of internal department constituents; plans metadata acquisition for sets of unstructured data objects, such as collections of images, documents or recordings.
Under supervision, designs and implements capture of metadata from technical processes such as software design and database management.
Maintains advancement data dictionary
Validates requirements against needs.
Applies professional project management concepts; and is able to apply IT and project management policies and procedures in managing complex assignments.
Implements the project management process in support of the campus' products and services involving departmental or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of new or existing products.
Applies professional project management concepts; and is able to apply IT and project management policies and procedures in managing complex assignments.
Implements the project management process in support of the campus' products and services involving departmental or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of new or existing products.
Required Qualifications
Requires strong knowledge of data management systems, practices and standards.
Must have knowledge relating to logical data design, data warehouse design, data integration or the management of web content or other unstructured data.
Must be able to prepare simple data models unassisted.
Must be familiar with important types of data models, such as logical/relational models, dimensional models and document models.
Must be familiar with data model patterns in one or more common business or academic domains.
Must be familiar with logical data design and data mapping or data conversion.
Must be self-motivated and independent, able to work with a minimum of supervision and able to work well with stakeholders and project staff.
Ability to adapt quickly in a rapidly changing environment.
Ability to prioritize and multi-task across numerous work streams.
Should be familiar with data quality and governance issues and requirements.
Strong analytical and design skills, including the ability to abstract information requirements from real-world processes to understand information flows in computer systems.
Ability to represent relevant information in abstract models.
Critical thinking skills and attention to detail.
Good interviewing and listening skills.
Very good written and oral communication skills.
Education/Training:
Bachelors degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training.
Preferred Qualifications
Familiarity with Higher Education Fundraising preferred.
Advanced Tableau skills preferred.
Salary & Benefits
This is an exempt, monthly paid position. Annual salary is commensurate with experience.

For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit:

https://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html
