Overview

IMPAQ International, a growing and dynamic social science research firm, provides high-quality research and impact evaluation services, policy analysis, survey research, technology solutions, organizational development, technical assistance and consulting services to U.S. and international government agencies, foundations, and the private sector. IMPAQ's mission is to bring together exceptional people to develop innovative and rigorous approaches to evaluate the real-world impact of social policies and programs. IMPAQ has a diverse and collegial work environment and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer (M/F/Disability/Veterans).

Our IMPAQ Health division houses a voluminous and diverse portfolio of health and health economics projects for the Federal Government and other clients. The Senior Data Analyst - Health Care Innovation will participate in research activities such as conducting literature reviews, designing the methodology for the operations and evaluation of alternative payment and delivery models, and conducting big-data analysis of Medicare, Medicaid, and private payer health care claims. Individuals selected for this position will be mentored by our senior health economists.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the U.S. on a full-time basis. Employment-based visa sponsorship (including H-1B sponsorship) is not available for this position.

Responsibilities

Design and conduct research projects, including:
Processing and analyzing large health care related datasets.
Developing methodological designs.
Performing a variety of advanced quantitative analyses.
Writing technical reports and proposals.
Making presentations to government clients.
Qualifications

Education, Knowledge and Experience
MA with 4+ years of experience
Subject matter expertise in health care topics.
Understanding of the complexities associated with the analysis of large health care datasets such as Medicare/Medicaid claims data
Proficiency with Microsoft Office and statistical packages such as SAS, STATA, and R.
Expertise in SQL and Python is a plus
Expertise in quantitative techniques such as econometrics (e.g., multivariate regression analysis), creation of comparison groups, artificial intelligence methods, factor analysis, and small area estimation
Experience preparing reports and proposals.
Experience in process analysis, evaluation, and experimental research design activities.
Skills
Strong quantitative and qualitative skills.
Ability to think strategically about research questions and programs.
Ability to lead major aspects of a project.
Excellent ability to communicate complex technical material, both orally and in writing.
Strong writing and editing skills
Ability to balance multiple priorities and meet critical deadlines.
IMPAQ International, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer (M/F/Disability/Veterans).
