Senior Data Analyst

Powering Performance Marketplaces in Digital Media

QuinStreet is a pioneer in powering decentralized online marketplaces that match searchers and "research and compare" consumers with brands. We run these virtual- and private-label marketplaces in one of the nation's largest media networks.

Our industry leading segmentation and AI-driven matching technologies help consumers find better solutions and brands faster. They allow brands to target and reach in-market customer prospects with pinpoint segment-by-segment accuracy, and to pay only for performance results.

Our campaign-results-driven matching decision engines and optimization algorithms are built from over 20 years and billions of dollars of online media experience.

We believe in:
The direct measurability of digital media.
Performance marketing. (We pioneered it.)
The advantages of technology.
We bring all of this together to deliver truly great results for consumers and brands in the world's biggest channel.

Job Category:

We are looking for an incredibly smart, dynamic and strategic Senior Data Analyst to develop data-driven insights that enable QuinStreet's Marketing and Media teams maximize profitability while improving customer relationships. This role will be concentrating on advancing the growth of a premium product which has already had significant success. You will use statistical methods to extract valuable insights from our data that further growth for the product and ROI for clients. This is a highly visible role within the company, which will come with direct interaction with our CTO and an opportunity to create a strong impact to the business.

Responsibilities:
Data diagnostics - extracting, scrubbing and patching very large sets of data together from a variety of internal and external sources
Reporting - summarizing data and automating reports around campaign performance, which will be utilized frequently in client interactions
Forecasting - generating estimates for new and existing clients relating to site traffic, conversion and pricing
Campaign Optimization - creating hypothesis tests and regression models to continuously calibrate campaign attributes to achieve maximum client spend and ROI
Effectively communicating your insights and findings to other members of our Marketing and Media teams, as well as clients
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in quantitative major like Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Sciences, Computer Science or related
3-4 years of experience in an analytical role, applying statistical methods
Good understanding of statistical methods
Experience with techniques and tools: hands-on experience with quantitative analysis tools like R or Python, proficient in SQL, experience with spreadsheet modeling
Good communication skills: experience presenting and communicating effectively findings to colleagues and/or clients
Outstanding problem-solving skills: you're not just repeating a playbook, you're looking at every problem with fresh eyes, and digging deep for insights and solutions
QuinStreet is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, pregnancy status, sex, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristics protected by law.
