As a Senior Business Data Analyst on our Growth Strategy Team, you will play a pivotal role in identifying trends, developing opportunities and executing initiatives to drive incremental growth. You will take an end-to-end view of business operations and finance, requiring strong data analytics, business intelligence, project management and financial planning capabilities. You will partner with cross-functional teams in the design, planning, implementation, and data analysis of business enhancement for e-commerce, retail and B2B sales channels.This position reports to the Director, Growth Strategy and provides opportunities to work on challenging projects in close collaboration with virtually every team in the company.RESPONSIBILITIES:* Data Analysis: Uncovering new opportunities to optimize and grow the business through data driven insights. Exploring causes or trends to identify problems and developing action plans to address those opportunities. Inform and influence business decisions at client senior management levels through detailed product and sales analysis.* Project Management: Developing and owning project plans and stakeholder engagements for various channel initiatives. Tracking project performance, proactively addressing potential risks and communicating updates to all stakeholders in a timely manner.* Financial Planning: Ensuring annual growth targets are tracked and achieved through, strategic and near-term tactical planning and execution. Using sales data to create tactical action plans and long term business plans. Driving aspects of business segment planning, including internal alignment from the top down, and external alignment with key client leaders.* Reporting: Intensely tracking sales results on a weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual basis. Improving efficiency through the use of automation tools to make information available on an ongoing and real-time basis. Providing summary level trends on a regular basis and detailed trend analysis when necessary.* Field Marketing and Communication: Creating and managing annual marketing plans inclusive of training schedule, incentive contests, POP marketing materials, product fairs, e-learning, etc in partnership with the Channel Marketing and Field teams. Managing activities within budget, proactively communicating with all stakeholders and evaluating ROI of all initiatives.KEY QUALIFICATIONS:* 2-4 years of work experience as a business analyst, data analyst, or similar position* Bachelor's Degree in Business, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field* Prior experience working with SQL, reporting tools (Tableau) and large data volumes* Ability to draw conclusions from raw data then summarize results quickly and efficiently* Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment* Proactive, organized and detail oriented* Analytical with strong writing and presentation skillsSOME OF THE BENEFITS OF WORKING @ SQUARETRADE ARE:* Not feeling stuck! This team has exposure to many different parts of the business, making transitioning easy...we work on developing careers based on what people enjoy!* Competitive salaries, benefits (medical, dental, vision), FlexPTO, 401k matching* Respect for your work-life balance* Free breakfast, weekly lunches and unlimited snacks and drinks* A paid volunteer day to give back to the community* Discounted Gym memberships[1]* Company activities (from happy hours, winery trips, and picnics in the park to running a 5k)Who We Are:SquareTrade is the fastest growing company of its kind. We're revolutionizing a $30b industry with service innovation and attention to customer satisfaction. We partner with some of the largest, most sophisticated retailers and carriers in the world (Walmart, Target, Amazon, Costco, and T-Mobile to name a few), consistently win industry awards, have received tens of thousands of 5-star reviews and we're just getting started. A member of the Allstate family, SquareTrade has headquarters in San Francisco and London.The Team: http://www.squaretrade.com/leadershipSquareTrade is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with the San Francisco FCO
