Sr. Analyst, Financial Data and Reporting
Work Location


CA - Walnut Creek

Job Code

6379

Apply Now

The FP&A team is seeking a highly motivated Sr. Analyst, Financial Data and Reporting, to help our team lead the charge in establishing an analytics driven culture at Central. This position will serve as a data and analytics expert, providing focused reporting, modeling and analysis to support financial decisions and corporate strategy. The Sr. Financial Analyst will also play a key role in financial reporting to management and the Board of Directors, annual budgeting and the monthly forecasting processes. This role will reach across the organization, working closely with the Executive team, segments and business units, and other corporate functions.

The ideal candidate will demonstrate excellent technical, analytical and communications skills and the ability to work independently and collaboratively with varying levels of management across multiple teams.

This is a great opportunity for candidates seeking experience within a dynamic FP&A organization at the center of the Company’s finance function. The FP&A team is committed to ongoing skills development and process excellence.

This position is at our corporate office in Walnut Creek, California. Our office is located just a block from the Pleasant Hill Bart Station and is near great restaurants and the Iron Horse Trail, with a short drive to downtown Walnut Creek. Corporate office employees enjoy a free fitness center, free parking, product discounts, discounted membership at Club Sport and an amazing educational assistance program in addition to great medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance.

Central Garden & Pet Company (NASDAQ: CENT, CENTA) is a leading innovator, producer and distributor of quality branded and private label products for the pet and lawn and garden supplies markets. Please see our website at www.central.com for additional company information.

MEASURES OF SUCCESS
Become the subject matter expert for financial data and reporting at Central.Seek to understand the numerous and various systems and sources of data/information, including the linkages across them and how best to utilize them.This includes training and educating the broader finance organization, when needed, and partnering with IT on any new financial data or analytics projects (e.g. build-out of our new data warehouse, implementation of Tableau, etc.);
Maintain financial reporting, planning and forecast processes (calendars, templates/deliverables, communication), as well as perform total company consolidation, analytics and reporting;
Collaborate with segments/business units and corporate functions to provide financial support, insights and implement process and reporting efficiencies;
Conduct research, analysis, special business-related studies and other projects as requested.
IDEAL CANDIDATE ATTRIBUTES
BS/BA degree required.MBA and/or CPA desired;
A minimum of 4 years experience; experience in the finance and accounting domain is required (Corporate FP&A preferred);
A high degree of intellectual curiosity coupled with a tireless desire to make a difference;
Strategic thinker with strong business acumen and yet great attention to detail;
Strong generalist able to deal with rapidly changing business priorities.
Exceptional analytical skills.Skillful at unearthing data and ability to simplify complex analysis that delivers comprehensive understanding;
Ability to work in a collaborative, team based organization, with strong relationship skills;
Strong project management and presentation skills at a variety of levels;
Computer literacy, and the ability to create complex analysis using Excel and impactful presentations in PowerPoint, are a must;
Experience with SAP, Microsoft Access, relational data bases, reporting packages (e.g. Cognos, Hyperion), and business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) is highly desirable.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law.

#LI-MJ1
All successful applicants should expect to undergo a screening for prohibited levels of drugs prior to beginning employment.
