Chime is the largest and fastest-growing player in the challenger-banking space, providing mobile and online banking technology in the U.S. on behalf of partner banks and facilitating over 10M accounts with no physical branches. We're a technology company relentlessly focused on helping our members achieve financial peace of mind. That's why we offer access to an award-winning bank account that doesn't charge a ton of traditional bank fees, can give members early access to their paychecks, and enables members to grow their savings automatically. And we're just getting started. We are proud of our mission, devoted to our members, and passionate about applying technology to the challenge of making financial health a reality for everyone.We have one of the most experienced management teams in Fintech and have raised over $800M in funding from DST, General Atlantic, Iconiq, Coatue, Dragoneer, Menlo, Access, Forerunner, and others. If you're looking to join a fast-growing company with a beloved, daily-use product and an authentic mission that puts people first, we want to meet you.About the RoleAs a Lead Data Analyst you will be responsible for the success of a consumer product such as SpotMe, working cross-functionally with product, engineering, marketing, research, and design. You'll use data to develop insights, run experiments, and guide decision making with the goal of building products and features to delight and engage our members.Responsibilities* Define key metrics used to measure the success of our products* Build a deeper understanding of user behaviors and identify the corresponding business opportunities for Chime* Partner with product, engineering, marketing, research, and design to translate your data insights into features* Lead experimentation by providing guidance on the experiments that should be run, how they should be run, and evaluating the impact on our key metrics* Foster a data-driven, test-and-learn culture with your passion for telling stories with dataRequirements* A quantitative degree in a field like Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research or Engineering. Advanced degrees preferred.* 5+ years in analytics, leveling will be determined based on experience. B2C product analytics and FinTech experience preferred.* Strong SQL skills - familiarity with window functions would be a good sign.* Exposure to a scripting language like Python or R.* Experience building metric frameworks to understand user behaviors.* Experience with experimentation and statistical analysis used to guide decision making.* Excellent communication skills, a record of working cross-functionally to achieve results.What we offer* Competitive salary based on experience, medical and dental benefits, as well as a 401k match* Free snacks and drinks, plus weekly catered lunches.* Flexible vacation policy.* Monthly happy hours and company events.* A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in FinTech and help create a completely new kind of banking service.We know great work isn't done alone. We're building a team of individuals to Chime in with their different strengths to benefit our employees and members. We strongly believe that different backgrounds and ideas are a competitive advantage; we hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.
