Scientific Business Analyst (PreClinical Data)
South San Francisco, CA
Initial 6-month contact

Career opportunity for the right person:
You will never need to work over-time hours- it is important to the group that everyone has a good work/life balance.
This role has a strong possibility to extend and even eventually convert but you will need to prove you are able to keep up with the fast pace all while working collaboratively.
Many of the veteran Rock Stars in this department started as a contractor.
This department is desperate for help and is always growing talent from within.
Seeking:
Ideal candidate would have a scientific background with a history of working in a preclinical, Biopharma laboratory or similar. Someone who has, more recently, moved into a Business Analyst role. This person would need to have some informatics experience, but we are NOT looking for someone with a heavily technical background at all.

Summary:
Our client is looking for an experienced and talented scientific business analyst to document current and future-state data flows for a wide variety of preclinical safety data. This effort supports the creation of an integrated informatics strategy for the Safety Assessment group.

Main responsibilities you will need to know how to do right off:
Work with the Scientists to gather requirements/information within their business processes, to better understand what the gaps may be and how it relates to the informatics landscape:
Create documentation around the requirements
Create documentation around the process gaps and solution gaps
Create data flows
Make recommendation of what the future strategy might look like
Synthesize the business requirements across different informatics efforts supporting various group within Safety Assessment
Skills:
Minimum: Bachelor's degree in Life Science, Computer Science, or a related field
4 - 6+ years of experience in a biopharmaceutical field
Experience with preclinical safety data (toxicology, pathology, invivo, invitro, imaging etc.)
Basic knowledge of informatics
Experience creating business and data flows using Visio or similar diagramming software
Experience with digital imaging and/or digital pathology strongly preferred
Soft skills as a MUST:
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Enjoys working collaboratively
Are you the right candidate?
Have you ever worked in a preclinical lab?
Are you a Business Analyst with a scientific background?
Do you have SOME Informatics experience (such as data storage solutions and solutions around analytics, dashboarding etc.)?
Do you have a basic understanding of HOW the lifecycle of the data works within a preclinical lab?
Would you be able to speak to Scientists in their language and be able to ask them questions about their processes in order for you to be able to make recommendations about how the team could potentially transfer that into the informatics space?
Would you be knowledgeable and comfortable asking the Scientist questions surrounding their detailed processes?
Can you see yourself being capable of asking these types of questions directly to the scientist? : how are you collecting the various RNA seq data? How are you going to process it? where will you store it? How will you look for the output? How are you going to use differentials?
IF SO, PLEASE APPLY AND SEND AN EMAIL TO bgalley@ascentsg.com for immediate consideration!

Company Description:

About Ascent:

Ascent is a leading national technology consulting and professional services firm that focuses on tactical and strategic consulting. Ascents fundamental business is providing staffing services to Large Enterprise clients in our core market verticals: Financial Services, Healthcare, and Life Sciences. We focus the majority of our efforts in Staff Augmentation support of Large Enterprise Clients who utilize a Vendor Management System. Ascent works as both a reliable supplier in support of programs, as well as a Strategic Advisor in support of enterprise efforts to establish best in class preferred vendor programs. Ascent was ranked in the 2007 and 2008 Inc. 500 and recognized specifically for its innovative work in staff augmentation support of Large Enterprise preferred vendor accounts.

If you are ready to propel your career to new heights read on. We are looking for talented and dedicated colleagues to join our phenomenal team. At Ascent, we have created an environment where culture, commitment and opportunity converge to yield a truly unique place to work. We know that every employee has something important to say and that every employee is integral to our success. Where else can you walk over to a founder and talk about your ideas to help build our business and have that idea implemented in 48 hours? More importantly, we do everything we can to make sure our employees not only have great jobs, but great lives.
