Data Analyst

BCforward is currently seeking highly motivated Data Analyst for an opportunity in Indianapolis, IN 46204.

Position Title: Data Analyst
Location: Indianapolis, IN 46204
Expected Duration: 12 Months contract
Hours: 8:00 to 4:45 pm

Purpose of Position/Summary:
The purpose of this position is to minimize morbidity and mortality associated with COVID-19 among Indiana residents by conducting a broad and complex range of informatics and analytical activities as part of the NBS/Surveillance team. The scope of this position includes but is not limited to surveillance of COVID-19, assistance in surveillance, response, and guidance to other program areas outside of the ERC.

Essential Duties/Responsibilities:
Manage and analyze infectious disease data collected through routine surveillance, public health investigations, and applied epidemiologic studies
Manage and analyze data collected through routine for other client divisions as necessary
Provide consultation and technical assistance to client epidemiologists, local health departments, and the public with respect to infectious diseases or other assigned projects within client
Work directly with programmer and developer staff on making system improvements
Assist client epidemiologist in conducting data analysis
Assist in the development of program logic models and quality improvement projects
Prepare and disseminate written and oral reports and presentations that communicate necessary information to internal and external partners
Participate in writing grants and other funding proposals
Serve as a backup to other data analysts
Perform related duties as assigned.
Education:
A master's degree in a relevant field (e.g., public health, biological sciences, statistics, etc.) and 2 years' relevant experience, OR
A doctoral-level degree in epidemiology or another relevant field, OR
A graduate or professional degree in a health-related field (e.g., RN, MD/DO, DDS/DMD, DVM, PhD, RS) with specific epidemiology training (e.g., MPH degree, CDC Epidemic Intelligence Service, or CSTE Applied Epidemiology Fellowship), OR
A bachelor's degree in a relevant field and 4 years of relevant public health experience.
Knowledge, skills, and abilities:
Expertise in software or languages use to manipulate and analyze data, including SQL and either Python or R
Experience analyzing datasets and querying databases
Cursory experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Strong understanding of machine learning concepts and tools
Knowledge of state laws and regulations as well as federal public health guidance documents pertaining to infectious diseases
Skill in identification of public health problems pertinent to Indiana residents
Skill in managing large complex datasets, data cleaning, and conducting common and descriptive and statistical analyses
Demonstrated attention to detail and organization
Able to communicate effectively with a variety of team members including epidemiologists, public health staff, developers/programmers, and other project personnel.
About BCforward:
BCforward began as an IT business solution and staffing firm. Founded in 1998, BCforward has grown with our customers' needs into a full-service personnel solution's organization. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, BCforward also operates numerous delivery centers across North America and India. We are currently the largest consulting firm and largest MBE certified firm in Indiana. Our uninterrupted growth has allowed BCforward to deliver uniquely configured IT staffing and project solutions for over the years of catering to our customers' specific needs. BCforward currently maintains a team of over 5000 global resources. With our additional brand, Stafforward, together we have the capabilities to deliver services for a variety of industries in both public and private sectors which allows us to address your most challenging needs.

www.BCforward.com

www.facebook.com/bcforward
We must inform you that during the hiring process, we may ask for you to disclose and provide us with various categories of your personal information, including identifiers such as your name and address, professional information, commercial information, education information, and other related information. Please note that we will only use this information to facilitate and complete the recruiting process. This posting is not an offer of employment. All applicants must be authorized to work in the United States and willing to cooperate with a background check and drug screen, to the extent permitted by federal and local laws up to and including both criminal and financial reviews. The submission of intentionally false or fraudulent information in response to this job posting shall render the applicant ineligible for the position. BCforward is an equal opportunity employer. Any subsequent offer of employment shall be considered employment at will regardless of the anticipated assignment duration.

Interested candidates please send resume in Word format Please reference job code 108950 when responding to this ad.
