At Remitly, we help immigrant communities around the world send $6 billion a year to their loved ones. Sending money is faster, easier, and costs less with our all-digital money transfer platform. We want to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial service products on the planet. At Remitly, your work has a direct and positive impact on people around the globe. Your work matters, every day.

The Role:

The North America Product team at Remitly is in charge of optimizing our customer experience through a test and learn agenda. As a Senior Product Analyst on this team, you will work with product managers, engineers, and UX designers to guide product improvements for our customers. You will propose data-driven hypotheses to improve our customer experience, design and analyze A/B tests. The quantitative insights you bring will have an out-sized impact on the business. You will report directly to our Director of Product Analytics.

What You'll Do:
You will uncover product insights in our conversion funnel, with the goal of increasing healthy customer conversion by increasing our new customer adoption rates and monthly active customers.
You will visualize a quantitative view of the performance of our customer acquisition and onboarding funnel that results in applicable analysis.
You ask, "Why?" and question the status quo. You view unexpected data results as a puzzle to be solved, a challenge that you accept.
You can explain the methods behind your analyses and validate your results. Once you have data to support your ideas, you're willing to advocate for and move your recommendations forward.
About you:
Bachelor's degree in a technical, business, or quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or related field).
Minimum five years of relevant experience in a product or customer analytics role.
Experience designing and analyzing A/B experiments and are comfortable with basic statistical techniques
Experience working at startups or large consumer internet/technology companies
Experience with technical skills (e.g. SQL, R, Python) and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)
Our Benefits:
Unlimited paid time off
Health, dental, and vision benefits + 401k plan with company matching
Company contributions to your HSA or FSA plan, if you choose one
Continuing education and corridor travel benefits
Scholars program
Remitly is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal employment opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental principle at Remitly. We are committed to nondiscrimination across our global organization and in all of our business operations. Employment is determined based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honorably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including a woman's potential to get pregnant, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability (including the use of a trained dog guide or service animal), HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.

Remitly is an E-Verify Employer
