Business Intelligence
Franciscan Alliance
1500 Albany Street
Beech Grove, IN 46107
Days
Full-Time
Bachelor's Preferred
WHAT WE NEED
Healthcare Data Analyst
WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR
Executes a variety of complex analytical exercises to provide operations, Quality and medical management with actionable, high quality quantitative information that drives effective business decision making, enables interpretation of current, past and future performance, and identifies opportunities to improve patient quality of care. Analyzes the root cause of any identified opportunities and present the story to business decision makers to take appropriate actions using PPTs and dashboards.
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Conduct rigorous data mining and statistically sound analytical analyses to develop and report high quality actionable and quantitative information that will drive effective and integrated business decision making, enable interpretation of performance trends
Identify new opportunities to reduce unnecessary medical and administrative costs.
Create dynamic and highly effective methods of data delivery and provide critical and insightful data.
Coordinate with line and support functions to provide the analytical support to critical operational effectiveness initiatives and to identify new opportunities for improvement.
Develop expertise, thought leadership in the area of analytics, business intelligence and reporting, and provide new and innovative approaches to business data analysis and interpretation.
Develop and execute presentations, reports and dashboards for middle and senior management use. Continuously improve the delivery of process performance information to all business partners.
Utilizes SQL, SAS, Tableau, R, etc. languages and technologies for the purpose of extracting and processing data for the business’s analytical needs.
Works with Project Manager to ensure a review and tracking process exists throughout the project life-cycle.
Recommends process improvement opportunities.
Performs related duties, as required.
WHAT IT TAKES TO SUCCEED
ACO claims data – Knowledge of Accountable Care Organization (ACO) claims data
EPIC data models – Knowledge of Epic data modelling
Analytical Software Knowledge – Demonstrated knowledge of analytical software
SAS – Demonstrated knowledge and use of SAS analytics software
Databases & SQL – Demonstrated knowledge and use of databases and SQL
Tableau - Demonstrated knowledge and use of Tableau
EPIC (Clarity / Caboodle) Expertise

WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR

5-10 Years Experience; 5 Years Experience in this position specialty

License(s):

Certification(s):

Travel: Up to 20%

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

It is the policy of Franciscan Alliance to provide equal employment to its employees and qualified applicants for employment as otherwise required by an applicable local, state or Federal law.

Franciscan Alliance reserves a Right of Conscience objection in the event local, state or Federal ordinances that violate its values and the free exercise of its religious rights.

Franciscan Alliance is committed to equal employment opportunity.

INFORMATION SERVICES
