Summary:

Want to join one of the nation's best employers? Interested in providing small and medium sized businesses with solutions that make them grow? Do you like serving customers and care about people? Then maybe Heartland is for you:

We're looking for team members who are excited by our mantra - Entrepreneurs Respectfully Serving Entrepreneurs, and who want to work in a culture built on care, focus and quality.

We need customer-focused, can-do, team-oriented folks who are ok with having fun.

The Sr. Data Analyst will be primarily responsible for supporting the leaders of Heartlands Operations teams with business process improvement, data analysis, and developing business intelligence (BI) tools. The Sr. Data Analyst will work to gather, analyze, and translate data that has been collected regarding Heartlands initiatives and production into a format to enable better business decisions.

Job Details:

What will you be doing?
Coordinate with leadership team to identify critical data to capture and report on
Consolidate and summarize data for business decision making and continuous improvements
Create graphical representations of data/analysis for easy consumption
Perform statistical analysis (correlation, regression, or time series analysis)
Inspect and cleanse data for accuracy and quality
Some data ETL/ELT responsibilities as needed
Other responsibilities as assigned
Core Competencies:
Strong understanding of reporting requirements and structural hierarchies for reporting in a collaborative environment. Query, analyze and transform complex data sets to optimize dashboard flexibility and performance.
Rationalize and identify use cases for developing data visualization, including identifying different personas for each use case.
The Sr. Data Analyst will work with large amounts of data: facts, figures, and number crunching. The candidate will need to see through the data and analyze it to find conclusions. One needs to be strong in logic and mathematics.
Communication Skills: Sr. Data Analyst will be expected to present their findings or translate the data into an understandable document. This candidate will need to write and speak clearly, easily communicating complex ideas. Needs to possess the ability to work in a team environment as well as individually.
Critical Thinking: Sr. Data analyst must look at the numbers, trends, and data and come to conclusions based on the findings.
Presentation Skills: Ability to organize data and supporting information into visual representations that allow consumers to easily dissect and make decisions based on data provided.
Attention to Detail: Data is precise. Data analysts have to make sure they are vigilant in their analysis to come to correct conclusions. Must make every effort not to only meet but also preempt customer needs.
Strong experience with hands-on building and deploying Tableau, Qlik, PowerBI or Spotfire data visualizations and dashboards
Understand foundational concepts of data visualization. Thoughtfully connects these concept business metrics and KPIs to achieve business goals.
Experience in relational database concepts with a solid knowledge of SQL Server
Microsoft Office Products: Advanced level with Excel, PowerPoint, and Word.
Education/Experience
Position requires knowledge typically associated with a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Economics, Business, Mathematics, Statistics, related technical field, or equivalent work experience.
4+ years of applicable experience as a Data Analyst or similar role
Understanding of the Bankcard Industry or Commission Based Sales is a plus.
Preferred Qualities:
Motivated self-starter
Detail oriented
Cautious
Consistent
Well Spoken
Tenacious
Ability to manage a project
Heartland Qualities:
Uncompromising honesty
Approachable and willing to offer helpful solutions
Ability to search relentlessly for better solutions
Must handle constructive feedback well
Global Payments Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.

Global Payments provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by law. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.
