Under moderate technical direction, the Sr. Data Analyst will be responsible for assembling heterogenous data in a meaningful way through their understanding of data quality, data relationships, and the available data sources across enterprise domains. This role has knowledge of source systems and representative domain data to draw meaningful insights that support data quality programs and/or policyholder sales, service or profitability insights and other data initiatives. The role will be a business user with good analytical and business intelligence (BI) skills who interprets data and trends to support business initiatives and activities. Will work within specific limits and authority on assignments of moderate technical complexity.Key Job Responsibilities and Accountabilities:Under moderate technical direction, analyzes data translation and process requirements. Designs and prototypes data translations for use within respective business area systems. Gathers data transformation and quality requirements; defines, develops, configures/modifies and documents necessary translation rules. Researches data and processing issues and provides input into data quality improvements. Works with business area groups to develop detailed specifications, gap analyses, and potential process change requirements for data transformations Cooperates and interacts with project team members and contractors to take positive action and accountability for assigned work; grows business relationships that are important to the success of projects. Performs algorithmic data compilation and analysis. Provides input into analysis and insights of data requirements, data quality, data collections, etc. Performs analysis and identifying trends defined in the requirements such as weekly, quarterly and annual trends for customer churn. Identifying patterns and helping the business react to changing business conditions. Performs root cause analysis. Identifies data anomalies and communicating back to the data stewards. Presents results to the business unit leader in a preferred tool (such as Office suite, BI report or dashboard).Skills, Knowledge, and Abilities:Good working knowledge of BI and analytics. Good knowledge of structured data, such as entities, classes, hierarchies, relationships and metadata. Knowledge of database management system (DBMS) physical implementation, including tables, joins and SQL querying. Ability to combine data from multiple sources when needed for the analysis. Good familiarity with the use cases, business purposes and quality of the data. Good verbal and written communication skills. Explains complex information in relatively straightforward situations. Collaborative, cooperative and team oriented. Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including management, peers, and other departments. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks within expectations and balancing multiple priorities. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite and other business-related software.Education and Experience:Bachelor's degree, in a related discipline; or equivalent experience required. Typically has a minimum of three years of related work experience. Previous financial industry experience is a plus.
