Position Summary

We are looking for an intellectually curious, collaborative Business Data Analyst who has a proven track record of combining statistics and business acumen to help business partners make informed decisions. As a Business Data Analyst, you will work closely with clients to define the business problem and desired outcomes, develop targeted marketing lists, track and analyze the performance of marketing campaigns, and support member acquisition and loyalty efforts. A successful candidate will be a problem solver who obsesses over data, is excited by difficult modeling challenges, and possess strong communication skills to effectively interface between technical and business teams. This is a full-time position (45+ hours per week) and occasional travel may be required.

Job Duties/Essential Functions
Develops, evaluates, and reports targeted marketing strategies and initiatives.
Conducts exploratory data analysis and prepares visualizations.
Translates business and strategic insights into actionable recommendations to the management team.
Creates, tests, and implements statistical models to solve specific business problems.
Develops test/control and A/B tests, ensuring statistically meaningful results.
Writes and optimizes complex SQL based queries to build analytic data sets for both exploration and modeling.
Develops a wide variety of models to predict and better understand customer behavior.
Curates data sets to enable self-service BI within other marketing groups.
Performs ad hoc analyses related to member purchasing, lifecycle, acquisition, and engagement.
Identifies process and system improvement opportunities by monitoring existing metrics, analyzing data and partnering with internal teams as needed.
Enables effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable format.
Develops and maintains strong working relationships with internal business partners and external vendors, to improve list targeting strategies and make recommendations.
Conducts, develops, and manages qualitative research based projects (e.g. surveys and other potential methods) to inform marketing strategy.
Identifies and recommends new member acquisition and loyalty channels to test.
Identifies strategic opportunities to maximize returns in pursuit of Costco's Marketing and company goals.
Participates in selecting and implementing tools and processes for the department.
Maintains current knowledge of marketing, direct marketing, marketing research, and data science trends.
Regular and reliable workplace attendance at your assigned location.
Ability to operate vehicles, equipment or machinery.
Computer, phone, headset, fax, copier, printer
Non-Essential Functions
Assists in other areas of the department as necessary.
Assists in other areas of the company as necessary.
Ability to operate vehicles, equipment or machinery.
Computer, phone, headset, fax, copier, printer
Experience, Skills, Education & Licenses/Certifications

Required:
BA in Statistics, Analytics, Marketing (or similar field) or equivalent work experience.
Strong ability to utilize analytical, math and statistics techniques to measure performance, interpret data, identify risks, and evaluate opportunities. (Will be tested.)
Intermediate to advanced proficiency with software such as MS Excel, Google Spreadsheet, and Tableau, to perform calculations, organize and format information, create visualizations/dashboards, etc.
Intermediate level fluency in relational database structure, marketing data management tools and principles, SQL based programs and word processing and presentation software (e.g. MS Word and PowerPoint).
Proficiency with programs such as Alteryx to extract data, automate workflows and reports, and create statistical models.
Ability to use data to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses.
Ability to think creatively to provide meaningful analysis despite imperfectly defined questions.
Strong understanding of direct marketing methodology and response measurement.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate technical information in non-technical ways, through summaries, tables, charts, graphs, presentations, etc.
Extremely detail-oriented, with strong quantitative modeling and statistical analysis skills.
Experience in database marketing, market research, or marketing analytics including managing large data sets, developing A/B tests, creation of list segments, and producing ad hoc reports.
Strong work ethic and proven ability to prioritize and meet deadlines amidst rapidly change and shifting priorities.
Strong project management skills.
Accountable team player with a positive, constructive and results-oriented mindset.
Resourceful, self-motivated and able to work independently.
Ability to work occasional weekends.
Recommended:
3+ years' of work experience.
Experience building complex data visualizations.
Experience with machine learning algorithms and optimization techniques.
Experience with applied time series modeling or machine learning forecasting applications.
Ability to assimilate new ideas and information quickly to successfully recommend actions using objective data.
Experience or training in Marketing Research methods (e.g. survey design, consumer studies).
Knowledge and experience with mailing data services process.
Creative in finding new solutions/designing innovative methods, systems and processes.
Other Conditions
Management will review the Job Analysis for this position prior to a job offer.
Required Documents
Cover letter
Resume
To Apply: Please submit the required documents in ONE attachment to Kim Smith, kimsmith@costco.com

Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States.
