Geotab, a global leader in IoT and connected transportation, is one of the
fastest-growing technology companies in North America and a certified Grea
Place to Work. Each day, Geotab processes billions of data points from ove
2 million connected vehicles, extracting actionable insights to help empower
businesses to better manage their fleets. Recognized as the world s #1
commercial telematics provider, Geotab s solutions are used by more than
40,000 customers in over 130 countries around the globe. Geotab understands
that telematics is critical to helping create safer and more sustainable
drivers, businesses and communities and actively works to help businesses
improve driver behavior, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and create safer roads
for all. Global demand for telematics is increasing and Geotab is leading the
way. Are you ready to join us? To see what it s like to be a Geotabber,
follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook today!

Who_We_Are_Looking_For

We are looking for Data Scientists who can help us discover value out of our
rich and large datasets. Our ideal team member will have the mathematical and
statistical expertise you d expect, but a natural curiosity and creative mi
that s not so easy to find. As you mine, interpret and clean our data, we
will rely on you to ask questions, connect the dots and uncover opportunities
that lie hidden within, all with the ultimate goal of realizing the data s
full potential. You will join a team of data specialists, but will slice a
dice data using your own methods, creating new visions for the future. If
you are a Data Scientist or a Data Science aspirant who knows how to extract
meaning from and interpret data - we would like to hear from you!

What_Are_The_Details_Of_This_Position

As a Data Scientist you will be a crucial part of producing innovative
analytics from Geotab s big data environment. Geotab s systems process
40 billion data records per day from over 2 million vehicles in 100+ countries
across the globe. We believe that there is collective value in the massive
amount of data arising from all of our sensors across the globe. And most
importantly, we believe this data can be used to improve safety,
infrastructure, and productivity for our customers. You will work with our team
of data scientists and engineers who have curated our data repository and have
created a series of near real-time and historical datasets categorized under
Weather, Urban Infrastructure and Location Analytics. You will leverage data
mining techniques, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Neural Networks and other
Artificial Intelligence and statistical analysis tools to build models and high
quality prediction systems to help our customers make informed and smarter
decisions. You will work closely with Data Analysts, Data Engineers,
Professional Services, Data Privacy & Governance, firmware as well as other
internal departments such as Software Development and Solutions Engineering to
achieve these objectives.

Geotab Data Scientists share a common passion for finding simple solutions for
complex problems. You do too!

Our_Technology_Stack

We leverage the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) as our big-data environment. Most
of our development work happens in Python, leveraging various big data and data
science tools in GCP (e.g. Dataflow) as well as from the open-source community
(e.g. JupyterLab).

Python Modules : numpy, scipy, theano, keras, pytorch, pandas, matplotlib,
xgboost, scikit-learn, nltk, seaborn, networkx, osmnx

Big Data Tools : JupyterLab, TensorFlow, Apache Spark , Beam, Dataflow, Airflow

Google BigQuery, Kafka, Kubernetes

PostgreSQL

Duties_And_Tasks/Essential_Functions
o Interact with Geotab s BigData Infrastructure on Google Bigquer
using Python and SQL
o Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for
analysis
o Select features and build and optimize classifiers using machine
learning techniques
o Use machine learning packages like scikit-learn and Tensorflow to
develop ML models, features for ML models and visualize features
o Interface with product managers, data engineers and software
developers to gather requirements
o Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics,
reports, analysis, dashboards, etc and deliver complete analytics/
reporting solutions to drive key business decisions
o Use data mining, model building, and other analytical techniques to
develop and maintain customer segmentation and predictive models
o Make recommendations for new metrics, techniques, and strategies to
improve Geotab product suite
o Support a platform providing ad-hoc and automated access to large
datasets

Experience/Skills_Required
o Graduate or Postgraduate Degree in Computer Science, Software/
Electronics/Electrical Engineering or any other related field
o We welcome applicants from a range of experience levels with
excellent understanding of Python and SQL
o Experience with using parallelization tools like Apache Beam and
Spark, and scheduling tools like Airflow is nice to have
o Advanced pattern recognition and predictive modeling or Graph Data
Modeling experience is a bonus
o Experience with developing machine learning models and in feature
engineering is a plus
o Experience working with Google Compute Engine and Google Bigquery
is nice to have
o A keen interest to make a positive impact in the community that we
live in by developing data driven smart city insights and urban
analytics

What makes our staff passionate about Geotab?

Table Tennis at the office - bring your own bat!

Great accommodation (brand new office building, height-adjustable desks)

Light breakfast served daily

Hot lunches or fresh sandwiches served every Friday

Geotab-sponsored sports teams and social events

Full medical benefits and 4% company matching RSP (full-time employees only)

Our_Core_Values

Geotab is shaping the future of telematics. Using leading technology, we
embrace change and challenge the status quo. To stay ahead of the curve, we
keep Geotabbers energized with data bootcamps, course subsidies, Friday
lunches, and more. We believe collaboration leads to innovation; our teams
stretch across floors, cities and continents. All employees, from the CEO to
the summer students, maintain an open-door policy. Whether we re fine-tunin
our products, or boosting our office culture, we re building a foundation f
long-term success. To us, this means safer roads, more efficient fleets and a
team of dynamic Geotabbers!

Geotab encourages applications from all qualified candidates. Geotab is
committed to accommodating persons with disabilities throughout the interview,
selection and employment process. If you require accommodation at any stage of
the application process or want more information about our accommodation
policies and practices, please contact us at (416) - 434 4309.
