LendingTree COVID-19 Hiring Update:
Through these uncertain times, our team is dedicated to your safety while still providing an excellent new hire experience. Our Recruiting Operations and Technology teams have created solutions to effectively bring you on-board remotely and will have you set up for success in a virtual work environment. We feel incredibly lucky that we can continue our growth and have an incredible team that is making joining us so seamlessly. Thank you for your patience, and we look forward to meeting you in person once we can do so safely!
RESPONSIBILITIES
Take ownership of data analysis activities and work closely with end users (both internal and external clients) to translate requirements into data-driven applications and data visualization solutions (e.g. reporting and dashboards)
Create near real-time reporting solutions blending data from multiple sources
Assist the team in the production of analytic products (e.g., reports, data analyses)
Perform complex data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities
Interpret data using statistical techniques
Maintain and monitor reporting tools in Power BI, Spotfire etc.
Work with management to prioritize business information needs
Effectively work with business users and product owners to clarify project requirements and provide project estimates
Collaborate with others on developing predictive models
Collaborate effectively with Engineers, Data Scientists, and Product Owners to implement project work you're doing
Craft and maintain technical documents
Participate in on-call rotation for off-hours support
Perform complex data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities
Lead product roadmap creation for BI to define the capabilities of the platforms and services and delivery timelines
Identify and drive initiatives for improving team performance
QUALIFICATIONS
10+ years of experience in data warehousing, ETL development, and analytics.
Hands-on experience with BI tools and reporting software (e.g. MicroStrategy, Tableau, Power BI, Excel)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Understanding of dimensional database modeling.
Excellent data presentation skills, utilizing dashboards and other technologies.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to design and implement projects with minimal guidance.
Experience with Agile methodologies.
Adept at querying, report writing and presenting findings
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
M.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent
Experience working with SQL Server, Azure, and Snowflake
Experience writing and debugging complex SQL queries
Experience with source control ( git preferred )
COMPANYLendingTree is the nation's largest online lending marketplace. That means we connect customers with multiple lenders so they find the best deals on loans, credit cards, savings accounts and insurance. Our goal is to help people save money, and we believe the best way to do that is by giving them a way to shop for loans and compare lenders so they make their best financial choices. Our CEO Doug Lebda founded the company in 1996 after a frustrating house-hunting experience. In those days, we mostly helped people find good mortgage deals. Now, we help consumers find their best in personal loans, auto loans, business loans, student loans, credit cards, savings accounts, home equity loans and more. What else you should know:
We're a publicly-traded company (TREE).
We've welcomed several other companies into the LendingTree family to augment our efforts at helping borrowers make their most sensible financial choices.
We've built the LendingTree app and My LendingTree dashboard to give consumers tools to manage and monitor their financial health.
We still make funny commercials.CULTURE We're a fast-paced company with an entrepreneurial bend. We work hard and test our products often. We're collaborative, ambitious, candid and high-energy. Our teammates are some of the brightest, most talented people you'll ever work with. We care more about your smarts than we do about the kinds of clothes you wear (but please, do wear clothes to work!), and we're pretty good about rewarding innovation, creativity and the knack for just getting stuff done (we even have an award for employees called the GSD, Get Stuff Done). Come work with us!
LendingTree is the kind of company that not only promotes diversity and inclusion; we thrive because of these values. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion (or creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation or military status.
