Summary of Duties:
Responsible for installation and implementation of the Subex ROC® Revenue Assurance program with telecommunications customers.
Responsible for troubleshooting issues related to Hadoop environment setup and integration with Subex ROC® Revenue Assurance product.
Support the creation of key performance indicators and controls across various areas to ensure the Revenue Assurance program operates as designed, ensuring accuracy of revenue streams and identification and elimination of revenue leakage events.
Provide testing and troubleshooting on software issues and malfunctions.
Serve as technical support on the Revenue Assurance product.
Perform regular analysis and review of the installed Revenue Assurance product to ensure it operates as functioned.
Additional experience to include: work experience in areas of Hadoop Platform, Subscription Assurance, Usage integrity, Billing and Settlement, Roaming; work experience with trouble shooting Hadoop environment, Cluster configuration and setup related issues, script developments in Oracle, SQL Server, UNIX and Microsoft Jscript; development and maintenance; work experience with enterprise database, reporting, and server software; and work experience with core business processes, controls, standards, and systems in the telecommunications industry. Having reporting and analysis, preferably with Qlikview or Tableau.

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field

Benefits: Our employees are offered many fantastic benefits such as medical, vision, dental insurance, and flex spending accounts. We also provide life, short, and long-term disability insurance at no cost to employees. The 401k program is matched at $0.50 on the dollar up to 6% and it is 100% vested immediately.

Vacation is accrued per pay period for a total of 3 weeks per year and employees also receive 16 hours personal time and 40 hours sick time per year (pro-rated if joining mid-year). We also allow for vacation balance borrowing for those who have things scheduled shortly after joining.

About Us: Subex is a pioneer in enabling Digital Trust for businesses across the globe. Founded in 1992, Subex has spent over 25 years in helping global Communications Service Providers maximize their revenues and profitability. With a legacy of having served the market through its world-class solutions for business optimization and analytics, Subex is now leading the way by enabling all-round Digital Trust in the business ecosystems of its customers. Focusing on privacy, security, risk mitigation, predictability and data integrity, Subex helps businesses embrace the disruptive changes in the business landscape and succeed with Digital Trust.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Bellevue, WA 98006 (Required)
