THE POSITIONYou absolutely love data (unstructured and structured), testing hypotheses, and arriving at data-driven recommendations that have an immediate impact on the business. You have a strong business insight and exceptional critical thinking that you employ to turn data insights into strategic action. You are passionate about communicating insights as much as you are about discovering them in the first place. You constantly ask questions about how to use analytics to improve the business and constantly make impactful strategic decisions. You have a passion for marketing and a desire to use data to optimize performance. You enjoy collaborating with teams across digital and traditional channels to understand and support their goals.RESPONSIBILITIES* Perform data analysis activities and work closely with end users (both internal and external clients) to translate requirements into data-driven applications and data visualization solutions (e.g. reporting and dashboards)* Create near real-time reporting solutions blending data from various sources* Assist the team in the production of analytic products (e.g., reports, data analyses)* Interpret data using statistical techniques* Maintain and monitor reporting tools in Power BI, Spotfire etc.* Work with management to prioritize business information needs* Collaborate effectively with Engineers, Data Scientists, and Product Owners to implement project work and develop predictive models.* Craft and maintain technical documents* Participate in on-call rotation for off-hours support* Engage in product roadmap creation for BI to define the capabilities of the platforms and services and delivery timelines* Identify and drive initiatives for improving team performanceQUALIFICATIONS* 10+ years of experience in data analysis, data visualization, ETL, and analytics.* Hands-on experience with BI tools and reporting software (e.g. MicroStrategy, Tableau, Power BI, Excel)* Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, prioritize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy* Understanding of dimensional database modeling.* Excellent data presentation skills, utilizing dashboards and other technologies.* Excellent verbal and written communication skills.* Ability to design and implement projects with minimal guidance.* Experience with Agile methodologies.* Adept at querying, report writing and presenting findingsPREFERRED EXPERIENCE* M.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent* Experience working with SQL Server, Azure, and Snowflake* Experience writing and debugging complex SQL queries* Experience with source control ( git preferred )COMPANYQuoteWizard, a LendingTree company, provides end-to-end solutions for insurance shoppers and agents alike. That's why over 40 million people have used QuoteWizard to lower their rates. When you think of insurance, think of QuoteWizard.What you should know about LendingTree, our parent company:* We're a publicly-traded company (TREE).* We've welcomed several other companies into the LendingTree family to augment our efforts at helping borrowers make their most sensible financial choices.* We've built the LendingTree app and My LendingTree dashboard to give consumers tools to manage and monitor their financial health.* We still make funny commercials.CULTUREWe're a fast-paced company with an entrepreneurial bend. We work hard and test our products often. We're collaborative, ambitious, candid and high-energy. Our teammates are some of the brightest, most talented people you'll ever work with. We care more about your smarts than we do about the kinds of clothes you wear (but please, do wear clothes to work!), and we're pretty good about rewarding innovation, creativity and the knack for just getting stuff done (we even have an award for employees called the GSD, "Get Stuff Done").Come work with us!QuoteWizard by LendingTree is the kind of company that not only promotes diversity and inclusion; we thrive because of these values. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion (or creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation or military status.
