Amazon Web Services provides a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world. To meet the growing demand for AWS Services across the globe, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. If you have excellent organizational and communication skills, a passion for working in a fast paced, dynamic environment and a desire to provide exceptional customer service, we'd like to speak with you! Here's your chance to join our Training & Certification team working as a Partner Training Operations Manager.

The successful candidate will possess the ability to take the initiative to complete complex tasks and projects quickly and autonomously, react with appropriate urgency to situations that require a quick turnaround, switch gears at a moment's notice, and take effective action without having to know the total picture. This role will be pivotal in supporting the AWS training of partners in the AWS Partner Network (APN), which is the global partner program. It is focused on helping partners build a successful AWS-based business by providing great business, technical, professional services, marketing, and GTM support. This role will focus on the business analytics for skills development and training plans for these APN partners.
In this role, you will work closely with our regional Partner Enablement managers, Partner Training Managers, and APN stakeholders to support training programs that will drive adoption and usage of AWS services. You will assist them by creating tools, reports, resources and processes to understand partner training requirements and manage the flawless execution of training plans. This is a great opportunity to combine your passion for business development, learning and technology.

You will have excellent communication and proven data analytic skills, ideally in the IT Training sector. To be successful in this position, you must be a self-starter who is prepared to Think Big and Dive Deep.

There is a strong preference for this role to be based in Seattle, WA or Denver, CO

Responsibilities:
Engage Partner Enablement Managers globally by turning data into actionable insights and providing support for strategic initiatives.
Establish mechanisms to scorecard regional tracking against training goals, program utilization, and revenue.
Create global resources, tools and communications to support regional Partner Training Managers.
Support APN and Partner Training teams with customized reporting.
Proactively collaborate with AWS Partner Organization and capture requirements in the region that can be developed into scalable training programs; be a voice for the partner team and their partners.
Gain a comprehensive knowledge of Partner training programs, T&C (Training and Certification) training offerings, course roadmap, funding programs, Partner programs, and course objective/overview to be a trusted advisor to partners.
Use data analytics and reporting to make business decisions and coordinate schedules for ILT events, manage event planning, working closely with partner teams.
Drive awareness of new or updated Partner training information for AWS Partner facing teams and AWS Partner community through established platforms.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Technology, or a similar discipline with analytical bias
2+ years of relevant work experience as a data scientist, statistician, or similar position requiring analysis, statistics, machine learning, and data science.
3+ years demonstrated project management skills across multiple projects
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization and reporting tools (e.g. Tableau)
Ability to distill problem definitions, models, and constraints from informal business requirements
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
