The Specialty Recruiting Programs and Operations team builds innovative programs, drives the business operations, and develops standard operations for the Executive, Principal Engineering, and Senior Science and Design Recruiting Teams who help Amazon business teams worldwide find diverse, bar-raising and talented leaders.

The team is looking for a business analyst to support operational planning, business results reviews, and workforce capacity planning and load balancing. A successful candidate is able to roll-up their sleeves and dive deep into an ambiguous environment and instill proper levels of structure and control. They will be passionate about their work, detail-oriented, analytical, and have excellent problem-solving abilities. They will use Excel, SQL, and Amazon QuickSight to build customer-centric, sustainable, and scalable tools that empower internal stakeholders with data to drive decisions and initiatives

In this role the candidate will need to collaborate effectively with internal end-users and cross-functional data teams to solve problems, implement new reporting solutions, and deliver successfully against high standards. They will have excellent business acumen and communication skills in order to be able to work with business leaders and across geographies, to develop and define key business questions, work with teams to set up the right data structure and collect information, and design the analysis model that answers these questions.
Basic Qualifications
Masters with 2+ years of experience or a Bachelors with 5+ years of experience in business intelligence, analytics, or related field
Advanced Excel expertise
Experience SQL and data visualization tools such as Tableau/QuickSight/PowerBI
Track record of diving into data to discover hidden patterns and of conducting error/deviation analysis.
Proficiency with quantitative analysis and databases.
Strong verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively develop and communicate clear, thoughtful, and comprehensive analyses.
Proven records in managing customers expectations in the field of analytics.
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
