Posting Number G/R02218P
Working Title Student Data Analyst
Department Auxiliary Parking Admin
About the University of Georgia

The University of Georgia (UGA), a land-grant and sea-grant university with statewide commitments and responsibilities is the state’s oldest, most comprehensive, and most diversified institution of higher education (http://www.uga.edu/). UGA is currently ranked among the top 20 public universities in U.S. News & World Report. The University’s main campus is located in Athens, approximately 65 miles northeast of Atlanta, with extended campuses in Atlanta, Griffin, Gwinnett, and Tifton. UGA was founded in 1785 by the Georgia General Assembly as the first state-chartered University in the country. UGA employs approximately 1,800 full-time instructional faculty and more than 7,600 full-time staff. The University’s enrollment exceeds 36,000 students including over 27,500 undergraduates and over 8,500 graduate and professional students. Academic programs reside in 17 schools and colleges, as well as a medical partnership with Augusta University housed on the UGA Health Sciences Campus in Athens.
About the College/Unit/Department
College/Unit/Department website
Employment Type Employee
Additional Schedule Information
Advertised Salary
Anticipated Start Date 09/30/2019
Posting Date 09/19/2019
Closing Date
Open Until Filled Yes
Special Instructions to Applicants

Please upload a copy of your current class schedule from Athena as part of your Supporting Applicant Documents.
Location of Vacancy Athens Area
EOO Statement

The University of Georgia is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, genetic information, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation or protected veteran status.

Duties/Responsibilities

Please approximate the percentage of time spent on each task (out of 100%) during a typical work week. List these tasks in order of importance, with the most critical task coming first. Do not list more than 6 entries – do not go below 5% time per assigned duty.

Duties/Responsibilities

Perform a variety of repetitive reporting tasks daily to include:
APC report from buses using the Syncromatics Track Application
Recording data from the Syncromatics Track application into the Daily NTD Log
Review ARMOR system videos and log descriptions
Verify and record parking vehicle fuel receipts.
Percentage of time 20

Duties/Responsibilities

Bi-Weekly and Monthly task include:
Tracking Transit Student Worker Hours Log
Writing and distributing the UGA PD Safety Report
Updating and summarizing the monthly NTD Logs
Percentage of time 15

Duties/Responsibilities

Updating lot drawing, APC verification using REI video records, fuel reporting, task instructions, and special event bus maps as advised
Percentage of time 15

Duties/Responsibilities

Respond to requests for special studies. Collect data from existing systems or initiate date collection by other means to include direct observations and recording. Prepare written analyses and written summaries for events requiring management action.
Percentage of time 40

Duties/Responsibilities

Assist the Parking Services department during peak service demand period by providing customer support for service inquiries.
Percentage of time 10

Position Details

Classification Title Student Assistant
FLSA Non-Exempt
UGA Job Code
Job Family
FTE 0.47
Minimum Qualifications
Position Summary

Perform data collection and analysis tasks for the Transportation and Parking Services department to measure and report on business process effectiveness and customer satisfaction. Apply standard business and quality assurance practices under professional guidance and supervision in a small business environment with advanced electronic equipment, automated data collection and serving thousands of customers. Perform daily data collection, analysis and reporting tasks, prepare the monthly statistical report for the department and perform specialized statistical studies as assigned. Strictly adhere to data security and privacy protection rules and guidelines.
Relevant/Preferred Education, Experience, Licensure, Certification in Position

All majors welcomed, but preferred majors in Business, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and/or Competencies
Physical Demands

Sitting for long periods of time.
Is this a Position of Trust?
Does this position have operation, access, or control of financial resources? No
Does this position require a P-Card? No
Is having a P-Card an essential function of this position? No
Is driving a requirement of this position? No
Does this position have direct interaction or care of children under the age of 18 or direct patient care? No
Does this position have Security Access (e.g., public safety, IT security, personnel records, patient records, or access to chemicals and medications) No
