Because you belong at Twilio

The Who, What, Where and Why

Twilio is growing rapidly and seeking Sr. Sales Compensation Data Analyst to join our Sales Compensation team. This is a great role for a compensation / operations professional looking to further develop their career in a fast pace, high growth company. The person in this role will contribute their analytical skills, working with various data sources to provide business insights and solve complex problems.To be successful, the person will need attention to details, experience as a compensation data analyst and deep understanding of the popular data analysis tools

Who?

Twilio is looking for a person who lives the Twilio Magic and has a demonstrated track record of managing, analysing and automating large data sets.. They also have:
3-5 years of experience as data or business analyst in sales operations, finance or similar discipline in software / technology industry
Prior experience with SQL, Python or similar technologies; ability to maintain and optimize code, focusing on accuracy and quality
Prior experience with administering SFDC data objects
Solid understanding and experience in data collection, processing, governance, reporting and analytics of large data sets
Proven track record in automating data processes using industry standard tools
Experience with Github/logging/documentation; FTP experience is a plus
Understanding of sales compensation and commission calculations; capable of developing and improving sales compensation data related processes
Solid project/program management skills
Excellent communication skills: verbal and written
Bachelor's Degree
What?

As a Senior Sales Compensation Data analyst, you will live the Twilio Magic values:
BE AN OWNER: Understand various data sources used in sales compensation calculations
NO SHENANIGANS: Collect, validate, analyze, manage sales compensation data to support commission processes and analyze sales performance results
DON'T SETTLE: Automate commissions processing by connecting disparate data sources, developing and managing data models and creating scripts
BE INCLUSIVE: Collaborate with Operations, Finance, IT and other functions to implement,improve and automate data processes
WEAR THE CUSTOMERS SHOES: Support the team in calculating monthly, quarterly and annual payouts based on achievement
WRITE IT DOWN: Contribute to the development and improvement of systems to effectively capture, track and present compensation data.
Why?

The Sales Compensation team is crucial to the success and scalability of our sales organization and its supporting teams. This important role focuses on managing, analyzing and automating sales compensation data, closely cooperating with the team members, stakeholders and supporting functions

Twilio is a company that is empowering the world's developers with modern communication in order to build better applications. Twilio is truly unique; we are a company committed to your growth, your learning, your development, and your entire employee experience. We only win when our employees succeed and we're dedicated to helping you develop your strengths. We have a cultural foundation built on diversity, inclusion, and innovation and we want you and your ideas to thrive at Twilio.

Where?

This position will be located in our Denver office. Around the world, Twilio offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your loved ones. No matter where you are based, you will experience a company that believes in small teams for maximum impact; seeks well-rounded talent to ensure a full perspective on our customers' experience, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture that empowers everyone to do their best work and be the best version of themselves.

About us:

Millions of developers around the world have used Twilio to unlock the magic of communications to improve any human experience. Twilio has democratized communications channels like voice, text, chat, video and email by virtualizing the world's communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer to use, yet robust enough to power the world's most demanding applications. By making communications a part of every software developer's toolkit, Twilio is enabling innovators across every industry — from emerging leaders to the world's largest organizations — to reinvent how companies engage with their customers.

Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
