Systems & Data Analyst

Company:

Jeppesen Sanderson Inc

Job ID:

00000203185

Date Posted:

2020-06-30-07:00

Location:

USA - Englewood, CO

Job Description Summary:

Researches and performs basic analysis of processes, applications, systems and data to identify functional requirements for application or system design. Assists customers to clarify basic requirements. Interprets and translates routine requirements into functional specifications. Assists in the development and execution of moderately complex tests to validate system functionality against specifications.

Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world.

Relocation:

No relocation available

Export Control Requirement:

Safety Sensitive:

This is not a safety sensitive position

Contingent Upon Award Program

This position is not contingent upon program award

Job Description Qualifications:

Employer: Boeing Digital Solutions, Inc. (d/b/a Jeppesen) subsidiary of (BGS) Boeing Global Services

Job Title: Systems & Data Analyst

Job Location: 55 Inverness Drive East, Englewood, CO 80112

Duties:

Responsibilities include: Researching and performing basic analysis of processes, applications, systems and data to identify functional requirements for application or system design; assisting customers to clarify basic requirements; interpreting and translating routine requirements into functional specifications; and, assisting in the development and execution of moderately complex tests to validate system functionality against specifications.

Requirements:

Employer requires a Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Data Analytics Engineering, Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field and 2 years of work experience in job offered or 2 years of systems and data analysis experience.

In lieu of the above, employer will accept a Master’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Data Analytics Engineering, Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field and 6 months of work experience in job offered or 6 months of systems and data analysis experience.

Position also requires experience with each of the following:

1. Data science and analytics;

2. Testing data requirements;

3. Data system architecture; and,

4. Translating business requirements into written functional specification.

Employer will accept full-time or part-time experience.

Drug Free Workplace:

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

At Boeing, diversity, equity, and inclusion are enduring company values. We strive to live these values every day not only because it’s the right thing to do, but because our success depends on it. The company’s commitment to diversity and inclusion means providing a work environment for all employees that is welcoming, respectful and equitable, with opportunities for personal and professional development.

Experience Level:

Individual Contributor - 2

Job Type:

Regular

Job Code:

BAMAI2 (B38)

Equal Employment Opportunity:

Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website.

Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud - Recruitment Fraud Warning

Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Request an Accommodation - Requesting Interview Accommodations

Applicant Privacy - Applicant Privacy

EEO is the law Poster - EEO is the law

Boeing Policy on EEO - Boeing EEO Policy

Affirmative Action and Harassment - Boeing Affirmative Action and Harassment

Boeing Participates in E – Verify
English - E-Verify (English)
Spanish - E-Verify (Spanish)
Right to Work Statement
English - Right to Work (English)
Spanish - Right to Work (Spanish)
