Our Government and Large Commercial high-profile clients are high-tech organizations with programs in science, technology, engineering and math. For these positions, they are asking for us to provide data analysts that are passionate about transforming and making data usable for new services, business models, and to help economic development. We are looking for people that believe data is the new gold.

We are looking for data analysts, data engineers, data scientists with excellent leadership, technical, and subject matter expertise qualities. We have projects lining up developing research-grade science data algorithms from in-situ sensors to bringing together data sources from disparate sub-agencies into enterprise platforms to make available on open-data platforms. Our projects vary: creating data and bigdata prototypes whether it be on CartoDB geospatial, D3 Sankeys and various libraries, feeding and harvesting RDF Triplets into catalogs, or integrating into SEO environments. Admittedly, we have some less sexy data wrangling and janitor tasks that will require more ETL skills to hone in on.

To boot, we want our analysts to be natural change agents and passionate about change while empathetic to the clients environment on how they leverage, mature, and incorporate data products, services, and new capabilities. We want leaders who can both support the influence of the right change direction while managing the technical and business analysis and design, and are skilled and self-motivated with solid domain/subject matter expertise.

Our analysts will be on teams that, through facilitated analysis, work shoulder-to-shoulder with teammates to come up with the conceptual and logical design and architecture. Analysts will also be working very closely with client staff or system integrators to rapidly implement changes or agile release. Furthermore, we devise and craft strategies and communications solutions to broadcast and brag about their change efforts and results. This is what we do – we bring transformations to life.

Position Requirements:
You will be expected to rapidly ramp-up on client lingo, proactively make observations of patterns, anomalies, problems, and be customer service focused. You will be expected to be highly self-motivated and understand you will be held accountable to commitments. We look for decisive individuals able to rapidly respond to change requests and able to communicate, track, and escalate risk. We expect you to be proactive, efficient, and ready to learn quickly in response to all client and team member needs. This is a bootcamp-type position setup for growth.

We want you to not only gain technical skills, but also grow your interactive and client facing skills. All roles will require strong communication and interactive skills - oral, written, visual especially for triaging conflict, ideation barriers, mitigating risk, foster thought diversity and team environment. We expect all our roles to have a mastery of their technical level at their role whether that be in architectural methods, languages, work products, consulting techniques, and client culture. If they are not, they need to demonstrate how they are VERY fast learners.

Career Path Tech - Depending on the role: data analysts, data engineers, data scientists, here are some example tech stacks depending on the project). When you interview, the position will specify the tech level and re-validate your interest. What we will want to learn is which path you want to start at, grow in, and move towards. When you apply, let us know your interest and which paths you bring experience to.
Data Analyst Tech - Making Analytics for End Use
Data Engineer Tech – Cleaning and Integrating Dirty Data
Data Scientist Tech- Developing Advanced Algorithms and Models to support analytics
Geospatial Data Scientist Tech – Layering in Geospatial into Data Analysis
Data Analytics App Tech – Developing Analytics Platforms and tools
Data Analytics DB Tech – Developing database solutions to support analytics
Requirements:
1 year of consulting experience – higher compensation for additional 3 more years in related analytical work products and additional 2 more years in subject matter
Could pass ad-hoc technical and whiteboard test given various data ETL and other patterns of real-time, large data, data cleanup, etc. scenarios
For public sector work, our work is traditionally unclassified, but will require certain amount of background, reference, and other checks
Travel will be maximum 20%
We emphasize a balance of work and life and target 40-50 hour weeks with ample times to refresh with great paid-time off.
Opening expected: Summer

We review our requirements quarterly and this could change. We like to plan ahead in finding amazing talent.

About Xentity

We are a fast-growing data consulting and support services firm - focused on large data programs in data types such as geospatial, open, big, and IoT data. Check out www.xentity.com to learn about our focus, services, clients, missions, values as well as our excellent benefits package and career information.

We have high profile clients and projects that our staff really delivery for, as well enjoy knowing they make a large difference.

Our President has a vision to continue to focus on solutions that transform the Next Generation. Using data integration, knowledge solutions, and amazing increases in computing to impact energy, geosciences, land management, we can bring quality and simplifications to existing and new data flow! Imaging being on a team that brings advanced concepts like high performance computing, AI, data science, fuzzy logic, changing interfaces human-computer points mobile or augmented reality and many more disruptions. This truly can put the I back in IT and GIS.... by concentrating on pragmatic knowledge-first data designs, leadership and management, and the all too forgotten focus on outreach and engagement strategies and solutions.

More can be found at careers.xentity.com
