Quicksilver is a pioneer in the natural health industry. Our mission is to deliver on the promise of natural medicine, delivering products that help individuals achieve mind and body health through nature inspired innovation. Our growth is fueled by individuals who share our passion. Currently, we have an opening for a Data Analyst in our Louisville, CO location.

The Data Analyst will be responsible for managing data sources, developing reports, and troubleshooting data issues for all business units, working closely with management to prioritize business and information needs. Making recommendations about methods and ways to obtain and analyze data to improve quality and efficiency of data systems.

Core Responsibilities include:
Work with stakeholders to identify reporting needs and create reports utilizing multiple reporting tools.
Work closely with internal business units (Finance, Sales and Marketing), IS staff and external partners/vendors.
Responsible for handling data migrations and verifying data integrity.
Communicate effectively with non-technical staff to ask questions and understand needs translating business requirements into non-technical lay-terms.
Help teams make well-informed decisions by translating analytics.
Comfortable working across multiple applications and determining appropriate reporting tool to achieve best result.
Responsible for quality assurance of data ensuring accuracy prior to delivering results.
Train end users on new reports and dashboards.
Qualifications:

Qualified candidates must have a Bachelor's degree in data analytics related field and 2-3 years of experience in data analytics or related field. Must be proficient in MS Office Suite - specifically advanced Excel skills. Must have a proficiency in a SQL query language and be familiar with Business Intelligence tools (ex., Tableau, MS Power BI, Domo).

Ideal Candidates have the following traits:
Master's degree in data analytics related field.
5+ years of professional experience in business intelligence or data analysis.
Work-related experience within Science or Pharmaceutical industry.
Proficiency in MySQL.
ERP implementation experience.
Quicksilver offers a competitive benefits package including:

Employer paid Medical, Dental and Life insurance, including Short-term and Long-term Disability.

401K with company matching.

Paid vacation and sick time.

Paid company holidays.

Fitness Center membership.

Generous employee discount program on all QS products.

Quicksilver Scientific is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
