The Motley Fool is looking for a Data Analyst to own the data strategy for one of our newest (and coolest) business lines - Soapbox Financial Network.

The Motley Fool's mission is to make the world smarter, happier, and richer, and Soapbox is tasked with taking that to the next level. We're providing readers with valuable financial information beyond The Motley Fool’s traditional coverage of the stock market. Soapbox is acquiring blogs from an array of smart, insightful, expert storytellers on finance-related topics from budgeting to travel hacks to the FIRE movement and beyond. Our goal is to help readers improve their financial lives and raise up exciting voices who are aligned with our mission.

Our small team has an exciting startup feel with the confidence and capital of an established and beloved brand. In this role, we’re looking for someone who is entrepreneurial, an expert data storyteller, and motivated to dig deeper and uncover the why behind any meaningful data trend. And the ideal candidate isn't interested in data for the sake of data, rather he or she thrives on making real-world differences for the team and its business strategy and direction. This role is responsible for:
Informing the acquisition process through analysis, valuation, and modeling
Uncovering the top optimization opportunities across our network of sites
Building reporting and alerting tools that keep us updated on our key metrics and what’s moving them
Collaborating with the other members of the Soapbox team to implement A/B tests and new initiatives based on your data-driven recommendations
You might be a good fit if you:
Have a track record of growing traffic to content sites from opportunities that you’ve found in web analytics data
Love to set up A/B tests to see your insights in action
Are a total Google Analytics nerd and can clearly communicate the difference between bounce rate and exit rate. Big Query experience is a plus!
Build actionable reports and dashboards that your team uses regularly to make data-driven decisions
Understand SEO and are comfortable using SEO tools for reporting and analysis
Sound like you? Then let’s chat! Send us your resume and cover letter that describe who you are, what you've done, and why you're excited about this role.
