Associate BA, Data Provisioning


Job Location: Denver, CO.

Reports to: Data Provisioning Manager

Position Overview:

The Associate Business Analyst will coordinate all data provisioning activities for Recondo Technology’s suite of revenue cycle management products.

We are interested in speaking with you if you can leverage exceptional collaboration, team-building, problem-solving, and analytical skills to drive customer success.

What You Will Do
The position is responsible for receipt and organization of data processing requests, processing them to completion for Recondo customers and Recondo internal staff.
Work extensively with client services and operations teams to facilitate accurate rate calculation and customer satisfaction.
Requests will range from highly complex data processing for new builds to relatively simple data maintenance.
Respond to high priority incidences.
What We Seek:
A customer-focused individual who can collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to drive high impact work.
The position requires strong computer literacy with an emphasis on Excel analysis and modification.
Familiarity with payer network participation contract terms and conditions is preferred.
Someone who has the“right stuff”. This means a commitment for growth and understanding that individual performance impacts our business.
An individual who can look at the whole picture and provide a total solution.
Strong analytical and communication skills are required.
This position requires a high degree of attention to detail and the ability to work under deadlines.
Preferences
At least 1 year of healthcare experience in claims, billing, coding or administration preferred.
Any familiarity with photo editing tools such as Photoshop or open source tools like .


Travel Requirements
No travel will be required
Compensation and Benefits

Recondo offers competitive compensation and a dynamic, growing company environment. Benefits include stock options, comprehensive coverage for medical, dental, life, disability, 401(k) savings plan, and vacations and holidays.

No agencies or phone calls, please. EOE

Recondo Technology provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.
