Position:Financial Data AnalystJob Description:Black Knight is the premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Black Knight offers leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle.JOB FAMILY DESCRIPTIONResponsible for performing in-depth data analysis and developing complex ad-hoc queries and conversion requirements to meet business needs. Deploy, troubleshoot and resolve data issues, conducting data research and ensure data quality.GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES* Identify, research and analyze data so that it can be accurately processed.* Perform analysis and document conversion requirements to translate data sets into standardized formats.* Perform data analysis functions for assigned business unit including design and development of critical ad hoc reports.* Perform structured quality assurance testing including the development of test plans and scripts.* Proactively identify data issues that need to be fixed and perform detailed data verification and analysis.* Responsible for the escalation and resolution of data issues.* Make process and/or system improvement recommendations to assist the business unit in achieving its goals and objectives.* Work across business units/teams to collect, aggregate, match, consolidate, and confirm data for quality and accuracy.* Gather reporting requirements for change requests and ad-hoc reports as requested.* May assist with acquisition, extraction, transforming and standing up of various data sets.* May design and/or develop and ensure the quality of specific databases for collection, tracking and reporting of research data.* Performs other related duties as assigned.EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINESA high school diploma or GED is required for this role.GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES* Proficient written and oral communication skills in dealing with employees or external customers/clients* Proficiency in standard office software, such as MS Office, MS Access, MS Word, MS Excel, etc.* Demonstrated experience with data manipulation and analysis* Working knowledge of relational databases a plus* Strong ad-hoc SQL query development, SAS or C++ skills* Experience working with data analytics-driven solutions with sensitive data sources* High degree of creative, analytical and problem solving skills* Ability to gather and interpret information and to develop, recommend and implement solutions* Team oriented - ability to build departmental and cross-functional relationshipsData Analyst IIIAdvanced professional role. Highly skilled with extensive proficiency. May oversee the area in the absence of the lead/supervisor. Develops large and/or complex solutions that require analysis and research. Writes and creates complex queries independently and has a strong understanding of the supporting database schema. Works on multiple projects as a project leader or frequently as the subject matter expert. May monitor workflow. Make recommendations for process improvements as appropriate. Coaches and mentors more junior staff. Works under minimal supervision with wide latitude for independent judgment. Typically requires a minimum of six (6) or more years of demonstrated acquisition work experience with at least four (4) years as of Data Analyst II.Black Knight is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, and protected veteran or military family status. Our employees' diversity is our strength, and when we embrace our differences, it makes us better and brighter. Black Knight's commitment to inclusion is at the core of who we are, and motivates us in how we do business each and every day.Location:Lakewood, COTime Type:Full time
