Gloo, headquartered in beautiful Boulder, Colorado, builds software for people and organizations dedicated to improving lives. We’re leveraging the same exponential tech that’s driving success in other industries and making it available through tools such as big data, personal growth plans, custom assessments, and eventually, an entire market network focused on growth. As one of Boulder’s most successful and innovative tech companies, Gloo needs more talented professionals who are driven to make a positive impact on humanity. Are you one of them?

As the newest member of our revenue operations team, you will be analyzing, modeling, and interpreting data to help us make strategic business decisions. You are a data analyst with a slant towards engineering - some might describe you as a data superhero, and that’s what we want. You have in-depth experience with data visualization and a communication style that gives you the ability to deliver your message clearly and concisely to stakeholders. If you’ve been working in a SaaS or mobile app company with your hands on marketing analytics and are ready to take on a new challenge, let’s talk!

How you’ll spend your days
Utilizing Salesforce, Google Analytics and Hotjar to collect essential data related to the success of the business
Converting raw data and complex quantitative analysis into actionable business goals
Helping direct insights that will improve efficiencies and identifying opportunities for product optimization
Reviewing and analyzing user session videos to identify patterns and correlate with analytics
Championing our data-driven, user centered design process; evangelizing metrics and outcomes
Collaborating with Marketing, Product, Sales, Support, Systems, Data Science, and Engineering to coordinate solutions and bring ideas to life
What you’ll bring to the team
BS in Data Science, Information Management, Computer Science, or a related discipline
At least 4 years of experience analyzing, modeling, and interpreting data in the market intelligence, MarTech or mobile/web platform space
Proficiency with analysis and query languages – SQL, R, Python
Experience with data visualization and BI tools like Tableau and Domo
Ability to identify opportunities for product optimization by tracking user behavior using Google Analytics, Hotjar, and Google Tag Manager
Creative, articulate, and competent communication style – you deliver your message clearly, concisely, and confidently every time
Intellectually curiosity – you are always looking for new ways to extract, analyze, and use data to further our mission
Our team members enjoy
Competitive compensation package and a full suite of benefits
Bonus and ample time off for your personal pursuits
An incredible team of talented and passionate folks to hang out with
Goldstone Partners is helping this experienced team of thought leaders and engineers find an energized individual who wants to be part of something big! Principals only, please. Applications welcome for those who are US Citizens or hold a Green Card.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
