Job Description
Company Description

Infotree’s approach to every employee and customer is based around making a positive impact. We focus on over-servicing, continuous improvement and a high-quality culture. We’re passionate about making successful matches for our employees and customers across the globe. Infotree prides itself in our proven track record and innovative culture with 100% focus on the employees and customers

Job Description

You can reach me at 845-999-6217 OR venky@infotreeglobal.com.

DUE TO COVID-19 CANDIDATE WILL WORK FROM HOME UNTIL OFFICES ARE RE-OPENED. CANDIDATE WILL BE REQUIRED TO BE ONSITE DAILY ONCE FACILITIES RE-OPEN.

The Data Analyst work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. The Data Analyst will leverage operational and strategic decision making thru assorted reporting tasks, data interpretation, education, and consultation/collaboration with partners across the enterprise. The candidate should be able to build analysis and tools from multiple data sources that end users can easily learn and maintain.

Responsibilities:
Data collection and manipulation from numerous sources (Oracle, SQL, Excel, etc.) with an understanding of database structure design
Analyze data to solve a wide variety of business problems and creation of data visualizations that drive strategic vison
Passion for contributing to a cross-functional team focused on continuously improving member experiences and clinical outcomes though data analysis and interpretation
Ensure data quality, timeliness and accuracy
Process thinking, independent problem solving and working collaboratively with the team
Qualifications

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience
3+ years of technical experience in data reconciliation
Expert level MS Excel and highly efficient in SQL
Proficiency in compiling, analyzing, and interpreting data trends
The ability to communicate effectively across levels and functions
Self-starter – comfortable working independently to accomplish components of a larger program
Strong organizational and time management skills
Demonstrated excellence in problem solving/critical thinking
Additional Information

Thanks & Regards,

Manu Kumar

Recruitment – Technical Recruiter

Infotree Global Solutions

Offc No. :- 734-928-2448

Mob No. :- 845-999-6217

venky@infotreeglobal.com

www.infotreeglobal.com
