CDHS requires a Business Data Analyst III to support the Trails Modernization project with the conversion of Crystal 10 reports to Crystal 13 reports. The Business Data Analyst III will be responsible for the technical reporting design, new report development and modification of existing reports. In addition, the Business Data Analyst III must be able to provide technical documentation and participate in report troubleshooting with the CDHS Trails OIT team and the Trails Modernization development vendor. This position works closely with team members to ensure alignment across each service application, system and service, including implementation of coding standards, version control, security standards, and application optimization aligned with the position’s area of responsibility. This position is also responsible for ensuring each solution is managed following the System Development Life Cycle.

Deliverables include:
Conversion of existing reports from Crystal 10 to Crystal 13
Creation of new reports on Oracle 10 or above with Crystal 13
Participate in the report requirements gathering process
Develop and execute SQL queries, packages, etc.
Sources of information include:
Existing application and associated reports, queries, packages
Existing documentation
Report design documents
OIT Report Developers
Position Requirements
Minimum Requirements:
5+ years of experience as a software/report developer in progressively more complex assignments with experience managing requirements for software application development, service delivery, and customer satisfaction, or relevant experience in an IT applications/solutions delivery role.
Undergraduate degree from an accredited college or university in information technology, computer science, or related field. (Relevant experience may be substituted for education at the hiring manager’s discretion.)
Documented proficiency working with report development on Oracle 10 or above and experience with both Crystal 10 and Crystal 13.
Familiarity with producing technical documentation.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of the Trails OIT SDLC business processes
Crystal report version 10 and 13 experience. Conversion experience is a plus
Good understanding of Oracle database with hands-on experience
Excellent PL/SQL skills
Crystal Server 11 and developer version 13
Hands on experience developing the reports with 2 - 3 yrs on Oracle 10 or above
SQL server experience writing packages, procedures, views etc. in PL/SQL for at least 2 or 3 yrs
Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Denver, US-CO
