We work to solve deep technical problems that improve the world of Healthcare. These problems span a variety of core topics in computer science ranging from databases to distributed systems. We are looking for a Senior Data Analyst to work alongside our Business Intelligence Product Development team to produce insights that will help shape product and development strategies.

The Sr Data Analyst will scope and execute analyses to formulate conclusions and recommendations to be presented to Business Partners on related opportunities. This role will collaborate closely with Product and Engineering teams to design reporting, verify data quality and accuracy along with application and report data accuracy.

Key Responsibilities
Leads analysis effort for our Business Intelligence Product Development Team.
Generate reports and reporting/analytics standards for both internal and customer facing solutions from analysis results using Looker or similar.
Identify patterns and trends in collected data sets.
Work alongside engineering and product teams to identify and establish data and analytics solutions to support business needs.
Define new data collection and analysis processes.
Provide quality assurance for data processes.
Support the development and product teams in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
Support initiatives for data integrity and normalization.
KEY DUTIES
Collect, interpret and analyze data from disparate sources including Oracle, Redshift, Sql Server, Mongo, Elastic Search.
Analyze business requirements and work with teammates to formulate supporting design and design documentation.
Other duties as assigned.
KEY COMPETENCIES
Thorough understanding of, and support for, Agile development methodologies
Ability to think strategically
Ability to adapt to changing conditions and lead others through change
An analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving
Demonstrated analytical, organizational, prioritization, and time management skills
Ability and willingness to travel nationally to remote offices and partners approximately 10% of the time
Required Education, Certifications, and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Statistics
8+ years’ experience mining data as a data analyst in a related field
Proven analytic skills, including mining, evaluation, analysis, and visualization
Technical writing experience in relevant areas, including queries, reports, and presentations
Strong demonstrable SQL skills
8+ years’ experience handling large data sets and relational databases.
High-level written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to analyze large datasets
Ability to write comprehensive reports
Strong verbal and written communication skills
An analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving
Attention to detail
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in a diverse set of AWS data services including:
EC2
S3
Athena
Redshift
Aurora MySQL
RDS
Development Experience with Python, PySpark, or R
Key Differentiators
Looker Visualization Experience
Machine Learning Experience
GHX: It’s the way you do business in healthcare


Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX) enables better patient care and billions in savings for the healthcare community by maximizing automation, efficiency and accuracy of business processes.

GHX is a healthcare business and data automation company, empowering healthcare organizations to enable better patient care and maximize industry savings using our world class cloud-based supply chain technology exchange platform, solutions, analytics and services. We bring together healthcare providers and manufacturers and distributors in North America and Europe— who rely on smart, secure healthcare-focused technology and comprehensive data to automate their business processes and make more informed decisions.

It is our passion and vision for a more operationally efficient healthcare supply chain, helping organizations reduce– not shift– the cost of doing business, paving the way to delivering patient care more effectively. Together we take more than a billion dollars out of the cost of delivering healthcare every year. GHX is privately owned, operates in the United States, Canada and Europe, and employs more than 600 people worldwide. Our corporate headquarters is in Europe, Louisville, Colorado, just outside of Denver, with additional offices in Europe, Atlanta, Georgia and Omaha, Nebraska.

Disclaimer:


GHX provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. GHX complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

GHX expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of GHX’s employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.
