Spiceorb is looking for Technical Business Analyst (SQL, Data analytics, Informatica) to work for an on site Contract Position St Suite 500, Denver, CO Email your resume to Joyspiceorb.com Complete name- Visa Status - Current Location - Phone - Email Address- Hourly rates on - Title Technical Business Analyst (SQL, Data analytics, Informatica) Location Denver, CO Duration 12 Months Contract Notes Offshore coordination is required, need to attend late eveningearly morning calls Experience with SQL, ETL (Preferred Informatica), Data Analytics Remote till COVID-19 Job Description Should have 10+ years of relevant IT experience Excellent knowledge SQL programming ETL side (Informatica) Very good knowledge in Data analytics area. Ability to understand data models and data items. Understanding of ETL (Informatica) processes, data flows and experience in defining transformationsmappings required Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Should be able to juggle between multiple business stake holders for various business requirements Manage multiple business stakeholders and communicate with them effectively and promptly Flexible enough to work with offshore time to set up meeting with various offshore technical teams Excellent written and verbal communication skill is must Performing requirements analysis. Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management. Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports. Working closely with internal customers IT Team, and managerial staff. Serving as a liaison between stakeholders onshore and offshore Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements. Performing user acceptance testing. Work with Project Delivery manager and manage the projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance. Prioritizing initiatives based on business needs and requirements. Identify the dependencies between the projects business area and prioritize the work accordingly Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Should have excellent documentation and presentation skill set. Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects. Overall understanding in data and analytics, salesforce, PeopleSoft, SharePoint will be an added advantage Understanding in Real Estate and Retail domain is a plus. Joy N Joyspiceorb.com Spiceorb Inc www.spiceorb.com
