You.

You bring your body, mind, heart and spirit to your work as a Senior Quality Data Analyst.

Youre equally comfortable with performing data analysis/reporting/validation as well as researching data integrity issues.

Youre great at what you do, but you want to be part of something even greater. Because you believe that while individuals can be strong, the right team is invincible.

Us.

System Services is our Corporate Headquarters in Broomfield, Colorado and is located within the Oracle campus. SCL Health is a faith-based, nonprofit healthcare organization dedicated to improving the well-being of the people we serve.

Benefits are one of the ways we encourage health for you and your family. Our generous package includes medical, dental and vision coverage. But health is more than a well-working body: it encompasses body, mind and social well-being. To that end, weve launched a Healthy Living program to address your holistic health. Healthy Living includes financial incentives, digital tools, tobacco cessation, classes, counseling and paid time off. We also offer financial wellness tools and retirement planning.

We.

Together well align mission and careers, values and workplace. Well encourage joy and take pride in our integrity.

Well laugh at each others jokes (even the bad ones). Well hello and high five. Well celebrate milestones and acknowledge the value of spirituality in healing.

Were proud of what we know, which includes how much there is to learn.

Your day.

As a Sr. Quality Data Analyst you need to know how to:
Create reports and scorecards/dashboards to track the progress of quality, safety and risk efforts as it relates to internal and external programs including, but not limited to, Operational Performance Goals (OPG), Integrated Quality Scorecard (IQS), CMS, The Joint Commission, Leapfrog, etc.
Able to conceptualize and create effective data extracts from multiple sources to complete complex analysis.
Validate data sources, appropriate mapping and identify variances.
Ability to identify and clearly articulate data points for inclusion in data tables for identified measures.
Responsible for managing scope and completion of work, meeting deadlines, and providing deliverables to the customers or end users.
Manage complex projects, schedules and facilitates meetings as necessary to complete assignments.
Develop and manage the process for identifying and communicating (e.g. via a report) open gaps.
Provide analytic support for internal/external reporting as requested.
Participate in Data Governance and Validation Activities as requested to assure data integrity.
Your experience.

We hire people, not resumes. But we also expect excellence, which is why we require:
Bachelor's degree required, or equivalent Informatics experience, required
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in data analytics, required
Minimum of three (3) years of experience in a healthcare setting, required
Highly prefer Epic experience / Clarity certification
Must have prior experience with Tableau
Background and experience in statistics and data management and automation
Your next move.

Now that you know more about being a Sr. Quality Data Analyst on our team we hope youll join us. At SCL Health youll reaffirm every day how much you love this work, and why you were called to it in the first place.

Located in Broomfield, CO.

Apply Today!
