Company Overview


At Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day.

Job Description


We are excited to recruit two Business Analyst(s) to join our digital, informatics and technology organization who will measure success on our high priority platforms supported by the Division of Health Informatics. DHI focuses on the interaction of people, processes, and technology enabling MSK to meet critical patient care and research objectives. Our division manages a suite of clinical information systems including the electronic health record, ancillary systems and other core components that enable decision support, health information exchange and knowledge management.

About the Clinical and Logistics Platform:MSK has committed to transforming itself into a digital organization. To help advance the transformation, MSK has committed to the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) as a method of managing technology work. As part of our digital transformation, MSK has identified a set of platforms that it will be creating to advance its digital transformation.

One of these high priority platforms is the Clinical and Logistics Platform, which is part of MSK’s digital ecosystem. The focus of the Clinical and Logistics Platform is to enable our Care Teams and Health Care Providers with a pre-integrated platform comprising of all our clinical, logistics, and communication systems. We aim to provide a world-class user experience, reduce friction and burnout to our Care Teams, and empower the Care Team members to provide the best patient experience.

You will:
Support agile team in translating end user requirements into set of user product criteria for technical development team & developing documentation
Connect with team to confirm product commitments
Conduct data analysis and research required for development team to make decisions
Collaborate with team to understand, analyze, document, and communicate platform requirements
Partner with key stakeholders to articulate and refine product vision throughout the iteration process
Help design team in translating product needs/requirements into deliverable units of work
Able to synthesize metrics such as: user satisfaction/adoption, quality of products delivered, time-to-market, timely delivery etc.
Collaborates closely with agile teams to translate business requirements and operational metrics between user groups and developers
Provide definitions for product criteria, readiness, completeness etc.
You have:
2-4 years of experience in a healthcare setting in a role such as data/business analysis
Bachelor's degree in Health Informatics, Computer Science, Information Systems or related
SAFe certification or exposure to agile methodologies a strong plus
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with ability to synthesize user needs and pull insights out of data
Excellent communicator able to negotiate with business to clarify needs vs. wants/likes to balance with development cost and risk
Ability to break down and describe business needs into work supporting an iterative and incremental delivery model
Credibility with both business leaders, product designers, & developers
#LI-POST

Benefits

Competitive compensation packages | Sick Time | Generous Vacation + 12 holidays to recharge & refuel | Internal Career Mobility & Performance Consulting | Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA & Dependent Care | 403b retirement savings plan match | Tuition Reimbursement | Parental Leave & Adoption Assistance | Commuter Spending Account | Fitness Discounts & Wellness Program | Resource Networks | Life Insurance & Disability | Remote Flexibility

We believe in communication, transparency, and thinking beyond your 8-hour day @ MSK. It’s important to us that you have a sense of impact, community, and work/life balance to be and feel your best.

Our Hiring Process

You read the ad, agree it sounds like a great fit & apply -> Talent Acquisition contacts you to schedule a phone interview (if your profile aligns)-> after speaking with the Talent Acquisition Specialist, you will connect with the Hiring Manager by phone or video call -> if your experience is a fit, you will move forward to an on-site visit or video call with the team -> post interview feedback -> ideally an offer! -> reference check & onboarding -> orientation & official welcome to MSK

MSK has been named a Best Place to Work in IT by Insider Pro & Computerworld, for the 2nd year in a row.

We look forward to meeting soon!

Closing


MSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision.

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
