Bristol-Myers Squibb is a global Biopharma company committed to a single mission: to discover, develop, and deliver innovative medicines focused on helping millions of patients around the world in disease areas such as oncology, cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrosis.

Join us and make a difference. We hire the best people and provide them with a work environment that places a premium on diversity, integrity, collaboration and personal development. Through a culture of inclusion, we create a better, more productive work environment. We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.

Manager, IT Business Process Analysis

We seek a passionate Senior Business Analyst to join our team in leveraging technology to accelerate the commercialization of our products. We are looking for a highly experienced candidate with solid business architecture, business process management, and communication skills as well as a strong knowledge of the Commercialization domain in Pharmaceutical industry. This role is within the IT for Commercialization function and will partner with Commercialization business partners, other internal IT Delivery teams, outsourcing partners, and vendors to define, prioritize, plan, deliver and support strategic digital capabilities.

Key Responsibilities:
Lead business analysis efforts and due diligence to discover and understand root causes of business challenges and articulate business needs.
Elicit and translate complex business requirements into technical artifacts including user stories, wireframes, prototypes, information flow diagrams and process maps.
Collaborate with subject matter experts and commercialization business stakeholders to understand and generate cohesive documentation of business processes, identify business challenges, and gather & analyze current practices and standards
Contribute to development of “As Is – To Be” Process Models
Record Use Cases and Scenarios of business processes and stakeholder interactions
Capture and manage high-level & low-level requirements
Identify instances where existing processes may be streamlined or improved
Develop strategic, collaborative, and trusted partnerships with stakeholders across all levels of the Commercialization function as well as IT Business Partner and Delivery functions.
Work with stakeholders to identify qualitative improvements and calculate quantitative benefits of implementing proposed solutions
Articulate and communicate requirements to Delivery teams
Assist with communication to business & stakeholder management activities
Assist in executing a communication and change management strategy (technological and business process) in support of project execution and rollout
Contribute to a strategic roadmap that leverages modern, enterprise digital capabilities and approaches to create sustainable, fit-for-purpose solutions for business capabilities.
Partner with IT project management, delivery teams, and Commercialization stakeholders for delivery of solutions.
Communicates successes and issues accurately, urgently, and to the right audience, and takes accountability for ensuring effective management of expectations with business stakeholders.
Coordinate & execute user acceptance testing
Key Competencies:
Demonstrated mastery of key business analysis skills, including business architecture, business process management, and communications.
Ability to build productive, trusted relationships with business stakeholders at all levels and IT colleagues.
Ability to translate complex and ambiguous business needs into compelling business cases and rational solutions which leverage enterprise technologies.
Strong domain expertise in the application of IT in Pharmaceutical/Commercialization including a broad understanding of typical business processes and technology capabilities.
Excellent collaboration and communication skills; ability to organize and present ideas in a convincing and compelling manner; ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical teams.
Strong business acumen; broad, enterprise-wide view and understanding of strategy, processes and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance.
Exceptional interpersonal skills; able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical teams; able to provide technical leadership
Able to quickly learn business processes
Actively maintains awareness of external drivers in the business domain and relevant technology trends
Outgoing personality; self-starter able to work interactively and independently with stakeholders
Desired Experience
Information Technology background with at least 5+ years of experience working in a business analyst and project management capacity on large and/or complex projects in the Pharmaceutical Industry
Demonstrated ability to create and support a dynamic culture of innovation and continuous improvement in a matrix organization.
Proven ability in gathering, tracing, translating and managing complex requirements, business rules, and data
Experience with process modeling tools (ARIS, Visio, etc.) to identify, capture, define, and analyze business processes
Other Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree and Years of Experience preferred (3-5 years)
Formal Business Analysis Certification; IIBA ECBA/CCBA/CBAP Certification or PMI-PBA a strong plus


Bristol-Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
