Overview

Provides analytical, planning, coordination, and implementation support to performance improvement activities and projects across VNSNY CHOICE Health Plans. Assists department leadership with tracking implementation, monitoring organizational change effectiveness, designing analytical approaches, as well as data collection and analysis, report writing, and process mapping.

Responsibilities

Develops a strong understanding of all VNSNY CHOICE Health Plans strategic business objectives and business unit operations. Assists department with articulating business issues and designing project approaches. Provides data collection, analytical support to team and monitors assigned projects.

Defines core processes and maps current states for redesign projects; assists with solution design. Provides facilitation support at meetings as required. Develops trusting relationships with leadership across VNSNY.

Collects and analyzes performance and financial data. Summarizes, creates, and distributes reports as needed.

Participates on projects, including assisting in defining the scope of projects, developing project plans, and ensuring forward momentum of projects toward stated goals. Tracks and monitors project work plans, including objectives, tasks and time frames to ensure deliverables are completed on time. Responds to changing project circumstances and communicates issues to project leadership. Takes a flexible, team player approach, willing to pitch in whenever and wherever needed.

Writes reports, memos and other communications as needed. Coordinates report production as needed.

Leads and participates in interdepartmental work groups as needed in support of performance improvement projects.

Demonstrates departments commitment to excellent customer service through prompt response to all internal and external customers. Represents the departments capabilities and mission effectively to internal and external customers. Communication is tactful, empathetic, professional, clear and assertive when needed.

CA2020

Qualifications
Education: Bachelors Degree in Business, a related discipline, or the equivalent work experience required. Masters Degree in Business Administration, Public Administration or related field preferred.


Experience: Minimum three years progressive experience in consulting, operations or financial analysis, or related discipline required. Proficient with personal computers, including Microsoft Windows Excel, Word, Access, Power Point required. Project management and facilitation skills required
