Senior FP&A Analyst | (New York)

Build Your Career | Love Your Work | Make a Difference

Payoneer's mission is to empower businesses to go beyond – beyond borders, limits and expectations. In today's digital world, Payoneer enables any business of any size from anywhere to access new economic opportunities by making it possible to transact as easily globally as they do locally.

Payoneer's digital payments platform streamlines global commerce for millions of small businesses, marketplaces and enterprises from over 200 countries and territories. Leveraging robust technology, compliance, operations and banking infrastructure, Payoneer delivers a suite of services that includes cross-border payments, working capital, tax solutions and risk management. Powering growth for customers ranging from aspiring entrepreneurs in emerging markets to the world's leading brands like Airbnb, Amazon, Google and Upwork, Payoneer makes global commerce easy and secure.

We are seeking a Senior Financial Planning and Reporting Analyst to join the growing team at the company's New York City headquarters. This is a unique opportunity to work at a proven and rapidly expanding international company with an entrepreneurial start-up culture combined with years of profitability and consistent growth. Payoneer is backed by highly respected global investors and is well capitalized.

This position will appeal to candidates who value exposure to C-level and executive management and can step up to the challenges of helping manage an innovator within the multi-trillion dollar global payments and commerce enablement space. Candidates should possess entrepreneurial spirit, intellectual curiosity, strategic-mindedness and strong analytical, financial modeling, writing, and verbal skills. We are seeking a candidate who is a team-player and able to perform with minimal hand holding. The candidate must be able to work with teammates across many cultures and time zones, as the team works together closely while spread between office locations in New York, London, Tel Aviv, and Hong Kong.

The position will have a very wide range of responsibilities including:
Analysis of the company's businesses, products and geographies;
Financial modeling, forecasting and trend analysis;
Act as an internal consultant and support global business managers in interpreting data and trends and recommend solutions to grow their businesses;
Creation of Investor and Board of Directors presentations;
Assisting in structuring strategic deals and partnerships; and
Working on a range of analyses to support the CFO and other leaders of the company.
In addition to FP&A, the position will work with other areas of Finance including accounting, corporate development, and treasury. The position will interact with all areas of the company including Business Development, Sales & Marketing, Product Development, R&D, and Operations, and will have the opportunity to work directly with the CEO, CFO and other key executives. The position will also have the opportunity to travel internationally and even live abroad on a global rotation.

Experience: Seeking candidates preferably from a top-tier university with a superior academic record and global perspective with experience in investment banking, consulting, venture capital, private equity, corporate finance or related.

Interest in entrepreneurial environments and knowledge of the payments / FinTech space are a plus. Prior international work experience is also plus.

Payoneer is backed by a group of highly-regarded investors including Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV), Temasek Holdings, Wellington Management, Susquehanna Growth Equity, Viola Ventures, NYCA Partners, and Ping An Ventures. Payoneer is profitable, has a strong balance sheet, and has access to additional funds for future growth. Most recently, Payoneer has acquired payment orchestration platform Optile, a Munich-based firm that specializes in Merchant Acquiring.
