The mission at Wicket Labs is to level the playing field for media companies in an arena where data determines the winners. The founding team is well-positioned with over 40 years of combined experience working for and with the biggest media companies in the world. We are building the Wicket Scorecard as the only audience insights platform for media companies who need a unique acuity into their video business and an ability to up-level their decision making.

Wicket Labs is a venture-backed, Seattle based company with a commitment to integrity, diversity, empathy, and curiosity. We are looking for a New York-based Business Analyst to help us manage and grow our customer base.

JOB DESCRIPTION

Join a small team creating a big impact product. We’re looking for a Business Analyst based in New York to develop and grow our customer base, act as a customer advocate in driving product enhancements, and partner with our client services team to extend the value of our product to our customers.

What You’ll Do
Create a detailed business analysis. Outline problems, opportunities, and solutions for our business partners and report back to internal and external stakeholders
Monitor customer accounts to track data accuracy. Identify market trends and best practices related to data configuration and reporting
Identify and manage the resolution of outstanding issues within customer accounts
Act as the customer advocate across the company including driving product enhancements to meet customer needs
Work directly with our customers to understand changes to their current tech stack and business initiatives in order to update the Wicket Scorecard
Collaborate with your colleagues across the company to optimize processes and design effective internal tools
Skills and Qualifications
4 or more years of business analysis and/or technical project management experience
Advanced Excel skills and strong SQL experience
Familiarity with Amazon Web Services and Agile development methodologies preferred
Strong communication, organization and presentation skills
Confidence in presenting to senior-level decision-makers on project status and business analysis
Educational attainment of a Bachelor's Degree or higher
Proven analytical skills
Ability to read and write code is a plus
We strongly believe in the value of diversity, equity, and inclusion and aim to reflect that belief in the team that we build. We hope you consider joining us.
