Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 14,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Job Summary:

The Business Systems Analyst is responsible for analytical and system administration support as well as executing User Acceptance Testing of modifications, enhancements, and configuration changes made to Direct Bank applications to ensure they accurately test business and functional requirements. This includes assisting with Test Plans and scenarios, writing scripts, and evaluating the outcome. Assist with administering user application access and provide basic research and question/answer support. The position provides subject matter expertise and problem resolution to applications, including, but not limited to, core banking application (deposit accounting and customer information), Online Account Opening, public website, Campaign Management, communication hub, contact center support system, and mobile banker platforms. Job responsibilities are performed with a significant degree of latitude and autonomy

Major Responsibilities:

UAT Planning/Execution (40%):

Develop UAT artifacts, including Test Plans and Test Scenarios for projects that require configuration changes. Write Test Cases and Test Scripts, and prepare Exit Documentation to ensure risk of system defects are mitigated and/or eliminated. Ensure testing meets established exit criteria before final approval. Oversee test execution schedule and milestones and ensure daily and weekly test execution quotas are being met. Execute Test Scripts, validate actual vs expected test results, and document defects when actual results do not meet expected results.

Analytical / System Support (30%):

Ensure process changes are accurate, effective, and wholly documented. Prepare thorough reports / remediation policies on issues that arise during configuration / testing. Apply business expertise and analytical skills to resolve basic business issues and problems as assigned. Update UAT procedures, standards, and other documentation under the direction of a senior-level analyst and/or manager. Process configuration changes, such as user permissions, parameter settings and workflow; report on configuration changes to management. Assist with major and minor release management by conducting release validation from the business perspective.

Defect Management (20%):

Ensure defect documentation accurately reflects the discrepancy between expected and actual results. Ensure defects are resolved within established timeframes and escalate defects that require attention of a senior-level analyst or manager. Test defect resolution to ensure defect has actually been resolved.

Administrative / Miscellaneous (10%):

Participate in meetings, maintain meeting minutes, and ensure documentation is complete and accurate. May represent team on project meetings, committees, and cross-functional teams. Conduct analyses used to support management decisions.
Qualifications


Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
The candidate should have prior experience conducting testing, developing Business Requirements, and/or performing technical support.
Ability to think and act from the standpoint of a system user, such as an external customer and/or internal business partner.
Strong analytical, written/verbal communication and problem-solving skills.
Strong attention to detail.
Ability to work both in a team environment under guidance and with minimal supervision.
Strong time management skills and ability to meet tight deadlines.
Flexibility to shift focus from one application or project to another.
Strong MS Excel, Word, and PowerPoint skills.
Experience working with Quality Center, Profile, nGage, and mBanker applications.
Education, Licensure, Year of Experience (and type of work experience):
Bachelors Degree in Business, Information Systems, or a related field desirable but not required.
2-3 years of Banking, Quality Assurance, and Business Analyst experience
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
