Job Description
Watermark is currently seeking a Business Analyst in New York. This position is part of the SVP of Operations and Business Intelligence Team and will be responsible for helping to build, maintain and present sales and business metrics, reports, and dashboards for Watermark Insights. Additionally, this individual will work with functional leaders on various product performance projects and assisting with other ad-hoc projects.

Responsibilities
Assist with the ongoing analysis of business performance to support daily business operations
Provide analytical support that drives key sales and finance decisions
Design and interpret key performance metrics. Deliver insights & recommendations
Assist in developing and delivering presentations for senior executives
Analyze competitive intelligence and pricing to improve product performance
Support strategic initiatives
Assist in troubleshooting operational issues as they surface; propose changes to systems/ processes to fix root causes
Prepare analysis and recommendations for strategic decision making
Assist with ad-hoc project management
Skills/Requirements

To be considered for and to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty and responsibility satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.

Desired Skills/Experience:
3+ years of relevant work experience
Valuable work experience focused on quantitative analysis, Excel, and logical reasoning
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university
Self-starter and a high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at hand
Exceptional problem-solving skills: demonstrated ability to structure complex problems, develop solutions
Strong presentation skills, especially related to building compelling PowerPoint presentations
Work experience in consulting, finance, or sales operations is a plus
Experience with Salesforce strongly preferred
Experience with SQL, Tableau, R, Python and/or Business Objects (or similar analytical packages) a plus
Experience with JIRA, Confluence, and Aha! a plus
Perks
Competitive salary
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance
Paid Family Leave
401(k) with match
Health club discounts, including up to a $400 annual fitness reimbursement
Flexible work options and paid Volunteer Day!
Fantastic office location and fun, collaborative work environment
About Watermark

Watermark’s mission is to put better data into the hands of administrators, faculty, and students everywhere in order to empower them to connect information and gain insights into learning which will drive meaningful improvements. The company serves a highly engaged client base of more than 1,700 colleges and universities worldwide, with solutions for planning, assessment, ePortfolios, faculty activity reporting, course evaluations and institutional surveys, as well as curriculum, catalog, and syllabus management.

With award-winning solutions, Watermark is united and operates under one unique, value statement: People with Principles and Purpose drive Progress. In addition to an open, diverse, and inclusive culture built on transparency and continuous improvement, Watermarkers enjoy a competitive benefits packages, including flexible work arrangements, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, wellness perks, and more!

Watermark is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against an individual based on the individual's race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic or activity.
