iHeartMedia is the number one audio company in the United States, reaching nine out of 10 Americans every month – and with its quarter of a billion monthly listeners, has a greater reach than any other media company in the U.S. The company's leadership position in audio extends across multiple platforms including 850 live broadcast stations; streaming music, radio and on demand via its iHeartRadio digital service available across more than 250 platforms and 2,000 devices including smart speakers, digital auto dashes, tablets, wearables, smartphones, virtual assistants, TVs and gaming consoles; through its influencers; social; branded iconic live music events; and podcasts as the #1 commercial podcast publisher globally. iHeartMedia also leads the audio industry in analytics and attribution technology for its marketing partners, using data from its massive consumer base.

The Business Analyst will be tasked with supporting analytics for programs/projects within our innovative solutions development team. This role will be key in ensuring we achieve organization around requirements gathering to both vet out the business case for financial investment and ensure that stakeholder requirements are captured, agreed upon and measured. This person will work with stakeholders from within the entire iHeartMedia organization, ensuring understanding and representation of strategy and goals within product development. The ideal candidate will quickly develop a deep understanding of our business and be comfortable engaging, interacting and communicating with business leaders and team members. When encountering a problem this position requires demonstrated creativity in solutioning, weighing the tradeoffs and efforts, identifying the best path forward, and exercising good judgment to drive ahead.

Responsibilities:
Elicit requirements from stakeholders and subject matter experts using interviews, documenting analysis, conducting requirements workshops, creating storyboards, surveys, business process analysis, use cases or user stories, scenarios, event lists, competitive product analysis, task and workflow analysis.
Work with the product manager or project sponsor to document the project's business requirements and support efforts throughout development cycle, from requirements gathering, testing and UAT.
Deliver business requirements documentation and associated artifacts to garner appropriate sign offs and confirmation these meet objectives defined.
Elicit information from stakeholders to define and document holistic end-to end processes that incorporate various enterprise business units.
Write requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language simply, clearly, unambiguously, and concisely.
Represent requirements using alternative views, such as visual analysis models (diagrams), prototypes, or simulations, where appropriate.
Interact with internal and external clients to extract, interpret and communicate data.
Draw out key business insights and provide actionable recommendations.
Lead requirements analysis and verification, ensuring that requirement statements are complete, consistent, concise, comprehensible, traceable, feasible, unambiguous, and verifiable, and that they conform to standards.
Participate in peer reviews of work products derived from requirements specifications to ensure that the requirements were interpreted correctly.
Track requirements and manage changes to baseline requirements through effective and appropriate application of change control processes and tools.
Implement ways to develop awareness and reuse requirements across projects.
Develop subject matter expertise on assigned efforts, as well as how other applications integrate within the associated environment.
Collaborate with technical stakeholders to develop user acceptance test plans and use cases for assigned projects.
Track UAT deficiencies against test plans. Develop UAT defect registry and track project efforts to resolve test deficiencies.
Develop end user guides for various technical programs/efforts.
Qualifications:
3+ years of experience in an operations or project management related position with a track record of successful execution.
3+ years of experience in gathering business input and writing business requirements documentation with business implementation.
An understanding of contemporary requirements gathering, analysis, specification, validation, and management practices and the ability to apply them in practice.
Be extremely proficient in systems thinking skills to see the interactions and relationships between the people, processes, and technology involved in an environment.
Analytical skills represented throughout all phases of SDLC.
Highly organized, exceptional problem-solving skills, ability to multitask and manage competing priorities.
Proven experience leading projects and delivering against commitments and timelines
Ability to work independently, and strong desire to overcome challenges and results oriented
Ability to explain complicated or technical information in a simple way to non-technical audiences
Interpersonal skills, to help negotiate priorities and to resolve conflicts among project stakeholders (such as customers, product management, and engineering).
Tenacious commitment to continuous business improvement.
The ideal candidate must also possess a flexible work style.
Experience in agile software development organizations.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Media/industry knowledge is preferred.
