We are looking for a Business Analyst with an interest in financial markets and in particular financial risk and investment management, keen eye for details, affinity with data processing, and a natural interest in technology.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with colleagues in New York, London and Amsterdam to develop and enhance the Firm's global risk and investment management platform.
Develop and automate production of various statistics and reports (Valuation, Risk, Pl. Predict, Pnl Explain, Scenario Analysis).
Build tools to extract data from the Firm's source operational systems, transforming and loading into data visualization tools.
Integrate firm's reporting system with third party risk vendors for prices, valuations, positions and risk measures
Work with Risk and Investment Team members and Portfolio Managers to build out analytics in order to capture data as completely as possible.
Carry out ad-hoc risk analysis for the Firm's Risk Managers, Portfolio Managers and Investment Committee as required.
Work closely with users and key stakeholders to understand requirements, ensure thorough communication and ensure that expectations are being managed.
Help manage releases and deployments of updates to firmwide systems.
Liaise with the Firm's development team to ensure that databases are developed in line with the evolution of the underlying source systems.
Support, maintain and improve the Firm's existing data capture systems. This will include monitoring performance, maintaining source control of code, and ensuring code and processes are well-documented.
Investigate and resolve production issues in a timely manner.
Modeling of data structures and processes for equities, fixed income, FX, credit, rates, volatility and exotic products.
Other duties as assigned.
Desirable Candidates:
Bachelor's Degree or further degree in Data Science or other quantitative subject.
Strong programming, technical, and analytical skills.
Experience with Tableau, Python and developing web applications.
Solid understanding of Relational Databases, with strong T-SQL skills using SQL Server.
Excel/VBA experience would be useful.
Ability to focus on multiple projects at once and troubleshoot problems quickly.
