Job Description Summary
The role of the Supply Chain Planning Business Partner lead is to serve as the TGS representative responsible for partnering with the Integrated Supply Chain Planning Organization. This role is responsible for driving and shaping demand as well as ensuring the delivery of Technology & Global Services (TGS) solutions for the Integrated Supply Chain Planning function, globally.

This individual will serve as a point person to the Supply Chain Planning leadership team and will lead a team of business analysts that will conduct solution and business process analysis and prepare the appropriate solution direction and manage the delivery of the technology work, for this function.

This individual will be required to collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to ensure that the Supply Chain Planning function is proactively provided with strategic thought leadership and that demand is shaped, prioritized, and delivered.

This is a great opportunity for someone to facilitate bringing the appropriate technology, process and workplace solutions together as they contribute to the Supply Chain Planning agenda of BD.

This leadership position reports directly to the TGS Central Teams Business Partner for the Integrated Supply Chain and will serve on the leadership teams of both the TGS Central Team Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) team and the Supply Chain Planning leadership team.
Job Description


The objective of this role is to actively partner with the Integrated Supply Chain Planning Leadership team to understand their strategic priorities and work to identify ways that TGS can support and advance those objectives. Primary responsibilities will include:
Developing a deep knowledge of BDs Supply Chain Planning environment, including key driver goals, short- and long-term road-maps, key personnel, etc.
Establish and earn value-adding, strategic partner relationship maturity for yourself and for the entire TGS function
Partner with the Integrated Supply Chain leadership to plan new joint initiatives, evaluate proposals, and determine how they fit into road-maps and priorities
Identify and define new opportunities to leverage technology and/or process re-design to advance business strategies that directly contribute to driving revenue growth, cost optimization and/or risk mitigation and compliance.
Develop strategies for optimal deployment and adoption of new technology capabilities, services and solutions across the business and/or the end-customers.
Manage and facilitate TGS partner teams to ensure delivery provides the desired outcomes
Partner with Segments, Regions and Central Business Partners to integrate Supply Chain Planning initiatives across the enterprise to accelerate BDX
Work with other TGS Business Partners and TGS Core Areas of Delivery to ensure that solutions are not siloed and that they are informed by, and are integrated with, BDs enterprise road-maps
Ensure projects and initiatives are delivered, providing consistent and effective communication on status and managing escalation and avoiding risk.
Build Knowledge and capability in Supply Chain Planning technologies and processes in emerging as well as improvements to existing investments by keeping abreast of industry trends and Subject matter expertise in usage of new trends such as AI and ML in the context of planning.
Measure and communicate value realized on a periodic basis through defined and agreed upon metrics and supporting analysis.
Serve as a continuous connector. Energized by a role that is focused on partnership and facilitation. Operates through the lens of what can we do to simplify and improve things.
Primary Work Location
USA NJ - Franklin Lakes
Additional Locations
Work Shift
NA (United States of America)
