Healthline is looking for a solution oriented and analytical minded Analyst for our Market Research & Insights team. You will be responsible for executing research projects for Healthline and on our client programs across platforms and sites. You will pull data across several platforms, track project status, design questionnaires, write reports and understand how to tell a story from data. In addition to leveraging your primary market research skills, you will have the opportunity to work with syndicated data tools to develop insights related to our audience and the markets we support.

Our teams work with some of the top brands and digital agencies and we are looking for someone who can help contribute to our continued success and rapid growth. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to join a growing team and top 45 media property.

What You'll Do:
Support team members in any and all necessary aspects of research execution; contributions may include but are not limited to media plan review, survey testing, coordinating survey launch with internal teams, data analysis, and creation of reports
With supervision and coaching, you will be responsible for playing an integral role in overall project quality by the continuous monitoring of sample/data while providing updates to internal teams
Pull data and ensure its accuracy through various data resources and survey tools, including Comscore, Google Analytics, GfK MRI, MARS Consumer Health Study, MediaRadar, Moat, Kantar Strategy, SurveyMonkey, SurveyWriter, etc.
Communicate with internal teams to ensure clear understanding of project timelines and status
Responsible for timely delivery of internal data requests/insights and market research reports
Work with internal stakeholders to understand true client goals and ultimate measures of campaign success
What We're Looking For:
At least 1+ years of market research experience
Bachelor's degree (Psychology, Marketing, Statistics or Social Sciences preferred) or equivalent experience
Familiarity with digital media or health/pharma industry
Knowledge of statistical software (SPSS, SAS etc.) or Tableau a plus
Strong computer skills: Excel, PowerPoint, Word or Google Equivalent
Excellent analytical and organization skills, with attention to detail and accuracy
A resourceful, nimble self-starter, with a willingness to pitch in wherever needed
A can-do, positive attitude that fosters a collaborative team environment
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously in a timely manner
Who We Are:

Healthline.com is the fastest growing health information brand, the 2nd largest health site in the US (per comScore) and reaches over 200 million people a month globally. The business is high growth and solidly profitable, employing ~300 people in San Francisco, New York and the UK. We are a purpose-driven organization with a vision to create a stronger, healthier world. Healthline is a certified Great Place to Work and has been named to the Top 5 in Ad Age's Best Places to Work in 2019.

Founded in 2000, Red Ventures is a portfolio of growing digital businesses that bring consumers and brands together through integrated e-commerce, strategic partnerships and many proprietary brands including Healthline, Bankrate, AllConnect.com and Reviews.com. Headquartered south of Charlotte, NC, Red Ventures has over 3000 employees in offices across the US, as well as London and Sao Paulo.

Healthline Media is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate on any legally recognized basis, including but not limited to race, color, religion, sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. We also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act as amended and applicable state and local law. No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination on the basis of these factors. If you require an accommodation in the application process, please advise your recruiter.
