About Our Client

Patience

They represent the investment office of a European family and have no fixed investment period. They prefer to create value over the long term by reinventing cash flow while avoiding excessive leverage.

Partnership

They work actively with existing management teams recognizing that long-term business success is the result of a team effort. They view their role as providing additional capital for acquisitions and growth projects and support and expertise to take its companies to the next level.

Continuity

They partner with companies that are led by strong management teams and have a successful history and culture. They firmly believe in their companies continuing with the elements that made them successful.

About the Business Process Manager:

We are seeking a Business Process Manager to join a rapidly growing organization. The Business Process Manager is a newly created role on the PMO team, and will be responsible for process documentation on various types of projects. The successful candidate would have excellent communication skills and be able to produce documentation to a high standard that may be written for various levels in the organization, from C-suite to developer. The right candidate for this role needs to have excellent attention to detail, and must have strong relationship-building skills, capable of establishing effective working relationships with clients and business representatives.

Responsibilities:
Partner closely with various stakeholders and teams throughout the organization and our clients in order to identify, document and analyze core business processes and workflows
Facilitate workshops with various SME's (process owners, department managers, etc.) in order to document existing business processes. Identify any areas for improvement or increased efficiencies, and share your findings with the VP of PMO
Maintain a Business Process database, ensuring you effectively document and maintain existing process, process maps, and workflows. Ensure any updates or changes are captured in order to maintain an accurate database
Identify and document any potential issues and risks, and proactively share and communicate your findings
Suggest projects and enhancements based on process documentation, discovery and workshops
Analyze and document dependencies between new and existing processes and identify opportunities for improvements
Develop and deliver end-to-end process training materials to better support business needs
Requirements:
At least 5 - 7 years of experience as a high-level/senior Business Analyst, on large and complex projects
Strong skills in Process Mapping and Business Process Re-engineering
Strong analytical skills with a demonstrated ability to extensively analyze business processes and workflows
Experience facilitating workshops and focus groups
Strong business/client engagement skills
Knowledge of Lean principles
Experience developing business requirements
Experience developing instructional and procedural documentation and presentations
High level of competence with MS Office and MS Visio (or other enterprise BPA/BPM tool)
Expert knowledge of UML (Unified Modeling Language)
