JobTitle: Technical Business Analyst
Location: New York City
Duration: 6 months to start with extensions expected

To apply or for more information please email Elizabeth.Fox@NTTData.com
Lead requirements elicitation for Client's new group data reporting solution.
Good level of Insurance domain understanding, ideally, but not essential, will have experience in data warehousing projects.
Responsible for creating Business Requirement Documentation for Group Level reporting requirements, working across US, UK and Bermuda.
Engage stakeholders and lead and run workshops across US, UK and Bermuda.
In parallel understand and capture the local reporting requirements in the US, to feed into the GDS solution in a later phase.
Understanding of Azure DevOps, which is the tool of choice, to build and manage the requirements backlog.
Some technical understanding regarding data models and database design development
Technical skills including specific tools, methodologies, frameworks : MS Azure cloud, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Server, Power BI, Azure DevOps, GIT and SQL Management studio
Client facing, communication, soft skills required, specific experience, industry experience. 6-8 years experience
This position will be remote until Covid=19 restrictions are lifted

The Company is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law. To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result.
