Job Title: Business Analyst
Location: Albany, NY
Duration: 30 Months

Job Description:
Assist in facilitating requirements for data migration by working with stakeholders to define business needs for specific deliverables, and documenting them in a consistent, complete and, above all, useful way for the team that will eventually design and deliver a solution.
Manage large-scale business analysis work or projects with distinct deliverables to a solution.
Recognize business process management methodologies (e.g., elicitation and documenting of business process requirements, business process modeling, As-Is and To- Be workflow development and gap analysis, best business practice research, target environment definition, etc.) to define and analyze current business processes in order to remodel/design new processes and improve on existing ones.
Develop test plans for projects to ensure user and program requirements are met.
Internal and external stakeholder communications and outreach, including the development of presentations and other materials that promote the rethinking of core business processes and envisioning of a reengineered environment.
Facilitation of multiple project teams to gather and document business process requirements.
Capable of working without assistance and can provide guidance for others.
Perform thorough analysis and gather information from the business for redesign and document existing business process using UML diagrams.
Required Skills
60 months working on large scale Business Requirement Projects with at least 150+ users which involved the application of strategies to collect business process requirements for new applications.
60 months experience working as the Lead Business Analyst on projects that utilized business process management methodologies (e.g., elicitation and documenting of business process requirements, business process modeling, As-Is and To- Be workflow development and gap analysis, best business practice research, target environment definition, etc.) to define and analyze current business processes in order to remodel/design new processes and improve on existing ones.
24 months of analysis in migrating legacy data into an enterprise COTS solution and analyzing other integrated dependent systems to new COTS solution
60 months experience with internal and external stakeholder communications and outreach, including the development of presentations and other materials that promote the rethinking of core business processes and envisioning of a reengineered environment.
24 months experience identifying data quality issues, data quality, data validation rules, database constraints, and other data migration efforts.
