Overview:

Responsible for facilitating complex projects from proposal through post implementation. Participates in meetings with lines of business to identify their requirements in how an application looks and feels to the end user; provides feedback on them. Serves as project lead to ensure test plans and specifications are completed in a timely basis and project meets established milestones. Considered Subject Matter Expert in assigned systems within 18 months of being assigned.

Primary Responsibilities:
Responsible for preparing well documented functional specifications for assigned projects, test plans, test cases and execution of test cases. Responsible for research analysis of complex data ensuring functional design of assigned projects is accurate. Serve as mentor to less experienced staff by assisting in application training, research analysis and project methodology consultation.
Serve as functional lead on complex projects for assigned applications. Schedule and facilitate project team meetings, document and distribute meeting minutes as applicable.
Meet with business client to discuss requested application changes related to an enterprise-wide or business initiative, compliance/regulatory requirement, required system change due to contractual agreement or system maintenance (business as usual [BAU]) ensuring a thorough understanding of specifications for assigned applications. Participate in design discussions and document/deliver required functional specifications.
Participate in meetings with lines of business to identify their requirements in how an application looks and feels to the end user and provide feedback to clients regarding business requirements to ensure technology applications support internal/external customer needs and products/services as provided by lines of business. Review business requirements with technology team to ensure understanding of project requirements.
Coordinate and provide estimates for large projects and complete estimates for assigned component on assigned projects, inclusive of timelines and project phases.
Serve as subject matter expert to consult and advise on how applications may be impacted by enterprise-wide initiatives, like an acquisition or major change in products/services provided to customers.
Work with vendor and technical team to gain a thorough understanding of project functionality and provide insight on implementation.
May serve as Test Coordinator for large project initiatives involving multiple applications
Participate in and document data mapping for integration of systems, conversion, and acquisition-related projects to understand how applications may need to change or be impacted by enterprise-wide initiatives, like regulatory requirements, other system enhancements or business initiatives.
Work with other testing teams, when applicable, to prepare test plans and scripts based on functional specifications, and manage and/or execute test cases verifying that changes and enhancements work and perform as required. Serve as functional lead with other project team members on other systems that impact the project
Monitor functional specifications and change requests to ensure project stays within scope and meets regulatory requirements, while ensuring adherence to business requirements and Corporate Technology standards. Ensure the Bank process and documentation is followed to ensure adherence to Corporate Technology standards and regulatory requirements.
Ensure change requests are consistently documented, reviewed and resolved to ensure application is working to support products/services required by line of business.
Ensure efficient and timely resolution of issues arising from testing or implementation to ensure expected performance. Ensure issues, incidences and questions are documented, reported and resolved as required.
Coordinate and manage post implementation by getting feedback, resolving any issues and completing a debrief including actual to plan for timeline and financials.
Understand and adhere to the Companys risk and regulatory standards, policies and controls in accordance with the Companys Risk Appetite. Identify risk-related issues needing escalation to management.
Promote an environment that supports diversity and reflects the M & T Bank brand.
Maintain M & T internal control standards, including timely implementation of internal and external audit points together with any issues raised by external regulators as applicable.
Complete other related duties as assigned.
Education and Experience Required:

Minimum of 6 years combined higher education and/or operational/business analytics experience

Strong verbal and written communication skills

Strong organizational skills

Strong time management skills

Strong lateral thinking skills

Strong problem-solving skills

Proficiency with personal computers as well as pertinent software packages.

Excellent problem solving skills to assist in issue resolution.

Education and Experience Preferred:

Bachelor's degree

Subject matter expert in business with knowledge or experience utilizing application/system being supported.

Capable of working on multiple projects of a complex nature.

Advanced understanding of applications supported with a sound knowledge of interfacing/integrated applications.

Advanced knowledge and focus of the entire system to work on projects outside of normal BAU.

Ability to effectively use project management, word processing and spreadsheet applications.

Excellent understanding of the Banks application framework.

Familiarity with application development software and hardware platforms.

Ability to understand business(es) being supported and its terminology.

Ability to effectively present to all levels of management

Ability to multitask for various components of complex projects.

Ability to coordinate between applications and business units.

Ability to work in a team environment as well as autonomously.

Ability to recognize project milestones and delivery dates.

Ability to recommend and implement solutions.

Proactive

Detail-oriented.

Strong understanding of Bank acquisition methodology or relevant conversion experience

Location
Buffalo, New York, United States of America
