Our client is conducting a search for an experienced Business Analyst reporting to the Director of R&D IT. This role will partner with leaders in the R&D and QA, to ensure delivery of information technology solutions that generate business value. This role will also interface with other IT team members and partnering business functions to ensure successful alignment across groups.

The IT Business Analyst -R&D role engages with business users to understand and document detailed business requirement, workflows, reporting specifications and help define operational system processes. This position requires having a good understanding of Pharmaceutical R&D business processes specifically in the areas of Clinical Operations, Clinical Development, Regulatory Affairs & Quality Systems. This person will have the ability to analyze and understand the usage of existing system landscape both on-premise as well as COTS/SaaS solution capabilities and create detailed business requirements for implementation using the right fit model. The position also requires strong project management, written and verbal communication skills and an ability to collaborate with management, users and other teams within the organization.

The ideal candidate will be well versed in technologies used in R&D and Quality such as CTMS/EDC, SAS, Veeva, Master Control, EDMS and other analytical software packages. Role works with department leads to identify opportunities, develops business cases, defines requirements and works closely with counterparts and the project team to ensure successful system implementations and their support.

Requirements
The individual will work closely with clients to understand their business, the challenges they face, and how best to introduce technology as an enabler to support them in achieving their goals and operational effectiveness.
The candidate should be able to provide valuable thought leadership that helps drive business success. They should be comfortable listening and understanding business needs, asking insightful questions, and working with a team to solution and execute on the solution.
Portfolio Management in this position outlines your responsibility for managing the business / client requests and working with the Director of R&D IT in demand planning, portfolio and financial management for all IT engagements.
Project Ownership as a responsibility requires you to drive execution of key projects as well as understand how they work and integrate into the business ecosystem.
Perform business and functional analysis activities for projects as required. Analyze business requests to determine the best approach to creating successful resolution delivery solutions/projects effectively and efficiently.
Process understanding and documentation. Ensure that project documentation is complete and all Quality requirements are executed upon.
Ensure that all customer expectations have been met through delivery of services or projects
Analyze and understand existing system landscape utilized by R&D, identify opportunities for improvement and make proposals for solution implementation
Create, manage and maintain process diagrams and process definition documents
Gathering and analyzing requirements to improve existing processes
Evaluate processes and existing technology and platform and their ability to provide efficient and effective control in relationship to industry 'best practices'
Be the "Go To" resource for business users in troubleshooting 2 nd level system issues
Performing the role of project manager in leading and managing implementations of on-premise as well as 3rd party applications.
Assess business needs, scout for technology solutions in the market and onboard optimum solution to enhance business productivity.
Other duties as assigned
Required Experience

Experience and Skills

Qualifications
Bachelors in a field related to Information Technology, Science or Business
5+ years of experience working as a System Analyst within R&D IT environment
5+ years of experience in project management and business analysis
PMP certification is a plus
Understanding the Business - Will know the business and the mission-critical technical and functional skills needed to do the job; understands various types of business propositions and how businesses operate in general; learns new methods and technologies easily.
Communicating Effectively - Writes and presents effectively; adjusts to fit the audience and the message; strongly gets a message across.
Ability to work well within a team to learn and share knowledge
Ability to speak the user’s language when talking to the business and the ability to speak technology when devising the solution with other colleagues in IT
Have keen sense of quality awareness to support regulated system processes
Willing to travel to the other offices if needed
Skills & Knowledge
Hands on working knowledge of SAS as an implementer - installed, configured and supported SAS applications
Good understanding of Veeva R&D suites specifically Submission & Registration Vaults
Familiar with CTMS/EDC applications and related technology/processes
Familiar with Quality Management Systems and related technologies such as MasterControl, Electronic Document Management System
System validation experience is a must
Good understanding of SDLC and CFR Part 11 is a big plus
MS SharePoint Online, Office 365 experience
Agile Project Management
Business Analysis/Requirements Analysis
Life Sciences Analytics Experience and familiarity with various tools such as Spotfire/EAST
Knowledge/Experience with the IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework - a plus
Experience working on a Life Sciences organization
