Job Description

Are you a skilled Business Analyst with a solid financial services background?

If you're interested in a long-term position with an industry leader, we may have the ideal role for you in NYC.

This is a contract to hire opportunity and applicants must be willing and able to work on a w2 basis. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance.

Responsibilities of the Business Analyst:

Elicit, define, and document business requirements
Write functional specifications and perform business process design with ops teams
Liaise between internal and external business community and IT teams
Lead requirements validation and perform system integration testing

Requirements of the Business Analyst:

Bachelor's degree in a relevant discipline required
At least 5 years of experience as a BA
Background in financial services
Project management experience
Ability to communicate across diverse stakeholders
Detail-oriented; ability to lead a project from end to end
Domain knowledge in FX Risk Management and/or legal documentation is ideal

Keywords: Business Analyst, Project Management, Business Process Improvement, FX Risk Management, Financial Services

Job ID: 338104

About Eliassen Group:

Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com.

Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Dont miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
