Medidata: Conquering Diseases Together

Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,400 customers and partners access the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com.

Your Mission:

Medidata is the leader in developing the technologies that allow our customers to get the medicines to patients faster. Building on our long history of delivering world-class clinical applications to the life sciences industry, Medidata’s Product Organization is staffed with a passionate team of product management experts, tackling the industry’s most difficult technical challenges in order to push the boundaries of possibility for our clients and most importantly, for patients. Together we can deliver meaningful advanced digital transformation to the industry in order to achieve our vision.
Designs, develops and manages activities for a specific product or group of products from product definition and planning through production, release, and end of life
Serves as the central resource with design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing as the product(s) move to production and distribution
Involvement lasts throughout all stages of a product’s lifecycle including modifications, upgrades and maintenance of the product or product line
Your Competencies:
Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action
Builds productive internal/external working relationships
Normally receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignments
Your Education & Experience:
Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2 years of related experience; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent work experience
Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.

Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner

Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

#LI-AS2
