Junior Sales Representative

Vela is a leading independent provider of trading and market access technology for global multi-asset electronic trading. Our software enables clients to rapidly access global liquidity, markets, and data sources for superior execution. We help firms successfully differentiate and innovate in an ever-changing, increasingly-regulated and fiercely-competitive landscape, while also reducing total cost of ownership.

Vela's ticker plant, execution gateways, trading platform, and risk and analytics software deliver a unique, ultra-low latency technology stack to simplify and streamline electronic trading. We leverage the latest innovations in technology to deliver cutting-edge performance, features and reliability. Our modular stack provides access to a comprehensive set of trading, data and risk APIs and can be delivered as-a-Service from multiple co-location data centers globally.

With access to more than 250 venues, Vela provides global coverage across all major asset classes. Clients are supported by an award-winning team of technical and business experts available 24x7 from our multiple offices in the US, Europe, and Asia. Vela's clients include traders, market makers, brokers, banks, investment firms, exchanges, and other market participants.

Vela is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Job Profile

Vela is currently seeking a talented Junior Sales Representative who will act in a traditional Lead Generation role to help grow the business. This is an entry level role but a high-profile position for an assertive self-directed individual seeking to fast track their sales career. Candidates must be able to hit the ground running and produce immediate results. Our Junior Sales Representatives are the core function of our business. Junior Sales Representatives identify, initiate, and nurture relationships, both over the phone and via e-mail, with decision makers and qualify sales opportunities for our Sales Directors. Our Junior Sales Representatives generate sales-ready leads with the help of a great sales support team.

This role is ideally suited to a self-motivated individual who relishes being at the forefront of business activities and thrives on their own successes and those of the team and organization.

Key Accountabilities
Collect and record the contact information of prospects and leads
Navigate corporate structures to identify decision makers and determine buying process
Identify prospect's business needs and goals to determine solution
Work closely with Sales Manager to increase close ratio and number of new customers
Able to build strong networks in and outside the organization
Strong communication and organizational skills
Knowledge, Skills & Experience Required
1-2 years' sales experience, or transitional experience in fintech trading software product management or client support
Understanding of equities, derivatives and fixed income a plus
Excellent time management skills
Ability to multi-task and prioritize under pressure, while maintaining high quality output and meeting deadlines
Strong presentation skills
Attention to detail in all aspects of work is essential
Confident communicator
Logical and methodical at trouble-shooting
Good appreciation of the Sales cycle (previous sales/client support or product management experience an advantage)
Understanding of financial markets and related terminology
Further Information

For any further information please get in touch at hr@tradevela.com

or call +1 646 713 2773.
