Do you have 1 to 2 years business experience, but not sure where your current job is heading? Consider a career with an insurance industry leader.

Looking for a career opportunity? Consider Financial Services. HUB International is a leading global insurance brokerage that provides a broad array of property and casualty, life and health, employee benefits, investment and risk management products and services.

HUB Northeasts subsidiary, Program Brokerage Corporation (PBC), is a nationally ranked top wholesaler and powerful market resource for brokers and agents. PBC is seeking a highly motivated college graduate to join our team as a Business Analyst. In this position, you will learn insurance and be trained on our database systems to effectively perform the functions of the job. Just come with a willingness to learn and bring your computer savviness!

Job Function:

Supports the development and maintenance of property and casualty insurance products with shared responsibilities for growth and profitability. The primary role for the Business Analyst is to query, analyze, present data findings and make recommendations to business stakeholders. Analyst will be asked to compile data and build interactive reports which present findings to key decision makers in order to drive value for the organization. Analyze and research business problems and determine effective solutions while automating data delivery with selfservice reporting. Partner with the business units within the organization to design and implement business intelligence solutions. Work productively in a team environment to develop and effectively document business requirements used for the design and development of targeted program solutions while monitoring quality metrics. Effectively leverage and work with technology-based tools to enable data analytics and data management while training users in the use of the technology. Accountability for the adherence of operational quality assurance as well as corporate compliance within the technology based solutions developed in-house. Coordinating regulatory and compliance data calls ensuring all reporting is processed in a timely manner.

Responsibilities

Develop, construct, test, and maintain databases. Design and develop data sets that deliver accurate, consistent results for reporting Support regular and ad-hoc data needs for end users. Provide recommendations and implement ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality Evaluate impact of action plans. Working knowledge of data analysis tools preferred. Ability to lead cross functional teams to take appropriate action Assist in the training process when appropriate. Compile and verify data utilized for monthly reporting. Translate business requirements into technical requirements for developing processes. Perform ad-hoc analysis to find solutions to business inquiries.

Requirements:

Four year college degree in related field Minimum 2 years office experience Knowledgeable in analyzing financial results, profitability, and forecasting. Attention to detail with ability to manage multiple tasks/priorities while working in a fast-paced environment. Flexibility to handle multiple assignments with little supervision. Excellent project management skills. Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills. Strong mathematical aptitude and analytical skills required. Quantitative analysis and critical thinking skills. Intermediate experience using Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Access.

Department Account Management & Service

Required Experience: Less than 1 year of relevant experience

Required Travel: No Travel Required

Required Education: Bachelor's degree (4-year degree)

HUB International Limited is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race/ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran's status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement is available here at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm .

EEOAA Policy at https://hubinternational.jobs/eeo/

E-Verify Program at https://hubinternational.jobs/e-verify/

We endeavor to make this website accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact the US Recruiting Team toll-free at (844) 300-9193 or USRecruiting@hubinternational.com . This contact information is for accommodation requests only; do not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications.
