Job title: Business Analyst
Job type: Permanent
Emp type: Full-time
Salary:
Negotiable
Location: New York, United States
Job published: 2019-10-03
Job ID: 41514

Job Description


Our client is looking for a Business Analyst to join their New York office.

Responsibilities:
Complete project life-cycle management launching new PM Teams into production
Design PM research and trading solutions that adhere to firm standards
Educate PM Teams on the company's operating procedures and technology integration
Lead new strategy roll-out projects internally with Technology, Operations, Legal, Compliance and Risk groups, and, externally with Brokers, Exchanges and Vendors
Provide day-to-day support for various operational procedures such as broker data management, compliance monitoring, trading, and business continuity


Requirements:
This is a selective position. The ideal candidates will have a combination of software development and communication skills with some experience working in a financial services organization, specifically with futures and FX.
2 years of relevant work experience is a plus.
Must have the ability to assist veteran specialists while simultaneously managing multiple long-term and short-term projects independently under very tight project deadlines.
Ability to communicate via producing documentation at all levels.
Working experience of one of the Linux/Unix scripts. Perl, bash, and etc.
Working experience with Linux/Windows Operating Systems and distributed storage solutions preferred. Familiarity with industry standards of server and storage hardware preferred.
Working experience with Python.
Working experience of either C++, C#, or Java programming.
Working experience with SQL. Additional experience with database design is a plus.
The trading focuses on systematic trading in liquid instruments (to wit: global equities, futures and FX). Candidates with specific work experience and knowledge of market regulations in these areas will be strongly preferred but not required.
Education:
A BS in finance, statistics, math, and engineering or computer science is strongly preferred
If you would like to be considered for the position of Business Analyst or wish to discuss the role further then please leave your details below. Your resume will be held in confidence until you connect with a member of our team
