Business Analyst
Job Number: 20-05387

Want to be part of the Energy Industry? Eclaro is looking for Business Analyst
for our client in White Plains, NY.

Eclaro's Client is America's largest state power organization and is a national leader in energy efficiency and clean energy technology. If you’re up to the challenge, then take a chance at this rewarding opportunity!

Position Overview:

This role will support the Application program that entails upgrading several critical applications to ensure they continue to function, and to support Client's goal of becoming a Digital Utility.
This program includes the following projects:
Apps Upgrade
IB/Integration Bus Upgrade
Integration Gateway upgrade (DataPower)
SiteCore Cloud Migration
Live Data Servers Upgrade
Content Server Upgrade
Responsibilities:
The Business Analyst plays a key role gathering functional and technical requirements, conducting data mapping, preparing test plans and scripts, executing testing, assisting with completion of Disaster Recovery and Technology Impact documents, assisting with stakeholder communications and change management. The BA will, at a minimum:
Inventory existing applications requiring upgrades.
Document functional requirements for each application to be upgraded.
Create Business Process flows / Business process documents
Create Technical Requirements documents
Create Requirements Traceability Matrices
Create Test Plans, Scenarios and Scripts. Execute testing.
Assist team with stakeholder communications
Assist team with completion of provided Technology Impact Assessment forms
Weekly status reports. Meeting agendas, materials, and minutes for weekly meetings.
Required Qualifications:
Extensive experience in developing detailed requirements functional and technical.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and interpersonal skills.
Excellent analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving abilities.
A deep understanding of technical concepts, principles and terminology.
Knowledge of data science concepts and experience gathering data requirements.
Ability to work in a team environment with both employees and consultants is a must.
Ability to communicate effectively across many different levels of technical and business teams.
Experience with Agile and hybrid waterfall project methodologies.
Superior presentation and negotiation skills.
Proven management and organizational skills.
Strong adaptability and capacity to work in fast-paced environments.
Experience with Azure, AWS, DataPower, IBM Integration Bus/Websphere a plus
Experience with DevOps and associated tools (Azure DevOps a plus).
Experience with Project Portfolio Management tools (Innotas/PPM Pro) a plus.
Utilities and Governmental experience is a plus.
If hired, you will enjoy the following Eclaro Benefits:
401k Retirement Savings Plan administered by Merrill Lynch
Commuter Check Pretax Commuter Benefits
Eligibility to purchase Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance through Eclaro
If interested, you may contact:
Pam Saba
pamela.saba@eclaro.com
6466952945
Pam Saba | LinkedIn

Equal Opportunity Employer: Eclaro values diversity and does not discriminate based on Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.
