Guy Carpenter is seeking candidates for the following position based in the Hoboken, Seattle, or Edina office (ideally) or to work on remote basis within the United States:


Business Analyst


What can you expect?

As our Business Analyst, youll be part of a four person team responsible for spearheading the global implementation a process automation platform for our Client Service and Support (CSS) functions. The CSS team is the backbone of the organization delivering operations and execution while intersecting with multiple cross-functional teams. The process automation will be include artificial intelligence solutions to enable our colleagues to increase workflow and quality of service.

Youll work closely with both vendors and end users to understand the Guy Carpenter workflow to integrate and optimize artificial intelligence to optimize the platform. Youll help identify system enhancements, identify and remedy software bugs, create and deliver training globally, provide change management support and work closely with new regions to onboard new departments onto the platform.

What's in it for you?
Opportunity for global impact, to work with dynamic and diverse teams across functions and regions to help shape future of work
A company with a strong Brand and strong results to match
Opportunity to support the workforce for one of America's Best Large Employers (named by Forbes two years in row), Most Sustainable Companies (named by Barrons 100), and a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundations 2020 Corporate Equality Index (CEI) and been recognized as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality in the US
A culture of internal mobility, collaboration and extraordinary career opportunities through our four businesses: Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter, and Oliver Wyman, each consistently ranked the industry leader in their fields
Competitive pay and outstanding benefits to help colleagues and their families live better physically, mentally, and financially
Generous time away from the office and paid time off to give back through non-profit community service
Employee Resource Groups which provide access to leaders, relevant volunteer and mentoring opportunities, and interactions with counterparts in industry groups and client organizations
We will count on you to:
Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization to identify critical data elements and define process, business rules, definitions, and tolerance levels.
Prepare complex models and analyses of key performance indicators in order to support operational and strategic decisions.
Provide recommendations to solve problems and ways to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of processes, quantifies their impact, defines their benefits, and shares with management.
Develops process flows, business requirements, and tools required to provide data to the various business systems.
Conduct data audits and ensure that data audits are effective in increasing the quality of workforce products
Identify trends and best practices and suggest how to improve current practices.
What you need to have:
Business Analyst experience coupled with excellent communication skills to present complex stories and influence change
Project management experience delivering complex solutions to increase workflow
Be a self starter with the ability to work effectively with a remote team
Flexibility to work across time zones to collaborate with global stakeholders (and/or potentially travel in the future)
Experience creating effective training materials for end users
Operate with can do mind set to provide go live support and become the subject matter expert / super user
What makes you stand out:
A healthy intellectual curiosity coupled with critical thinking skills
Background in IT and/or the reinsurance industry
KOFAX Software and/or TOTALAGILITY Software
Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC is a leading global risk and reinsurance specialist with more than 3,100 professionals in over 60 offices around the world. Guy Carpenter delivers a powerful combination of broking expertise, trusted strategic advisory services and industry-leading analytics to help clients adapt to emerging opportunities and achieve profitable growth. Guy Carpenter is a business of Marsh & McLennan Companies (NYSE: MMC), the worlds leading professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people. The companys 75,000 colleagues advise clients in over 130 countries. With annualized revenue approaching $17 billion, Marsh & McLennan helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading companies including Marsh, Mercer and Oliver Wyman. For more information, visit www.guycarp.com and follow Guy Carpenter on LinkedIn and Twitter @GuyCarpenter

#LI-AV1
