At Babbel, we believe that everyone should have the chance to learn a foreign language. Our products are available worldwide across multiple platforms and support those who take joy in learning outside of work or school. Millions of users are benefiting from 9,000+ hours of language content created by Babbel's team of in-house language experts. Our professionally-designed courses are available for 14 languages via the Babbel website as well as on mobile devices, podcasts, and more.

Fast Company Magazine recognized Babbel as the most innovative education company of 2016. Since its founding in 2007, the company has grown to become the market leader in app-based language learning. More than 750 team members from 50 countries share in Babbel's mission to enable everyone to learn a new language. Babbel is headquartered in Berlin and has seen impressive growth in the US in the past few years.

We continue to transform language-learning, and we're hiring a Business Analyst to join our NYC office.

About the role
The role of the Business Analyst is to organize data from different sources, develop KPIs, build dashboards, manage reporting, mine insights for the team, and drive improvements in business and marketing initiatives. They will be a trusted advisor, leading the team in all things data-related, taking responsibility for analytical tasks, and creating action plans for our marketing and product teams. The role will report to the US Director of Analytics and work primarily with the US team and occasionally with our HQ in Berlin.

Responsibilities
Managing and automating reporting for the US team
Mine various large data sets for actionable insights and trends
Leading ad-hoc data and analysis requests
Evaluate media mix and marketing spend, making recommendations to increase sales and improve ROI
Statistical analysis including split testing, forecasting, surveys, cohort analysis, regression, etc.
Assist with data modeling projects such as marketing mix models, pricing optimization, customer segmentation, etc.
Qualifications
2 to 5 years of experience in an analytical role
Knowledge of marketing (both digital and offline) required
Combination of strong interpersonal skills, business sense, and excellent analytical skills
Skilled with SQL, Excel, Google Analytics, and data visualization tools (especially Tableau). Experience with R or Python preferred
Strong understanding of experimental design and statistics for decision-making.
Ability to work closely with a wide variety of non-analyst stakeholders across departments, and understand how to efficiently meet their needs.
Must be resilient and able to find creative solutions to problems
Experience in a B2C tech company and/or subscription business highly preferred
Interest in the language-learning required. Multilingualism a plus
Education and background
BS/BA in marketing, business, or a quantitative field preferred
Benefits
Working at an international start-up with a strong sense of mission
Competitive pay and 401K matching
Responsibility from day one; you can make an impact!
Strong skill and career development, frequently working closely with the CEO and other department heads

Babbel is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion.
