The Senior Business Analyst is a new role reporting to the Assistant Vice President of Business Services under the Office of the COO. This position serves as the product manager and champion of the university Room Scheduling and Resource Management systems, including the CollegeNET Series25 products, and holds a leadership role in supporting university-wide space utilization and strategy. In partnership with key stakeholders across the university, this position will also contribute to the development of a governance structure and updates to our policies related to space usage.

The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, possess the expert knowledge to identify opportunities for change and the ability to convey the need for change, and have the professional maturity necessary to successfully liaise with a diverse range of people.

Key Responsibilities
Analyze business needs and collaborate with stakeholders, university leadership, and Business Services team members to propose new projects, policies, and procedures supporting The New School's strategic objective to improve university-wide space utilization.
Serve as primary advocate for the end-users of the university's room scheduling and resource management systems, including CollegeNET Series25 products. Regularly monitor relevant listservs and communities. Define iterations and user stories; own product vision and roadmap, program backlog, and ROI of products/systems.
Provide expert level support (Level 2 & 3) and monitoring on room scheduling and resource management systems. Document new service features, issues and resolutions for use with self-service (Level 1) and help desk (Level 2) support team. Be the single point-of-contact for Information Technology teams and end-users on enhancement projects and issues related to the room scheduling and resource management systems.
Directly manage projects related to space management systems and service enhancements. Ensure all projects are documented clearly and concisely through current state analyses, functional requirements, system design specifications, data definitions, and new or updated policies. Establish feature acceptance criteria and participate in quality assurance and testing of new process flows or system enhancements to ensure solution adequately meets all functional needs defined in scope of project. Anticipate issues that may affect current projects or the university's strategic goals, and work with stakeholders to address problems accordingly.
Maintain a productive working relationship with all space utilization stakeholders including, but not limited to, IT PMO, Enterprise Applications and Emerging Technologies teams, Space Planning, Facilities and Security, Provost Office, Public Programs and Venue Rentals staff.
Maintain a comprehensive knowledge of the university's tools and systems, including the Ellucian Banner suite, Workday Finance and HCM, and Tableau reporting tool; actively review new technologies to recommend and support adoption in response to user needs; Learn new systems and tools as needed.
Build reports, extracts and/or dashboards in Tableau and/or Microsoft Excel to support business analysis, project proposal development, and measuring solution outcomes.
Form, serve on or lead relevant University committees and working groups as required.
Position may manage staff and/or student employees.
Perform other related duties as assigned or requested.
