Founded in 1984, Geller & Company is a premier strategic financial and advisory firm serving high net worth individuals and families, corporations, non-profits and foundations. Headquartered in Manhattan, Geller & Company employs more than 500 professionals to help shape and drive our client’s financial strategies. Our team works closely with clients to understand their needs and deliver a tailored suite of services including strategic CFO Consulting, Financial Reporting and Accounting, Technology, Wealth Management and Family Office Services.

Geller’s key client is a leading multi-billion dollar financial services company that outsources its finance organization to Geller. This includes financial planning, analysis and reporting; budgeting and forecasting; and accounting and tax work, with strategic and operational oversight of compensation, capital expenditures, real estate and other worldwide areas. Geller provides world-class finance, accounting and strategic outsourced solutions to CFO’s and other senior-level financial decision makers.

Senior Analyst - Financial Planning, System Solutions & Automation

Geller & Company is seeking a Financial Planning, Systems Solutions and Automation Senior Analyst to support Corporate FP&A for our Global Client. This is a dynamic role that requires a unique blend of technology, corporate financial planning, innovative report design, systems implementation and project management skills.

Your Impact:
Development, improvement and automation of financial reporting to increase the effectiveness of Corporate FP&A and business unit financial planning processes
Engagement and partnership with business unit finance teams to strategize, create and implement innovative reporting tools and enhance reporting capabilities
Supporting key Corporate FP&A reporting deliverables such as Budget, Outlook, Allocations and 5 Year Plan, Compensation, and Workforce
Partnership with the SAP team in developing, enhancing, implementing and training of EPM tools and related products
Development of business cases for reporting requirements across Corporate FP&A and business unit finance teams
What you’ll offer:
5+ years’ experience with financial reporting within FP&A world
Undergraduate degree in Business Admin (with minor in Computer Science desirable)
Exceptional Excel, SAP, BPC/EPM and Operational Project management expertise
Data visualization, modeling, migration, and advanced reporting design skills
Experience with other Business Intelligence or corporate performance management software such as SAP AO and business analytics data visualization tools
Ability to balance needs of diverse stakeholders and prioritize during times of competing client and internal interests
Knowledge of corporate finance, consolidated reporting and planning principles
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to drive Change management
Business optimization tools such as Six Sigma / Lean
We’d love to see:
VBA
MS Access experience
Why join Geller & Company?
Opportunity to scale your experience beyond the scope of your role
100% funded health, vision, and dental insurance
401K plan with company match
Generous PTO and paid holidays
Philanthropic opportunities
A wide variety of free and healthy snacks available all day in our café
Discounted health club reimbursement
What's next?

If this sounds like you, apply today and Talent Acquisition will review your application and get in touch if there is match.

Geller & Company is an equal opportunities employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or caregiver status.
