Job Description
OVERVIEW: The purpose of the Business Analyst (BA) is to plan, design, develop, test and launch efficient business and operational systems in support of organizational functions and business processes. The BA will work directly with organizational stakeholders to evaluate process requirements, proactively identify anomalies, document and recommend innovative and efficient solutions. Additionally, the BA will create and manage project documents including project plans, milestones, risks, scheduling, and change management.

The Business Analyst will generate and compile reports based on findings, complete with probable causes and possible solutions to systems issues and will provide ongoing daily support of all relevant systems, processes and related functional areas.

Specific duties include, but are not limited to, the following:

Assist in the requirement sessions with end users and develops business specifications and project documentation.

Drives application enhancement including analysis, design specifications, implementation and user acceptance focusing on the analysis and design of efficient and innovative workflows.

Coordinate projects and/or changes using a concise, consistent methodology to coordinate activities, schedule resources, track budget and ensure accuracy and completeness in a timely manner.

Maintain, communicate, and champion repeatable methodology including a set of standard principles and procedures for managing projects and change.

Assist in the generation of test plans and data.

Reports gaps in policies, procedures, and operating controls to leadership to ensure member impact and risk is mitigated.

Functions as a business lead and/or a project manager on departmental and/or organization wide projects. Ensures that the Project Team completes milestones as outlined based on the project scope and business requirements.

Acts as the technical liaison between users, vendors, and IT to ensure technical specifications are captured and delivered.

Assists with vendor management on assigned applications. Adheres to the goals and standards set forth by the Service Level Agreement (SLA).

Ability to breakdown complex business problems and workflows into meaningful components that are understandable by various levels within the company

Provides support to assigned functional areas and track assigned programs and systems, including troubleshooting of errors and issues as they are identified through resolution

Performs additional duties as required.

Soft skills include, but are not limited to the following:

Fosters diverse, high-performing culture that accomplishes organizational changes, goals and priorities. Facilitates a team-work oriented environment.

Promotes and maintains a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner consistent with professional standards to get along with members, co-workers, management, and vendors.

Keep abreast of industry developments including but not limited to changes in regulations and technology.

Maintains in-depth knowledge of and complies with all the company, departmental and security policies and procedures, as well as, federal regulations applicable to the position

Excellent communicator with the ability to translate data into actionable insights
Requirements

Bachelor's Degree in a related field or the equivalent work related experience.

2+ years of experience in the financial services industry with a thorough knowledge of financial principles, front and back office processing and financial institution regulations.

2+ years Business Analyst experience on projects of small to medium in size and complexity, with demonstrated experience in workflow/process analysis, requirements gathering and documentation, and creation and execution of testing plans.

Experience with core banking processing platforms like Symitar, Spectrum, Servicing Director and Akcelerant are a plus

Experience writing SQL scripts for report writing and data mining is a plus

Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (including: Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, SharePoint and Visio and SQL Server)

Highly ethical.
