Who We Are:

GQR is a global talent acquisition and advisory firm specialized in matching uniquely talented individuals with the world's most innovative organizations. Advanced specialization, proactive talent acquisition and global access form the centerpiece of our approach, enabling our people to collaborate with colleagues both locally and around the world to deliver highly skilled professionals to the most prestigious and technical industries.

Unparalleled market knowledge, unwavering drive and steadfast efficiency are what define our success. We are proud of our role as trusted ambassadors and advisers to elite institutions and industry leaders alike. Our strategic approach to talent acquisition, confidence in navigating uncharted territory and high standards of accountability are what make our success a reality.

The Role:
Attract and engage candidates in one of our (4) industries Banking & Finance, Technology, Energy & Engineering or Life Sciences
Develop new business ventures and nurture existing client relationships
Originate, structure, and negotiate complex placement deals
Execute client and talent acquisition strategies
Create detailed market maps consistent with the firm's mandates and objectives
Participate in presentations with internal executives, external clients and key industry figures
Orchestrate client portfolio construction and practice optimal search execution methodologies
Leverage an innate intellectual curiosity and develop market knowledge to engage key stakeholders
What We Offer:
Exceptional earning potential
Fast-track career progression
Meritocratic environment
International opportunities
Highly collaborative work environment
International travel incentives
Mentorship from industry experts
Training & Mentorship:

Your development begins with a structured 12-week training program facilitated by our L&D team. This training builds the foundation of understanding deal management and introduces your to the candidate and client life-cycle. In addition to formal training and development, all new Analysts have the opportunity to participate in our mentor/mentee partnership program to foster development and learn from market-leading professionals.

Additionally, considering our commitment to fast-track career progression, we continue development opportunities by letting all emerging leaders in the business take part in our emerging leadership training program. This gives our people the opportunity to fine-tune their management skills and develop a team of highly skilled consultants.
