Ref ID: 02944-0011470720Classification: Business Analyst

Compensation: $30.40 to $35.20 hourly

Robert Half is seeking a Corporate Actions professional. Does this sound like you? • Admin high risk low touch activities for this role • Working knowledge of various parts of Corporate Actions including: Merger, Dividend, Proxy, P&I, coupon payments, • Not speaking directly to clients • Mainly mandatory corporate actions • Tender offer (voluntary) vs. Merger (mandatory) • Proxy season receive votes from clients, clients will go into portal and submit votes for meeting, • Training: Will be around 2-3 weeks of cross training with person going on Maternity leave. All qualified candidates are encouraged to submit their resumes to Jonathan.Li@RobertHalfFS.com

Job Requirements:
2+ years of Corporate Actions experience

Accountemps, a Robert Half Company, matches highly skilled professionals with accounting finance jobs on a temporary and temporary-to-hire basis. From accounting clerks and bookeepers to accounts payable and staff accountants, we provide you with access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the legal opportunities that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Accountemps office at 888.490.3195 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/accountemps to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Accountemps. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
