JOB DESCRIPTION: BUSINESS/FUNCTIONAL ANALYSTThe Business Analyst serves as key link between the business and technical team. Identifies and documents detailed business requirements, functional requirements and system specifications for internet applications. Perform analysis and reporting of marketing and operational data. Essential Job Functions Conducts and/or participates in the analysis of business processes and functional requirements preparing appropriate documentation needed by the development team Develop applications, procedures and reports for marketing data and product performance metrics Support product managers with ad hoc analysis of product and channel performance Design and manage statistical tests of new features, products and distribution channels to guide product management decisions Evaluates external application products that could address business requirements and develop recommendations where appropriate Assists with the design and implementation of training programs for customer support Assists in planning, developing and executing test plans Assists in the development of workflow and process diagrams and gap analysis Performs other duties as assigned Qualifications: 2- 5 years of experience with technical data analysis & reporting, functional design, software development processes, and software testing Strong understanding of relational database structures and concepts Experience with SQL query design, html, scripting, and report writing Highly proficient in Excel, Word, Access and Power Point. Must be results-oriented and possess an entrepreneurial spirit that thrives in a demanding, fast-paced work environment. Knowledge of Internet marketing and search engine marketing a plus. Excellent interpersonal, business communication, and writing skills Excellent thinking, analysis, and decision making skills BA/BS required. • Translate large amounts of data into specific analytic solutions that will impact on the company. • Present analytic solutions to key decision makers and executive teams. • Analysis and optimization of online metrics EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS • Must be results-oriented and possess an entrepreneurial spirit that thrives in a demanding, fast-paced work environment. • 3-5 years work experience in a business environment in which internal departments and management is heavily reliant on quantitative analysis to draw conclusions. • Highly proficient in Excel, Word, Access and Power Point. • Knowledge of Internet marketing and search engine marketing and optimization a plus. • BA/BS required.
