Join our growing team!
A career with A Place for Mom is an opportunity for you to join a rapidly expanding company committed to making a difference for seniors and their families. A Place for Mom is an online platform connecting families searching for senior care services with a team of experienced advisors providing insight-driven and personalized solutions. Our mission, as the leader in senior care advisory, is to be a trusted destination for families and our community customers. We are a quickly growing organization with over 500 advisors connecting more than 300,000 families every year to one of our community customers.
Living by our values and working to achieve excellence on behalf of our customers is integral to success at A Place for Mom. Employees who thrive at A Place for Mom live our values every day and are an important part of our hiring practices:
Focus on Excellence
Act with Integrity & Assume Positive Intent
Drive Outcomes Every Day with Passion and A Sense of Mission
Make the Lives of our Families and Customers Better, Easier and More Successful
Realize the Full Potential in Each Team Member. Work as a Single Supportive Team
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is a critical channel within our business. It drives a significant portion of the revenue and profits for the organization, and the goal is to increase the volume of move-ins that contribute to revenue. The SEO Team manages traffic optimization across many properties and user segments. This team uses core data analysis and insights to drive enhanced interactions with the end consumer that translates into a better experience for the user and a successful outcome for the business. This position works cross-functionally with multiple internal departments, including Product & Technology, Business Intelligence, and Content.
COMPANY LEADERS
Larry Kutscher - Chief Executive Officer
Larry Kutscher is Chief Executive Officer of A Place for Mom. Larry is a veteran CEO with over 30 years of experience leading digital, technology and service businesses through significant periods of growth and value creation. Prior to this role, he served as Chief Executive Officer of TravelClick, where he drove the company’s overall strategic vision and helped increased the company’s value from approximately $300 million to more than $1.5 billion over eight years.
Tatyana Zlotsky – Chief Marketing Officer & Head of Operations
Tatyana is a visionary and entrepreneurial digital marketing executive, brand builder, and industry thought leader with experience in driving transformational change and redefining user experiences for Fortune 100 companies and start-ups. She has a reputation for championing the art and science of marketing - from strategic branding and creative development to data and technology - translating high brand value into tangible revenue generating activities.
THE POSITION
Based in our NYC office, the Digital Analyst will play a critical role in identifying key organic traffic drivers on APFM domains and identify opportunities for where the team should focus their efforts. Reporting into the Director of SEO Strategy, this role will draw on deep data sets to understand customer intent better which in turn will drive recommendations for the SEO, Content and Product teams. Success in this role will help the SEO Marketing team increase conversions from leads to revenue and to contribute to the company’s financial targets.
Who you are:
You are a passionate, data-driven individual and enjoy digging into complex datasets. This role will be the analytical foundation of the A Place for Mom SEO team. The Digital Analyst will use data and insightful analyses to manage the channel’s performance as well as support, inform, and, where applicable, challenge decisions to help hone and serve APFM’s business goals. The ability to iterate and drive improvements quickly using data will be key to our success in the marketplace. This individual will also lead initiatives on internal tool development for consumption and analysis of large data sets from third-party systems that empower the SEO Marketing team to make actionable decisions at scale.

What you will do:
Enable SEO strategy development and decision-making through holistic organic data analytics and development of actionable recommendations.
Support key business initiatives by generating insights from multiple internal and secondary data sources.
Own insights and recommendations from the analyses and translate them to executive level audiences to communicate performance drivers and priorities.
Analyze current SEO performance to build descriptive and predictive models to optimize ongoing site improvements (e.g., through A/B test) and SEO updates for improved traffic and revenue return.
Optimize and manage Conductor platform configuration and drive adoption as single source of truth to monitor and analyze SEO performance.
Manage data and analyses across domains to enable analytical and reporting needs. Identify and drive the delivery of changes in data structures and metrics where needed to further support enhanced marketing analysis.
Create performance thresholds and regular monitoring dashboards, reports, and proactive alerts to flag performance changes.
Identify and prioritize opportunities for improvement in conversion along the customer online journey, grounded in internal conversion data to drive bottom line improvement.
[Preferred] Leverage API connections to common toolsets (SEMRush, Conductor, first party data from GA and GSC, CRM, etc.) plus knowledge of SQL and Python to build and automate regular recurring dashboards, reports, and analyses.

B.S. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or Economics.
Proficiency of SQL required.
2-3 years of proven and successful analytics experience, with demonstrated increasing levels of consulting and corporate responsibility.
Exceptional analytical and problem solving capabilities, including the ability to logically and efficiently structure ambiguous problems, identify sources of data for collection and discovery, conduct complicated analyses, identify key insights and develop practical workable solutions.
Experience connecting disparate data sets to enable analyses.
Highly collaborative and able to work across functions, geographies, and organizational levels to develop solutions; engages and involves key stakeholders.
Effective communicator able to translate complex analysis into insights and communicate results and recommendations, both orally and in written form, to a non-technical executive audience.
Deep knowledge of ecommerce, online marketing, and mobile trends.
Experience with Python preferred.
#LI-KT1
