In this role you will work on our rapidly growing Homeowners team. Plymouth Rock Assurance has recently launched a new and modern product solution for home insurance, enabling customers and partners to obtain a home insurance quote in just seconds – a revolutionary way to buy Home insurance. We are seeking Product Analyst to support the development of the company’s product features, pricing and competitive position. He/she extracts data for analysis and implementation of new rating plans, underwriting rules, process improvements, and other initiatives to support profitable growth and improve competitive position.
Responsibilities:
Assists in the creation of the annual loss and premium budgets.
Prepares filing exhibits.
Creates and maintains product comparisons with main competitors via rate manuals, WinRater, InsurQuote, and other sources of competitive rates.
Analyzes competitive data, identifies trends and opportunities.
Examines the impact of changes in state regulatory environment on the product and business processes.
Works closely with others to gain strong understanding of insurance concepts and processes such as indications, IBNR study, underwriting model and pure premium model.
Effectively uses available tools and data systems to analyze business issues within the company data/reports, troubleshoots when there are inconsistencies and communicates the results to the Product Manager.
Supports data requests made by other departments related to products and policy attributes.
Completes monthly and quarterly reports used to manage the company’s financial and operational performance, as well as ad hoc analyses as needed.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned.
Education & Experience:
Familiarity with database tools.
Programming query experience (SQL or Visual Basic).
Proficient Microsoft Office skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work independently and efficiently on a high volume of tasks assigned by the Product Manager.
High Level of intellectual curiosity.
SAS and regression analysis experience preferred.
Demonstrated problem solving experience gained through related coursework and work experience.
Experience with relational database tools and concepts.
BA/BS degree in quantitative field of study.
Property and Casualty Insurance experience preferred.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.
