Business Analyst Location New York, NY Duration 6 months + Ideally wants someone with Fixed incomeMarkets (like Broktertec, Getco, Nasdaq, CME.) experience. JOB DESCRIPTION My Direct client is seeking a strong business analyst to expand their highly successful, fully automated computerized trading franchise across asset classes. This role will study existing system capabilities and work to add and design new ones. Will develop workflow diagrams, data flow diagrams, traceability matrix and system specifications. Will understand system input, processing and output requirements. Must also be strong in recommending system controls and overall requirements collection to final deployment. The successful candidate will work with an existing feature team of highly technical engineers to extend the functionality and performance of companyrsquos sophisticated trading system that manages significant amounts of firms trading flow. MAIN ACCOUNTABILITIES Study, Design, and implement cutting edge market connectivity system Sitting alongside algo developers and traders to communicate varying needs Ensure order management is consistent with best execution practices Continuously work with colleagues and business leaders to advance each otherrsquos skills REQUIRED SKILLS Experience with Client and Market Connectivity products Knowledge of investment management operations and trading execution solutions Familiar with application development software and hardware platforms. Ability to understand business(es) supported and itsrsquo terminology. Ability to coordinate between Applications and business units. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor degree in computer scienceinformation technology or information systems Strong financial background related to capital markets, payment systems and trust accounting. Subject matter expert in business with knowledge or experience utilizing applicationsystem being supported. Mastered understanding of applications supported with an advanced knowledge of interfacingintegrated applications. Python scripting experience (or equivalent) FIX Binary Connectivity Protocol Proficiency in network protocols such as TCP multicast Please send resume to marisolmdmsrecruiting.com
