Business Analyst

Share

Job ID: FA-0100-532

Open Since: 2019-11-22

City: Union
State: New Jersey
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for a self-motivated "Business Analyst" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

Job Skills:
Experience as a Business Analyst (8+ years)
Experience in agile methodologies, tools, standards, and procedures
Experience writing user stories
Ability to apply technology in an appropriate way to meet business requirements
Ability to write and execute basic SQL queries
Ability to create prototype screens and process flows
Ability to gather and interpret relevant data and information
Ability to understand processes/problems and the ability to share that understanding with developers and/or designers
Ability to analyze and document complex business processes
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers and subject matter experts.
Fluent in Microsoft Office suite
Ability to multi-task
Excellent time management skills
Ability to facilitate meetings with Business stakeholders
Process modeling, data modeling, JAD, RAD
Creativity with an eye to developing new and innovative solutions
Minimum Experience: 7 Yrs

Functional Area:
iSeries DB2 Data analysis experience
Strong experience with Web-based applications
Retail Application & Business Knowledge/ JDA
Major supply chain package experience
Roles & Responsibilities:

As a Business Analyst, you will possess a combination of application development and implementation skills as well as strong analysis and design skills. Client will utilize these skills as part of a team responsible for the development and/or implementation of enterprise-wide supply-chain & custom retail solutions. During the project life cycle, you will be responsible for partnering with users, staff, contract developers and QA analysts to ensure the successful delivery of critical projects.

As a key contributor to the team you must have experience in the following:

• Collecting and analyzing the project’s business requirements by coordinating interviews, requirement workshops, business, and workflow analysis.

• Preparing accurate and detailed requirement specification documents, user interface guides, and functional specification documents.

• Documenting the acquired results of analysis and workflows as well as obtaining sign-off from the appropriate business units.

• Ability to communicate effectively with external business partners and internal teams to deliver the requirements of the project.

• Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously.

• Strong knowledge of retail processes; including Supply Chain.

• The candidate will be involved in iSeries & Web Applications both desktop & mobile

Experience in JAD is a plus as well as experience in data and process modeling.

Education:

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or related field.
