Salesforce Business Analyst / Consultant

As a Salesforce Consultant you will leverage your business and technical skills to uncover pain points within the client's current technology and processes.

This is the ideal position for someone with experience as a Salesforce Admin, Business Analyst, or Salesforce Consultant looking for a role working on a full-scale Salesforce implementation from start to finish.

*This project could be delayed due to market uncertainty. If interested in other roles, please join the Talent Network for consideration: https://www.pinkuspartners.com/salesforce-talent-network/

Job Description:
Facilitate requirements development sessions in order to gain an understanding of the customer’s current state.
Interpret technical and business strategy roadmaps and apply a detailed technical solution.
Present implementation needs and options confidently to technical teams as well as a C-Level audience.
Strong attention to detail is required. Please email info@pinkuspartners .com and include "Attention Pinkus Partners" in the subject line to be considered for this role.
Elevate the client experience as a knowledgeable liaison between technical teams, testing teams, and business stakeholders during the implementation phase.
Lead discovery workshops which may include large audiences, solution presentations, and prototype demonstrations
Execute rapid analysis and decomposition of complex business information into technical process components.
Perform business process modeling, user experience modeling, and basic technical architecture diagramming.
Effectively leverage multiple implementation team types (User experience, Change Management, Global Development Centers, Developer Communities)
Requirements:
Strong attention to detail
5+ years of experience working within the Salesforce platform on an Administrative or Development level.
Salesforce Admin Certification Required, additional certifications preferred
You have a strong understanding of Salesforce functionality and can clearly communicate its capabilities and limitations to customers.
Ability to build and demonstrate prototypes in Salesforce.
Comfortable with heavy involvement in user acceptance test planning.
You have experience with Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Community Cloud functionality.
You are a highly motivated individual with a desire to learn and contribute.
You have strong presentation and communication skills.
Hands on experience working with companies implementing Salesforce.com functionality in some of the following areas is preferred:
System Implementation & Adoption
Salesforce.com Service Cloud
Salesforce.com Community Cloud
Salesforce.com Sales Cloud
Experience with data migration tools is a plus.
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.

Overview: Pinkus Partners combines expertise in Salesforce Staffing and Talent Acquisition.

Quickly scale your business with experienced and pre-vetted Salesforce Talent. Learn more at www.pinkuspartners.com or join our Talent Network to be matched with new Salesforce opportunities: https://www.pinkuspartners.com/salesforce-talent-network/

Job Type: Contract

License:
Salesforce (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Contract Length:
5 - 6 months
Contract Renewal:
Possible
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
