The Data/Information Mgt Int Anlst is a developing professional role. Deals with most problems independently and has some latitude to solve complex problems. Integrates in-depth specialty area knowledge with a solid understanding of industry standards and practices. Good understanding of how the team and area integrate with others in accomplishing the objectives of the sub function/ job family. Applies analytical thinking and knowledge of data analysis tools and methodologies. Requires attention to detail when making judgments and recommendations based on the analysis of factual information. Typically deals with variable issues with potentially broader business impact. Applies professional judgment when interpreting data and results. Breaks down information in a systematic and communicable manner. Developed communication and diplomacy skills are required in order to exchange potentially complex/sensitive information. Moderate but direct impact through close contact with the businesses' core activities. Quality and timeliness of service provided will affect the effectiveness of own team and other closely related teams. Responsibilities: This function covers incumbents responsible for various data activities, which include database administration, data analysis, maintenance, data quality, and database management or database architecture / design engineering Responsible for routine operational or administrative work Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analyses and report preparation Individuals will have their work thoroughly reviewed and checked by more senior incumbents and will have limited contact outside their immediate area Daily deliverable of routine and defined outputs, while at the same time developing knowledge of the broader context in which the work is being performed Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 2-5 years relevant experience Ability to think strategically and the ability to engage resources outside of their direct control to achieve objectives Know-how on analytic tools (SAS E-miner, Knowledge Seeker, SPSS etc.) Big data and machine learning experiences are (R, Python etc.) Education: Bachelors/University degree or equivalent experience This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
