If you like analyzing results and using data to drive decisions, then we have a role for you. The function of Global Finance & Business Management is critical to all facets of the business, dedicated to continually making our business better - strategically, financially and operationally.You'll collaborate with our top-tier professionals to influence and shape critical decisions and initiatives that support our businesses across the firm. You'll have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions while developing your professional expertise in a dynamic team environment.Working here means joining a collaborative, supportive team. We want your diverse perspective to help us innovate solutions for our internal and external stakeholders. We'll give you what you need to succeed including training, mentoring, access to senior leaders and projects that engage all your skills.What to expectThis 10-week program delivers in-depth industry training, one-on-one mentorship and hands-on experience. You'll be placed as a member in one of the finance teams where you'll work in one of the following functional groups: Business Management, Controller, Financial Analysis, and Project Management. You'll work on critical initiatives for senior managers, supporting public filings and learning what it takes to close the books for the month or quarter. Top performers may receive a full-time opportunity at the end of the summer program.* Business Management - Act as a trusted advisor to business and group heads by identifying, escalating and mitigating business risks and optimizing business performance by driving key initiatives.* Controller - Responsible for ensuring the overall integrity and validity of the financial statements and controls over the transaction cycle; performing critical reporting and controls functions for the organization, including legal entity, financial and regulatory and product valuation.* Financial Analysis - Create meaningful analysis and reporting in support of our businesses. Coordinate with partners across the firm to provide financial and strategic analysis, creation, oversight and coordination of budgeting and forecasting.* Project Management - Contribute to programs that are large scale and comprised of multiple projects and work streams. Initiatives drive cross line of business or firm-wide agendas for implementation of new regulations, standards or policies.Locations you may join:* Chicago, IL* Columbus, OH* Newark/Wilmington, DE* New York Metro* Plano, TXYou will be given the opportunity to select up to three location preferences on your application. Potential placement could include any of our offices within the city's metropolitan area.About youWe are looking for highly motivated individuals who have a passion for analysis that will help drive strategic business decisions.This role is a pipeline to our full-time Global Finance & Business Management Analyst Program, which is not eligible for employer immigration sponsorship. If you will require employer immigration sponsorship after completing your degree, you do not meet the basic requirements of this summer internship role.Key skills and interests include:* A well-rounded academic background -preferred minimum cumulative GPA of 3.2 on a 4.0 scale* Pursuing a B.A., B.S., or 5th year M.A. or M.S., with an expected graduation date between December 2021 and June 2022* Ability to thrive in a dynamic and collaborative work environment* Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills* Basic understanding of financial statements, accounting procedures, internal and external reporting, and variance analysis* A well-rounded academic background with an interest in financial management* All majors considered with a preference for finance, accounting and majors with a dual focus in business and information technology* Excel, PowerPoint and Word proficiency* Relevant internship experience and leadership in school or community organizationsJoin usAt JPMorgan Chase, we're creating positive change for the diverse communities we serve. We do this by championing your innovative ideas through a supportive culture that helps you every step of the way as you build your career. If you're passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we're looking for you.What's next?Help us learn about you by submitting a complete and thoughtful application, which includes your resume. Your application and resume is a way for us to initially get to know you, so it's important to complete all relevant application questions so we have as much information about you as possible.To get started, enter your email address. Your email address will be used to create and maintain your profile. If you are a current JPMC employee, use your JPMC email address to apply for jobs internally. Do not use an email address with ".edu" extension as doing so could result in delays receiving updates regarding your candidacy.After you confirm your application, we will review it to determine whether you meet certain required qualifications.If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you'll receive an email invitation to complete a series of 12 games through the pymetrics platform. pymetrics will allow you to showcase your potential beyond what you tell us in your resume and application form. It's an additional data point that helps us gain a better understanding of who you are as an individual. It should take no longer than 25-35 minutes to complete. If you have already completed the pymetrics games, you will have the opportunity to submit your gameplay results for this specific application without having to replay the games.Following completion of pymetrics, you'll receive another email invitation to complete a video interview, powered by HireVue. This is your opportunity to further bring your resume to life and showcase your experience for our recruiting team and hiring managers.Both pymetrics and HireVue are required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed them. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete these required elements as soon as possible, since programs will close as positions are filled.JPMorgan Chase is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities.Visit jpmorganchase.com/careers for upcoming events, career advice, our locations and more.©2020 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran.
