NYU Grossman School of Medicine is one of the nation’s top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU Grossman School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the Grossman School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Position Summary:

We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst.

This position will manage large data and execute ongoing analysis of research questions related to the food environment, eating and food purchasing behaviors. The data analyst will process data from conceptualization through presentation and will be responsible for management of datasets, mainly sales and nutrition data from a national restaurant chain. The analyst will work in the Department of Population Healths Section on Health Choice, Policy and Evaluation (HCPE), a dynamic and active research group dedicated to determining the influence of public policy on health and health choices and advancing ways to make policies more effective. Using multidisciplinary approaches, particularly behavioral economics, the group focuses on low-income, racial and ethnic minority populations and pressing public health problems, with a significant focus on obesity. A strong area of interest for the group is growing our capacity to use machine learning techniques to solve health problems. The analyst will support a dynamic group to make informed policy recommendations that impact health policy, health choice/behavior, health economics, and population health.

Job Responsibilities:
Assist in writing and editing manuscripts for publication
Conduct relevant literature reviews to inform cohort selection, variable definitions, and analytic methods
Participate in data-driven decision making with investigators
Accurately and appropriately communicate the processes used and results achieved, suggest new and alternative approaches
Prepare reports, charts and tables of data for faculty and staff
Develop, manage, and improve databases to track provenance and versioning
Detect and address issues in data and analytic results
Perform statistical analyses according to the study design
Import and clean raw datasets, monitor, evaluate and improve data quality, and create analytic datasets
Communicate projects needs and requirements with external teams, such as the IT departments and our partner organizations
Minimum Qualifications:
To qualify you must have a Bachelor’s Degree with 1-2 years relevant work experience in Public Health, Economics, Statistics, Biostatistics, or related quantitative research field
Must be proficient in SQL, preferably MySQL
Strong statistical computing skills
Proficiency with statistical software such as R, Python or others
Keen attention to detail and good documentation habits.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Strong ability to identify, analyze and solve problems.
Self-directed and able to manage priorities on multiple projects simultaneously, strong time-management skills.
Must work and communicate effectively with partners.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large datasets
Experience working with high performing clusters
Interest in learning new programming languages.
Experience contributing to research or articles for peer review.
Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.
If you wish to view NYU Grossman School of Medicine’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here.
