Mid-Level BA for NYC

Business Analyst #1539 8-19-19

Address: 4 Irving Place New York, NY 10003

Positions: 1

Duration: > 12 Months

Rate: 35-47 max

F2F interview must.

GC/USC



Assignment Details:



<u>
The candidate will join the mapping applications support team.
As part of their role, they will be working on multiple projects including a Windows Server upgrade and the rollout of Geographic Information System (GIS) project.
Some the responsibilities within the project include maintaining the project timelines and collaborating with IT teams to perform analysis on the status of each task.
The applicant should have excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills and be able to conduct conversations with employees of all levels, and be able to coordinate multiple activities at a time. The candidate will review and update the business process for all mapping applications and potentially identifying ongoing opportunities for enhancements and optimization.
The candidate will help with application support including documenting of any support issues that are encountered, and will be required to have a technical background to help with the support of the mapping applications.
They should coordinate the resolution of the issue and help the application support team to perform root cause analysis of the issue.
The Business Analyst will create and provide metrics on the applications on a regular basis including trending and variance-based reports on the mapping applications.
</ul>



Skills & Requirements:



Candidate has to be local to NY region in order to be considered for an interview.

<u>
Business Analyst with a technical background, has solid analytical skills.
At least 3 yearsâ experience as a Business Analyst
Minimum one-year experience with CAD & GIS/Mapping applications support.
Coordinates project team activities.
Familiarity with application support processes.
Experience of Enterprise IT infrastructure & architecture.
Reporting on project and application metrics.
Experience in writing and reviewing technical documents.
Experience using Microsoft Project, SharePoint and Visio.
</ul>

The following are not required for this position but would be considered as a valuable asset in a potential candidate:
Minimum one-year experience with CAD Mapping applications
Experience with web/JS API from Google, Bing, etc.
Basic understanding of electric and gas operating models in Utility companies.
