Enterprise Support Business Analyst


New York

Apply now

Refer someone

We have an exciting opportunity for an ambitious Business Analyst to join our Enterprise Support Projects team and gain exposure to key risk projects within Macquarie.

The Enterprise Support Projects team is responsible for governance of the Risk Management Group-wide project portfolio and delivery of key risk projects. In this role, you will join an experienced team and focus on the delivery of strategic business process improvements, technology enhancement initiatives and drive change and innovation.

Your prior experience as a Business Analyst or Management consultant, ideally gained within the financial services sector will help you to engage with stakeholders across the business to problem solve and change the way we work. You’ll have the opportunity to identify and document improvements to processes and assess solution options whilst developing recommendations with associated business cases. Other responsibilities include developing target operating models and proposing detailed designs and delivery of solutions that ensure requirements are met and benefits are realized, whilst identifying, communicating and managing risks to solution delivery.

This role requires a bachelor’s degree and 5-8 years of relevant experience in consulting or the financial services sector. Understanding and having the ability to communicate complex concepts, whilst demonstrating strong analytical skills, combined with the ability to view the bigger picture, are all imperative for this position.

If you are also familiar with conducting workshops and comfortable with PowerPoint, apply today.

Risk Management Group is an independent, centralized unit responsible for ensuring all risk across Macquarie are appropriately assessed and managed. Its divisions include Credit, Prudential, Capital and Markets, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Compliance, Quantitative Applications and Internal Audit.

The core to Macquarie's success is a unique philosophy and management approach. Our businesses combine entrepreneurial drive and robust risk management with deep industry and regional expertise.

For more information, please visit www.macquarie.com/careers

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

*GD #LI-AMERICAS
