Senior Business Analyst

About Ross Stores:

Ross Stores, Inc. is an S&P 500, Fortune 500 and Nasdaq 100 (ROST) Company headquartered in Dublin, California, with fiscal 2019 revenues of $16 billion. The Company operates Ross Dress for Less® ("Ross"), the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the United States with 1,546 locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia and Guam. The Company also operates over 259 dds DISCOUNTS® locations in 19 states that feature a more moderately-priced assortment of first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear and home fashions for the entire family at everyday savings.

The companys merchandise mix and assortments are constantly evolving as merchants and planners focus on what customers want to buy and respond by delivering great discounts on a wider variety of name brand merchandise. With its solid management team, proven off-price concept, strong cash flow and return on equity, Ross is ideally positioned to successfully execute its growth strategies.



At Ross you will find:

A career that fits you
Teamwork
Amazing culture and people
Big company with a family feeling
Customer focus


Are you ready for the next big move in your career? We look forward to hearing from you!



The culture demands hands-on, close engagement at all levels, and the ability to think and act strategically. Within this culture, there are many opportunities to attain and even exceed personal goals quickly while partnering with professionals across multiple categories. This creates a win-win culture with a rigorous standard of performance for everyone.

Structured for growth and profitability, individuals are measured on performance rather than process. What this yields is an environment that is invigorating and offers a clear, compelling reward system for the team.

Additional information is available at:
www.rossstores.com
www.ddsdiscounts.com



About this job:



The Master Data Office is a new enterprise team at Ross defining how data can better serve the business. The Senior Business Analyst will identify key opportunities for improvements and contribute to critical operational/process improvements or projects.

This role will support the MDO vision to be the central point of contact for all master data needs within a certain data domain (i.e. vendor/supplier or product hierarchy). They will ensure that all requests are prioritized, addressed and resolved in a timely manner.

The Senior Business Analyst may represent the team in meetings with executives or key business partners. They will be able to independently work, managing deliverables and expectations.



Responsibilities:



Point of Contact for Business
As point of contact for multiple business departments across the organization, the Senior Business Analyst will be playing an important role to support multiple business units address regular requests, and troubleshoot issues
Analyze data to troubleshoot or provide data insights and business visibility
Ability to partner with cross functional teams
Documentation
Ensure that existing governance and process documents are up to date based on changes in requirements or business needs
Develop foundational domain specific operational processes and reporting structures related to Master Data Management


Request Management
Manage work flow and requests in a Master Data Management Tool. Execute on all (change) requests from business effectively to ensure that they are implemented according to set data governance standards and processes
Process improvement/Projects
Identify and provide solutions on ways to service the business better
Play a role on enterprise-wide initiatives involving Master Data across the organization
Develop and manage business cases to deliver tangible business value
Develop/leverage frameworks or models to design new solutions or approaches
Compliance and Adoption
Promote adoption of data governance processes by establishing clear understanding (e.g. conducting periodic refresher workshops), and improving the MDO governance processes based on ever changing needs of the business and other partners. Provide Manager with solutions or best practices
Verify all Master Data Management processes around data governance are followed
Play an integral role in escalating requests that do not comply with the governance set by MDM
Build deep content knowledge around how the business end-users use this foundational data to run the business
Mentorship
Work and partner with Business Analyst on complex challenges as they arise


Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree with a concentration in Business, Economics, Finance or Computer Science, or an equivalent diploma
5 years of experience as a Business Analyst, (preferably in Retail or in an IT field), with strong process, data, and systems understanding
Prior Data Governance and Administration experience or exposure preferred
Thorough knowledge of business process documentation that includes prior experience with documenting Merchandising, IT or Finance workflows, processes and requirements
Ability to work with both business (non-technical) and IT (technical) with ability to communicate/translate requirements easily and effectively between all parties
Strong understanding of productivity suite software (i.e. Microsoft Office)
Ability to understand and apply instructions or suggest alternate proven methods to move projects or requests forward
Strong analytical skills
Ability to follow established practices, policies and procedures
Strong communication skills
Ability to build working relationships and bring about cooperation from leadership and working teams
Ability to adjust with changing work environments, priorities and goals
Job requires ability to work in an office environment, primarily on a computer.
Requires sitting, standing, walking, hearing, talking on the telephone, attending in-person meetings, typing, and working with paper/files, etc.
Consistent timeliness and regular attendance
Vision requirements: Ability to see information in print and/or electronically
#LI-AS4

'216725
