Come see what's cookin' at HelloFresh!

At HelloFresh, we want to revolutionize the way we eat by making it more convenient and exciting to cook meals from scratch. We have offices all over the world and we deliver delicious meals to millions of people.

We are the industry leader in meal-kit subscription services and we're growing all the time. We have distinct meal-kit services that cater to everyone with the most menu variety in the market, which allows us to reach an incredibly wide population of people.

The HelloFresh team is diverse, high-performing, and international, and our work environment is an inspiring space where you can thrive as a result.

Sales Operations Analyst Intern Job Description:

The US Sales division is a rapidly growing start-up within a start-up. Our department started two years ago, and we are already becoming the number one channel for growth and new customer acquisition. Our Sales Operations team provides administrative support, data reporting, operational structure, and strategic guidance for 19+ sales offices based in local markets around the country. The Sales Operations Analyst Intern will play a critical role in supporting this team and our rapid growth. Candidates will need to be available for the Spring and Summer 2020.

0-5% travel required

You will ...
Analyze and be comfortable with all data in the sales division including but not limited to sales, expenses, recruitment, human resource, revenue (cancellations, average order value, customer retention)
Maintain, troubleshoot, and improve current data visualization dashboards on Tableau and Google Sheets that support data-driven decision-making for executive leaders, local and regional sales managers, territory coordinators, and recruiters
Identify and implement improved data collection and sources, including but not limited to self-reported data from Google Forms, SQL queries from our international data warehouse, local spending data, etc.
Conduct ad-hoc analyses to identify potential operational inefficiencies and/or test new products, services, or offers
Use data to identify and execute operational strategies to improve sales division efficiency and effectiveness
Design, build and maintain processes needed to improve sales team performance
Provide support and guidance as needed to local and regional sales managers
Partner cross-functionally with other HelloFresh teams including but not limited to Recruiting, HR, Finance, Legal, and Tech
You are...
A critical thinker—who uses logic to identify alternatives, evaluate, and present approaches to solve complex problems
An excellent communicator of complex (often technical) information to various audiences
Enterprising to take up and start new projects. Able to achieve work with risk of failure
Detail-oriented—careful and thorough in accomplishing tasks
Enjoys coming up with solutions to increase efficiency in their day to day work
Driven to make a big impact on the sales organization and the wider business
At a minimum, you have...
Have or are pursuing a BS degree in Business Administration, Economics Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or a related field (undergraduate and graduate students will also be considered)
0-2 years of experience delivering quantitative insights
Experience delivering actionable, data-driven insights
Strong MS Excel / Google sheets ability
Experience using SQL based databases
Preferred: Tableau/Python knowledge or an ability to learn
It is the policy of HelloFresh not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or because they are a protected veteran.
