We currently have a 9 -month assignment in the ESS department area for 1 Position (s) (Sr. Business Analyst).

Location: Newark, NJ

Target Start Date: ASAP

Years of Experience- Senior (7+yrs)

Right to hire: Yes

Job Description: Sr. Business Analyst

The Actuarial & Finance Technology (AFT) group is a part of the Corporate IT organization. AFT provides business and technical support across a broad range of actuarial and financial systems for the Enterprise. We are seeking a

Business Systems Analyst

Partnering with business areas and corporate functions to assess reporting, analysis, modeling and data visualization needs

Supporting multiple initiatives and workstreams related to expense management, workforce planning, and financial modeling.

Assisting in the documentation of requirements and specifications

Partnering with technical subject matter experts to determine and document the optimal design

Developing and executing various testing strategies and plans

Collaborating with business unit, corporate functions and the AFT organization on the execution of projects ranging from large scale initiatives to daily BAU processes

Facilitating change and innovation to existing systems and processes through various methodologies and insights

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree Computer Science/Information Technology, MIS, Mathematics, Finance, Economics or a related field.

4+ years' experience in financial services or similar organizations

4+ years in a business analyst, system analyst or technical analyst role

2+ years of experience in writing business requirements, creating functional specifications, and testing strategies

Strong Experience in Financial Planning & Analysis

Strong experience in Workforce planning and compensation modeling

Strong experience in Expense Management Orchestration and Reporting

Strong knowledge of business intelligence and data visualization tools (ex.., Tableau, Microsoft Power BI)

Understanding of Anaplan and Anaplan model building

Ability to work in an Agile team and collaborate with business partners

Understanding of programming principles and technology (ex. SQL, Python, Java, etc.)

Knowledge of data technologies and processes at a functional level (ex. Hadoop, MongoDB, Data Warehousing, Cloud, etc.)

Experience working with OLAP reporting tools such as Essbase, Cognos, etc.

Strong interpersonal skills and customer focus

Strong oral and written communication skills

A willingness to learn and develop new skills and promote technology innovation and transformation
