Position: Solutions Analyst

Location: New York, NY/ Iselin, NJ

About Vitech

Vitech Systems Group is a leading provider of group administration software to the insurance, retirement and investment industries. The V3 System serves many of the world's premier investment organizations with a combined $2 trillion in assets under management, and benefits clients servicing over 25,000,000 members.

Our mission is to help organizations improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their operations while increasing service levels and broadening service offerings. We do this via our V3 solution, our enterprise software platform that addresses a broad array of administration requirements and includes native workflow, imaging, CRM and self-service capabilities.

Our clients are seeking out a competitive edge through technology and solutions, and they rely on our team of industry domain and technical experts to design and deliver it. Here's your chance to join a dynamic, global team of technology and domain subject matter experts, developers, quality assurance experts and business analysts who are helping shape the future of technology.

Vitech currently has over 1,200 employees with offices and clients throughout the world. We are proud to share that Vitech has been in continuous, profitable operations for over 20 years. We offer a competitive compensation package and a comprehensive benefits program to ensure employees' health, well-being and financial security.

Visit us on the web at: www.vitechinc.com

Overview

The Solutions Analyst is a fast-paced, dynamic and challenging position. This role would allow you to leverage your entrepreneurial background and successful experience working in technology and project management. You will play an instrumental role in building out many of Vitech's functional areas. This seems particularly relevant to you given that we are a firm that delivers enterprise software solutions to Fortune 500 companies, which is seemingly in line with your background. Be a part of a thriving company with both an entrepreneurial spirit and the experience of an industry leader!

The Solutions Analyst will work with a multi-faceted team, enhancing system configurations, improve business processes, and ensure overall functional effectiveness of our proprietary V3 software. As a liaison between our clients and the development teams, we are looking for individuals with the ability to ensure consistency and accuracy for design solutions that meet client business needs. You will have a variety of interactions-gathering requirements, drafting initial specifications, handling implementation issues and providing onsite Q&A.

Be a part of a thriving company with both an entrepreneurial spirit and the experience of an industry leader!

This is a role with high internal executive and external client visibility, with tremendous growth potential!

Responsibilities
Establish and maintain excellent relations with all clients as measured by their confidence that Vitech can and will deliver a quality business solution.
Responsible for the analysis of the business needs and documenting the business rules across one or more client accounts.
On-site client visits will be required for conducting initial foundational analysis and production of requirements documents, functional specification documents, testing, training, and project work.
Responsible for collection of client documents; for weekly review and management of reported issues and modification requests, including the testing of and confirmation of reported issues.
Responsible for coordination, testing and deployment of client application releases.
Effectively communicate functional requirements to development team.
Serve as on-site client support, and ongoing client-training.
Serve as liaison between development staff and user community during development, testing and implementation stages as well as for on-going modifications; on- site support for system cutover.
Develop significant application and related business requirements expertise.
Undertake on-site application deployments, test script development, and test script execution.
Requirements
A critical and analytical approach to problem solving
Attention to detail, and excellent written and verbal communication skills
Dexterity with use cases and requirements management tools
A strong understanding of relational databases
A minimum of 3 years of experience as a Business Analyst
BA/BS degree in a Business-, Engineering-, or Computer Science-related field
Willingness to travel
Other Skills and Experience
Excellence in the analysis of business processes, documentation presentations and testing scenarios
Experience in ERP implementation or integration projects
Successful track record of translating business requirements into functional specifications
Vitech Systems Group is an equal opportunity employer (EOE), M/F/Disability/Veterans, and strongly supports diversity in the workforce.
