A department which values Diversity and
Inclusion (D&I) and is committed to realizing the firm’s D&I ambition
which is an integral part of our global Conduct and Ethics Standards

CRO Change Management team is looking
for an experienced AVP- VP Business Analyst/Project Manager to work on Risk
platform changes.

Opportunity is to work with global CRO
Change team. This team is responsible for Business Data Analysis and delivery
of pan Risk projects.

The candidate will serve as the
dedicated face-off and representative of the “Sponsor” to “Supplier” functions
including Risk Change, Risk & Finance IT, Risk Innovation, and Risk and
Finance Data Analytics & Reporting

This role would be responsible for:
Interacting with the
Credit Risk Review teams for requirement analysis and working with our dynamic
team to deliver pan risk projects.
Authoring business
requirement documents, use cases, functional specifications and test
strategy/test plans.
Document business
processes, streamline various operations and seek opportunities for
improvements.
Managing user demo
sessions, conducting user acceptance testing, product roll out strategy
Coordinating with
respective Offshore-teams to get various projects delivered.
Understands the value
of diversity in the workplace and is dedicated to fostering an inclusive
culture in all aspects of working life so that people from all backgrounds
receive equal treatment, realize their full potential and can bring their full,
authentic selves to work. This should be further elaborated on in your
application.
Business
Analyst/Project Manager with 5 years of work experience within Investment
Banking projects.
Detailed
understanding of Banking Risk Management practices and recommendations, and
understanding of Counterparty Credit Risk concepts and measurement approaches
Excellent Data
analysis skills with help of provided tools, and should have understanding of
SQL queries. Medium proficiency is essential
Sound experience in
writing BRDs and FRDs and ability to coordinate execution of UAT test cases and
Regression testing is a plus!
Outstanding
interpersonal and time management skills along with strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Hardworking,
proactive with ability to learn in a fast paced environment
