This newly created position will bring together and interact with business groups and IT to define and improve the process to assure accurate agency management through all systems including but not limited to reporting, regulatory, compensation and compliance.
This role is responsible for defining the coordination of all projects that impact agency management processes and controls, including the Agency Data Repository System (ADR) to efficiently interact with all upstream and downstream systems. You will work with Legal, IT, Finance, Product and other business groups as appropriate.
Specifically this position will:
Lead the design and planning, for new programs (product, company, state) relating to agency management processes.
Define any business impacts and resource requirements
Collaborate with IT to develop and implement full scale project plans
Manage project scope and budget to meet goals
Manage project resource allocation across business groups
Plan and schedule project timelines and dependencies in concert with IT Project management.
Provide direction and support to project team
Monitor and report on progress of the project to all stakeholders
Manage project changes and interventions to achieve project outputs
Communicate process changes to all business groups and ensure all groups are trained on updates.
Understand and communicate all downstream system effects of new process/projects.
Required Skills and Abilities:
Critical thinking and problem solving skills, with ability to work a project end to end.
Exceptional oral and written communication skills.
Demonstrated strong work experience in project management capacity.
Knowledge of project management techniques and tools.
Proven experience in strategic planning, decision making and change management.
Knowledge of insurance company internal and backend systems/processes preferred.
Planning and organizing.
Influencing and leading.
Advanced computer skills, including proficiency with Microsoft Office suite, and vendor platforms related to job functions. SQL are a plus.
A Bachelor’s degree is required.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.
