The Data/Information Mgt Sr Anlst is a seasoned professional role. Applies in-depth disciplinary knowledge, contributing to the development of new techniques and the improvement of processes and work-flow for the area or function. Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Requires in-depth understanding of how areas collectively integrate within the sub-function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the function and overall business. Evaluates moderately complex and variable issues with substantial potential impact, where development of an approach/taking of an action involves weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations using multiple sources of information. Requires good analytical skills in order to filter, prioritize and validate potentially complex and dynamic material from multiple sources. Excellent communication and diplomacy skills are required. Regularly assumes informal/formal leadership role within teams. Involved in coaching and training of new recruits. Significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc. by influencing decisions through advice, counsel and/or facilitating services to others in area of specialization. Work and performance of all teams in the area are directly affected by the performance of the individual. Responsibilities: This function covers incumbents responsible for various data activities, which include database administration, data analysis, maintenance, data quality, and database management or database architecture / design engineering Responsible for following established guidelines and identifying and resolving problems Use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts Contribute to work flow or process change and redesign, and to form a basic understanding of the specific product or process Accountable for regular reporting or process administration as owner May direct day-to-day work of junior level employees, but will not typically have formal management role Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 5-8 years of experience Ability to think strategically, creatively problem solve, and the ability to engage resources outside of their direct control to achieve objectives Working experience in a quantitative field Experience in segmentation, modeling, and optimization Understanding of the consumer lending market and customer life cycle Know-how on analytic tools (SAS E-miner, Knowledge Seeker, SPSS etc.) Education: Bachelors/University degree or equivalent experience This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. Developing comprehensive measurements of client level capital returns based on Risk Capital and TCE for use in optimizing the use of scarce capital is one of the key goals of ICG. The individual hired will be responsible for designing and implementing processes for monthly production of Risk Capital and TCE driven client returns as well as for developing the transaction calculator for deal evaluation. Additional responsibilities will include working with partners in Business Units and Finance and Risk organizations in improving (a) the quality of revenue and capital metrics produced in the firm and (b) the alignment of capital metrics as reported by front-office and risk. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type : ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
