About NEXT Trucking:

Headquartered in "Silicon Beach" El Segundo, CA -- NEXT is a company driven by a commitment to providing world-class service to shippers and truckers alike. We're on a mission to solve a trillion-dollar puzzle and offer painless freight.

Armed with experienced professionals from Amazon, Google, Facebook, Snap, and Salesforce, NEXT is seeking change agents who are excited to make a meaningful impact on an industry driving the U.S. economy. Forbes included us on its 2019 Next Billion-Dollar Startups list, and we've been recognized as one of Built in LA's Best Small Companies to Work For and 50 Startups to Watch. NEXT is venture-backed by leaders such as Brookfield Ventures, GLP and Sequoia Capital.

We are passionate entrepreneurs, creative thinkers, and decision-makers who will transform the freight transportation industry with modern technology. We create delightful product experiences that enable freight to move effortlessly, solving complex problems for our shippers and carriers. We collaborate with some of the best designers, engineers, and business partners to achieve our goals.

Are you NEXT?

About The Role:

A Pricing Analyst plays a critical role in maintaining and growing all modes of business by acting as an extension of the Sales, Account Management, and Operations departments. The primary responsibility of the pricing analyst is providing quick pricing and rate support that allows us to earn more business. In addition, a pricing analyst will be participating and/or completing bids and rate matrices. A Pricing Analyst should be comfortable working and strategizing as a part of a client team and will work diligently to drive customer retention and revenue growth.

What You'll Do:
Actively price new and existing business focusing on profitability, efficiency and supporting strategic initiatives
Become an expert on freight market conditions and pricing strategies
Make internal customers aware of market factors and events that may impact specific pieces of business
Ensure that the network receive notices regarding significant market issues in a regular and consistent fashion
Ensure compliance with FMC rate filings and internal rate maintenance procedures
Maintain pricing databases in system
Participate in rate matrix reviews to ensure profitability and competitiveness for key accounts
Demonstrate awareness of Global Forwarding product and services of CHRW that may be included in pricing
Use various industry and internal tools to gain market & industry awareness
Meet with and develop relationships with SSLs, truckers, and other partner vendors, as requested
Negotiate with and leverage business volumes with partner vendors, as requested
Responsible for special projects and other tasks, as assigned
Coordinate proposal development with Sales Ops, Marketing, Ops, Finance and Sales teams.
Assist Sales Operations leadership in monitoring and managing pricing approvals for new customers, amendments, and renewals.
Monitor and update sales team pricing models with empowerment ranges (to include periodic cross-functional reviews).
Provide regular and ad hoc pricing analysis and reporting for management.
Prepare/maintain multi-year cost/pricing models, incorporating appropriate operating, on-line and on-site service costs.
What You'll Need:
Bachelor's Degree is a plus, High School diploma or GED required
Minimum 10 year pricing experience (OTR/Drayage)
Excellent working knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint & Word
Exceptional communication skills
Detail-oriented with an ability to meet quick deadlines accurately
Excitement and passion about our industry, product, vendors, and customers
Highly motivated, ability to work and think independently
Displays 'team first' attitude by focusing on learning from teams and sharing with teams
What You'll Receive:
Competitive base salary, bonus, equity
Full Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits
401k w/ company match
Vacation and holidays
Casual work environment
Fun perks: open office, dog-friendly, unlimited snacks, and monthly catered lunches!
Join a rapidly growing technology company disrupting the trucking industry
