At Edmunds were driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industrys first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how!

What Youre Applying For:

Edmunds is seeking a skilled, creative and enthusiastic Analyst experienced in generating actionable insights from large sets of data, measuring business performance, and identifying areas of growth and optimization using advanced analytical and experimental approaches.

The ideal candidate is also a natural problem-solver that enjoys working with large data sets and is proactive in exploring database tables and using data to make clear and convincing business cases.

The analyst will play a crucial role in supporting our business by monitoring and identifying any trends and insights around our core KPIs, analyzing effectiveness of our AB tests, as well as identifying areas of optimization and growth by extracting insights through modeling, testing and experimentation. In addition, this person will be expected to take ownership of projects to continually improve reporting quality through automation while also working cross-functionally to generate key insights, reports and analytics.

The right candidate will have experience working across business and functional boundaries, partnering with internal clients to provide decision-making support through analytic insights.

This is a great opportunity for an individual with significant business acumen that is interested in playing with the wealth of structured and unstructured data that is available within the car buying ecosystem. Curiosity and business intellect are a must.

What Youll Do:
Determine the right analytical approaches to solve key business problems
Create reports, dashboards, ad hoc requests, forecasts, etc. utilizing our data warehouse and other sources of data
Assist with ideation, development, execution, and analysis of A/B tests & experiments aimed at increasing website engagement and conversion
Translate complex data into actionable insights, identify areas of optimization and growth
Summarize your findings and prepare visualizations of data in order to explain and persuade
Effectively collaborate with product managers, engineers, ad ops and sales teams across the organization
Provide recommendations to key stakeholders
What You Need:
A passion for analytics
Strong analytical skills
Solid data extraction and manipulation skills - SQL experience required
Data visualization and storytelling skills:
track record of being able to tell a compelling story using data
daily interaction with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Interana
sound presentation and communication skills
Ability to multitask and to balance competing priorities. Strong project management, verbal and written communication skills.
Data modeling / statistical analysis / predictive modeling experience is a plus (R, SAS and/or Python)
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, business analytics, etc. with three to five years of related work experience
Working @ Edmunds.com:

Employees think its a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal, Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If youre interested in learning more and joining our mission, wed love to hear from you!

Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.

*LI-DNP
