Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of 500+ individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, designers, animators, engineers, and more. We develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 6 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a rare breed of analytics powerhouse and business-savvy --- a pro-active, intellectually curious and entrepreneurial Product Analyst to lead, own and deliver in-depth analyses of large-scale data problems to influence numerous aspects of business performance. This valuable Product Analyst will have a strong impact in influencing Product Management and Senior Executives in actionable business/roadmap recommendations. Contribution will come in the form of data manipulation, business monitoring, data visualization, ad-hoc analyses, defining data capture requirements and verifying data integrity.
Responsibilities:
Own product analyses to understand how user behavior impacts KPIs, such as retention and long-term value. Important to know the right questions to ask to generate the business outcome necessary with limited guidance.
Monitor and analyze business performance by providing regularly refreshed data visualizations and ad hoc analyses.
Develop frameworks, models, tools, and processes to ensure data-driven decisions across org.
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements. Partner with other teams so that the right data is captured.
Partner closely with business teams to surface key insights and learnings to inform marketing initiatives and product increments.
Communicate expectations directly with stakeholders and other team members to formulate requirements for dashboards and ad-hoc analyses.
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality. Challenge and recommend solutions to solve problems.
Perform complex data extractions, manipulations and validation from internal data warehouse to effectively analyze data.
Drive A/B and multivariate testing strategy and implementation across desktop and mobile platforms.
Continue to improve and enhance automated/real-time dashboards and visualization of key metrics.
Maintain knowledge of competitive and related products.
Required Qualifications:
Must be able to understand and analyze data, synthesizing large volumes of data and complex questions into clear analyses and actionable findings.
Intellectual curiosity in user behavior, UI/UX, mobile marketplaces, marketing. Experience in games or education a plus.
Strong analytical and reporting skills. Fluent in complex SQL queries on big data sets. Fluent in Tableau and Excel. Additional data visualization capabilities a plus. Modeling experience in R or Python a plus.
Comfort defining analytics architecture that meets product management requirements.
Collaborative problem solving skills. Entrepreneurial and results-oriented. Strong work ethic. Does what it takes to get the job done and naturally goes the extra mile.
Ability to identify edge cases and solve practical problems.
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
At least 2 years in an analytical/product focused role, preferably from a digital environment
Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; or two to four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination.
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!
