Role and Responsibility
Responsible for developing and costing retail ready product for Allied Home customers. Must have a good understanding of the Basic Bedding retail market and experience working with North American retailers. MUST SPEAK CHINESE / MANDARIN in order to communicate with our international business partners.
Essential Duties and Job Functions
Create product quote sheets based on design and customer requirements.
Coordinate production details between overseas factories and sales or customers to ensure timelines are met.
Design and Develop new product and product technologies based on market needs and requests from Sales and Customers.
Set up pricing in costing database and update pricing as necessary.
Coordinate production details between overseas factories and sales or customers to ensure timelines are met.
Coordinate product sample requests from overseas suppliers.
Review new product samples for design elements and salability for the Basic Bedding market.
Communicate specification details and quote requests to overseas suppliers to get pricing on retail ready product and material components.
Coordinate with suppliers on lead times for new product or large promotions.
When applicable negotiate pricing with overseas suppliers.
Coordinate product rollouts and program expansions with Sales and Operations.
Other Duties and Responsibilities:
Manage quote requests timelines and deliver quote sheets in a timely manner.
Manage pre-production sample request timelines and provide status updates on a regular basis.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Experience in developing and costing of Basic Bedding products.
Knowledge of Basic Bedding Products and North American Retail Market trends and customer assortments would be an asset.
Must have some knowledge of manufacturing of textile finished products.
Minimum 5 years' related work experience is required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Must be detail oriented and able to multi task and meet tight deadlines.
Must be proficient in English. Chinese would be a plus.
Proficient in Excel, Word, Outlook, required.
Training on use of costing database will be provided. Must become proficient within 30 days of hire.
Work Environment: Office
Work Hours: 40 Hours per week 8:30am to 5:00pm. There will be after hours work required to meet deadlines and some travel required during Market Week and customer meetings.
Supervisory Responsibilities: None
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $50,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Employee Discount
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Overtime
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
In order to keep our employees safe we are following all Federal, State and County orders. We have created our own Wellness Safety Program where masks are required in ALL of our facilities and temperatures are taken prior to entrance of buildings.
Experience:
Developing and Costing: 5 years (Required)
Textile manufacturing: 2 years (Required)
Language:
Chinese / Mandarin (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
We are a bedding manufacturer, basic bedding retail market experience will be required.
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
Alliedhomebedding.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
