Johnsonville products are available in retail stores in all 50 states. As a member of this sales team, you’ll be the link between Johnsonville and millions of consumers, who enjoy our sausage as part of a quick breakfast or an outdoor tailgate with friends, family and neighbors. Johnsonville relies on experienced and dedicated sales professionals to ensure our customers receive the products they need and want, and that their consumers are satisfied. As a member of our retail sales team, you’ll work closely with Johnsonville’s marketing and category management teams to develop and deliver consumer insights and category reviews that help our customers be successful. You’ll also work with our broker partners to make sure that sales strategies are fully and effectively executed, from headquarters to the retail stores. At Johnsonville, we call this delivering HICS -- Highest Impact On Customer Success.

Johnsonville, LLC

Posting

Business Manager

Southwest Area

Position Overview:

Johnsonville is looking for a Business Manager to join our sales team in the Western Region. Use your leadership and management skills to run your own marketplace in the Southern California, Arizona, and Las Vegas markets, including the responsibility for our broker network. Key customers include Albertsons-Vons SoCal, Stater Bros, Smart & Final, UNFI, SoCal Independents, Albertsons-Safeway SW, and Bashas’ Companies.

Responsibilities:
Develop and build strong relationships with customers--those in key strategic decision-making positions at headquarter level and within retail store accounts
Create and execute strategy with key accounts
Gain and maintain distribution across all Johnsonville categories
Create innovative programs and promotions
Develop and manage broker relationships
Education:
Bachelor’s degree required
Experience:
Minimum of five years’ consumer packaged goods sales experience in the retail grocery industry in the Southern California marketplace
Experience building relationships with key customers, including at headquarter level
Experience using syndicated data in selling
Experience with Trade Promotion Management (TPM) systems strongly preferred
Proven record of substantially building a business
Shopper Marketing and Social-Digital activations
Broker Management and/or Broker experience a plus
Skills and Competencies:
Strong relationship building skills
Superior strategic and tactical business planning skills
Excellent communication, negotiation and presentation skills
About our Company

Since 1945, our family-owned band of sausage-makers has invented better ways to make, eat and prepare crave-able sausage. Today, we are 2,000 Members strong. We sell our famous sausage in all 50 United States and more than 40 countries. We have a culture built on the idea that if we make developing your talents our top priority, great business results will follow naturally. We call it The Johnsonville Way. It has been our secret sauce for decades, and we hope you get to experience it for yourself!

Coach: Region Coach, (We don’t have bosses at Johnsonville. We have Coaches. They are there to help you develop your talents.)

Travel: 25-35% (You work out your own schedule)

Preferred Location: Southern California (Work from home when you’re not traveling)

Member Status: Full Time, Salaried, (At Johnsonville, you are not an employee, you are a Member)

Apply on-line only at: http://jobs.johnsonville.com

We value the diversity of our workforce and we embrace the principles of Equal Opportunity Employment. M/F/Vet/Disability

Johnsonville values the service Veterans and their family members have given to our country. We support the hiring of returning service members and military spouses.

We value the diversity of our workforce and we embrace the principles of Equal Opportunity Employment. M/F/Vet/Disability

Johnsonville values the service Veterans and their family members have given to our country. We support the hiring of returning service members and military spouses.
