Headquartered in "Silicon Beach" El Segundo, CA -- NEXT is a company driven by a commitment to providing world-class service to shippers and truckers alike. We're on a mission to solve a trillion-dollar puzzle and offer painless freight.

Armed with experienced professionals from Amazon, Google, Facebook, Snap, and Salesforce, NEXT is seeking change agents who are excited to make a meaningful impact on an industry driving the U.S. economy. Forbes included us on its 2019 Next Billion-Dollar Startups list, and we've been recognized as one of Built in LA's Best Small Companies to Work For and 50 Startups to Watch. NEXT is venture-backed by leaders such as Brookfield Ventures, GLP and Sequoia Capital.

We are passionate entrepreneurs, creative thinkers, and decision-makers who will transform the freight transportation industry with modern technology. We create delightful product experiences that enables freight to move effortlessly, solving complex problems for our shippers and carriers. We collaborate with some of the best designers, engineers, and business partners to achieve our goals.

Are you NEXT?

About The Role:

As a central and mission critical function in the company, the Business Intelligence function partners closely with Data Engineering, Product, and all business functions. The Business Intelligence team primarily focuses on generating insights from data in the form of refined tabular and graphical reports, as well as supporting the business in data-informed executive decision making with key performance metrics and ad-hoc analysis.

As an Analyst, Business Intelligence, you will help formulate new product features and enable new business capabilities by supporting the strategic design and decision making in addition to enhancing the data driven culture. You will act as an internal consultant and play a pivotal role in instrumenting and continuously improving the performance and scalability of our products, operations, and our overall business. You will help shape the direction of our products and business by closely working with our Product team, Operations Team, business partners, and executives. Based on your strengths and interests, you will have the opportunity to drive a broad spectrum of insights and decisions in Forecasting & Econometrics, Pricing & Auctions, Transportation & Routing, Inventory & Capacity Management, Logistics & Supply Chain Optimization, Experiment Design & Recommendation Systems, Growth & Product Analytics, and Personalization & Marketing Science, to name a few.

What You'll Do:
Partner with internal stakeholders on business initiatives to identify and articulate opportunities for applying data science. See beyond the data to propose and build solutions that will raise the bar for decision making.
Partner with product managers and product designers in synthesizing and prioritizing a product roadmap.
Instrument the organization, the product, and the business ecosystem by building descriptive and predictive models. Coach and support individuals across organizations to evangelize a decentralized culture of data-driven decision making throughout the company.
Apply your expertise in data mining, data science, and data visualization to develop analytics solutions.
Collaborate with cross-functional engineering and product teams across business functions to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions.
Define, compute, track, and continuously validate key performance metrics with descriptive and predictive analytics.
Recommend and drive process changes based on experiment design and analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance.
Mentor other business intelligence experts as needed on best practices for data-informed decision making.
What You'll Need:
B.S. in a quantitative field or an engineering field or a related B.A. degree.
2+ years of experience in building analytics solutions to provide business intelligence.
2+ years of experience in SQL and data modeling.
Rich understanding of data visualization and storytelling practices. Solid understanding of popular Data Visualization tools.
Ability to act as an internal consultant and to partner with and influence stakeholders.
Strong communication skills to present effectively and to explain algorithms and insights to major non-technical stakeholders, including senior executives, board members, and large customers/partners.
Collaborative team player.
Nice to Have:
B.A.. in a quantitative field or an engineering field or a related MA/MBA degree.
Experience in implementing custom visualizations (e.g. R Shiny, Python Dash).
Experience in data engineering.
Experience in building data science models and algorithms for ML/AI, Optimization, Simulation, and/or Statistics.
Experience in working with or in support of a diverse set of business functions.
Experience in transportation, logistics, and supply chain industries.
Experience in venture-backed startups or other hyper-growth environments.
Corporate leadership experience with the ability to contribute meaningfully to strategic conversations and executive decisions spanning multiple functions.
What You'll Receive:
Competitive Base Salary + Equity
Full Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits
401K w/ company match
Vacation and Holidays
Fun perks: open office, dog-friendly, unlimited snacks, and monthly catered lunches!
Join a rapidly growing technology company disrupting the trucking industry
