Business Analyst Position Summary The Business Analyst (BA) is primarily responsible for developing quality software requirements alongside business stakeholders. The BA assumes overall performance responsibility for developing and delivering technical solutions to business problems. The BA advances the companyrsquos mission by developing, analyzing, and documenting application requirements. The BA works closely with the Director, Software Engineering (DSE), Vice President of Information Technology, Chief Operating OfficerChief Information Officer (COOCIO), and the software development team to accomplish goals and project objectives. Our ideal candidate has the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and translate business data into digestible information that improves corporate and customer processes. Duties Responsibilities Essential Job Functions Effectively maintains and builds relationships with external business partners and internal department stakeholders. Responsible for cross-functional activities to ensure all external organizations and internal departments are involved. Resolves requirement conflicts and barriers as they arise. Solicits, analyzes, and defines functional and non-functional technical requirements and priorities with the business owners and other cross functional stakeholders using process flows, technical requirements lists, specifications, diagrams, scenarios, mockups, andor models Works directly with customers to develop requirements and see them through the approval process. Provides clear and consistent communication of requirement status both internally and with business partners and customers. Monitors the SDLC ensuring that accurate QA and UAT is completed, and participate with developing test cases based on business requirements. Maintains the Requirement Approval Process and continuously develop improvements. Assists team members in planning, estimating and controlling requirements. Captures and manages project risksissues and the execution of risk mitigationcontingency plans and any necessary escalations. Creates or updates policies and procedures, as required. Analyzes, develops, prioritizes, communicates and coordinates application changes to fulfill business objectives. Provides enhanced technical and procedural support for all Help Desk calls. Participates in user acceptance testing of system enhancements and projects Conducts product spec reviews with key stakeholders to ensure requirements are complete and well understood. Presents upcoming changes and newly developed features in written format and at department meetings Provides 247 support for mission critical software solutions such as, digitalDONOR which is critical to recovery and call center operations. Implements advanced strategies for gathering, reviewing and analyzing data requirements. Solely responsible for the validity and applicability of proposed requirements, personally validating the requirement against our business workflows. Prioritizes initiatives based on business needs and requirements. Manages competing resources and priorities with a great attitude. Leads ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Creates direct channels of communication to software and application developers that get the job done without continual and interruptive managerial interjection Automates various workflows and approvals within our JIRA system. Other Responsibilities Responsible for representing OneLegacy and for providing customer service in a professional manner when working with staff and other customersvendors. Ensures annual performance self-evaluation is completed within company guidelines. Required attendance at department staff meetings. Performs all duties and responsibilities in compliance with safety guidelines, policies and procedures, regulations as outlined in the Code of Federal Regulations, and other applicable federal, state and local laws. a. Performs quality control practices as defined by the policies and procedures. Supports the organizationrsquos Standards of Professional Conduct as outlined in the OneLegacy Policies and Procedures, and the mission, vision and values of the organization. Maintains a neat and organized workstation and environment. Performs other duties and projects as assigned. Competencies and Skills Experience with Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Jira and MS Project. Working knowledge of SQL and Web technologies including JavaScript, CSS and HTML. Basic knowledge of networking and security related to network technologies. Knowledge of developing test scripts for validation testing purposes. Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast paced and deadline driven environment. Ability to interact and work with all levels of an organization. Illustrates a dedication to meeting requirements of internal and external customers, responding to all customer requests promptly and thoroughly. Strong verbal and written communication skills including ability to work in a team environment, give honest, direct feedback, is a solid verbal and written communicator, and ability to tailor communication to audience. Ability to present in front of staff at department meetings and in front of existing and new potential customers. Utilizes initiative and judgment to manage shifting priorities, risks and competing interests of multiple projects. Meets deadlines, prioritizes appropriately, copes well with change, and maintains composure under pressure. Strong understanding of both client-server and web application development concepts. Ability to understand engineering concepts, business case development, modeling techniques, and costbenefit analysis. Thorough understanding of the project life cycle process to effectively manage through the complexities of the business solution. Exceptionally strong leadership and communication skills to effectively manage multidisciplinary teams. Expert knowledge in requirement management with experience analyzing complex workflows.
