Please Note: If you are a current Spin Master employee with access to Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application.
Are you looking to further your career with an industry leading, global children's entertainment company?

At Spin Master, our unwavering commitment to open mindedness, integrity and innovation is a great part of what has made us an industry leader. How do we stay ahead of the pack? By hiring the best and brightest mindsand thats why we want you!


What's it like to work here?


Spin Master is a fast-paced, hands-on organization that provides many great opportunities for impactful decision-making; we are building a legacy and welcome individuals with a proven track record of driving results.
Job Description:

The role:
You will help drive analysis, research, and experimentation that is critical to growth and success of Spin Master brands
You will rapidly take responsibility in driving analysis and reporting around marketing efficiency, competitive dynamics and overall trends
What can we expect from you:
Collaborate with marketing managers to enable analysis and decision-making by creating self-service dashboard reports, reporting KPIs regularly, and communicating insights
Design and implement marketing experiments to drive company growth through digital and physical programs
Analyze media spend and campaigns to provide insights on media strategies and optimize media mix and budget
Perform analysis on market conditions and overall trends to derive insights that improve engagement and monetization
Produce detailed documentation to support and develop data integrity
Provide ongoing and ad hoc analytical support for GBUs and COEs
Streamline disparate sources of data into weekly and monthly scorecards
Survey design, analysis and reporting: Using our online survey management tool and in-house panel to program, field and analyze quantitative projects
Whos a good fit for this role:
High attention to detail
Well organized, analytical, and capable of multitasking
Excellent interpersonal, communication, writing and presentation skills
Ability to translate large amounts of data into key salient points
Ability to learn quickly and adapt to the needs of the situation
Able to manage workload and work independently and effectively with little supervision
You should apply if you have the following:
3+ years of professional experience. Experience in digital or marketing analytics
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Business, Economics)
Expertise in SQL and Excel
Experience with BI reporting & Dashboard Tools (Power BI a plus)
Experience in media mix optimization (TV, social, digital, etc)
What you can expect from us:


Our mission is to Make Life More Fun with a vision to push the boundaries of innovation, creativity, and fun. From top leadership to new and veteran team members alike, everyone at Spin Master embodies our Core Values:
• Integrity
• Open Mindset
• Innovation
• Partnerships
• Collaboration
• Driving Results
• Entrepreneurship

Follow us on Instagram and Twitter @SpinCareers to stay up to date on Spin Master career opportunities.

We do appreciate all interest; however only those selected for interview will be contacted.
