ONLY W2. Candidates local to Los Angeles, CA preferred.

The Business Analyst will work with Product Management team to fine tune features and convert features into user stories. They will be responsible for grooming stories with developers and QA team members. As a part of SAFe process, this position will also prioritize user stories into future sprints while taking dependencies into consideration.

Responsibilities:
Work with Product Management to understand features and minimize gaps in requirements.
Responsible for converting features into user stories.
Ensure backlog is prioritized while taking technical and business dependencies into consideration.
Groom user stories with developers and QA to ensure requirements are clear and the team is ready to execute.
Demo stories to stakeholders and gather feedback.
Troubleshoot issues as they arise in various production and non-production environments.
Qualifications:
A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related software engineering discipline.
2 years experience as a Business Analyst or a Product Owner.
Proven ability to transform features into well-articulated business requirements as user stories.
Outstanding problem solving skills, attention to detail and ability to find the correct solution for complex business problems.
Self-motivated and able to handle requests from multiple team members with competing priorities.
Must have strong organization and communication skills.
Excellent written and verbal skills.
Understand agile software development process.
Strong proficiency with collaboration and agile tools (Rally, JIRA, Confluence) is a plus.
Experience with SQL is a plus.
Job Type: Contract

Pay: Up to $45.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business analyst: 4 years (Required)
product owner: 3 years (Required)
Jira/ Rally/ Confluence: 5 years (Required)
SQL: 4 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Los Angeles, CA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
