Ref ID: 00510-0011489597Classification: Project Manager

Compensation: $45.00 to $55.00 hourly

Robert Half Management Resources is actively recruiting a Project Analyst Consultant for a 1 year engagement. The Company is a global leader in medical technology, services, and solutions in the Northern San Fernando Valley.

Key Responsibilities:
• Oversee and manage the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serve as a liaison between project management and planning, project team, and line management.
• Review status of projects and prepare status reports
• Review of Excel project data and assess progress and completion.
• Assess project issues and develop resolutions to meet productivity, quality and client satisfaction goals and objectives.
• Develop mechanisms for monitoring project progress and for intervention and problem solving with project and line managers, clients and other stakeholders

Job Requirements:
3+ years of prior relevant experience- Bachelor's degree in accounting or finance
Project Management detail oriented (PMP) Certification a huge plus
2-5 years of related experience or no experience with an advanced degree
Must be detail oriented
Must be proficient in Excel (v-lookups, large amounts of data)
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work independently.
Experience in a range of project management software like Microsoft Project, SmartSheet or other similar applications
Ability to analyze complex business problems, propose effective solutions and understand and apply business vision and direction
If you meet the above requirements, please email me a copy of your resume at anjali.chandel@rhmr.com

Robert Half Management Resources matches senior-level financial consultants with a variety of unique interim and long-term project opportunities in areas such as internal auditing, mergers and acquisitions, tax initiatives, and much more. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the legal opportunities that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local office at 888.490.3195 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/management-resources to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Management Resources. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
