Ames IT and Numeric Solutions, LLC is a premier IT and user experience web development services company located in Ames, Iowa. With years of experience in web and database development, our team members have worked successfully with start-ups and large-scale enterprises to produce world-class interactive web applications both for the front-end and the back-end. Our current project include project punch card, project eyeglass, project briefcase, project texam.

Position Type: Full Time Experienced, Full Time Entry Level

Job Description: The Business System Analyst is responsible for analyzing the needs of the business in both existing and new technology based ventures across multiple business units and regions. In addition, this position may need to support certain project management activities as well as provide technical and process support for assigned core technologies.

Job Responsibilities:

1: Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats- Information Gathering

2: Designs new computer programs by analyzing clients' and users' requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Understand users' requirement and construct plans to solve the problems-Documentation

3: Defines project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; forming project team; establishing project budget.

4: Develops business requirements through analysis on business activities, industry trends and sponsor requests.

5: Monitors project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports; recommending actions

6: Work with Product Management to understand features and minimize gaps in requirements.

7: Responsible for converting features into user stories.

8: Ensure backlog is prioritized while taking technical and business dependencies into consideration.

9: Groom user stories with developers and QA to ensure requirements are clear and the team is ready to execute

10: Troubleshoot issues as they arise in various production and non-production environments.

Job Qualifications:

1:BS or MS degree in business administration, information systems, or business related field.

2: 2-3 years experience as a Business Analyst or a Product Owner

3: Good understanding of Information Technology, experiences in coding and programming

4: Good understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and various SDLC methodologies.

5: Proven ability to transform features into well-articulated business requirements as user stories

6:Ability to actively take part in meetings and conferences and communicate effectively

7: Able to act as a Liaison between business and technical team to ensure successful delivery of IT products.

8: Strong proficiency with collaboration and agile tools (Rally, JIRA, Confluence) is a plus.

9: Experience with SQL is a plus

10: Proven ability to produce and explain UML (using Enterprise Architect) and use cases

Compensation: Competitive Salary plus bonus

Offer sponsorship for H1B, Green Card etc

Contact: Alex

Location: Employees may need to relocate across US in order to get onto specific projects.

Job Function: Information Technology Business Analyst

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Salary: $55,000.00 to $80,000.00 /year

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $55,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
The job can be conducted remotely until Covid-19

Experience:
Business Analysis: 1 year (Preferred)
Agile Project Management: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Preferred)
use case development: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Company's website:
www.ames-it-solutions.com
