Thanks you for your interest. Please note the purpose of this posting is to recruit for on-going and future positions.

About City of Hope

City of Hope, an innovative biomedical research, treatment and educational institution with over 6,000 employees, is dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life-threatening diseases and guided by a compassionate, patient-centered philosophy.

Founded in 1913 and headquartered in Duarte, California, City of Hope is a remarkable non-profit institution, where compassion and advanced care go hand-in-hand with excellence in clinical and scientific research. City of Hope is a National Cancer Institute designated Comprehensive Cancer Center and a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, an alliance of the nations 20 leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment.

Position Summary:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, reporting to the Vice President of Enterprise Business Intelligence, is an experienced professional with a passion for preparing and presenting information in a visually appealing and easily understood manner, making it relevant and actionable for key stakeholders.

Requires the ability to collect and synthesize complex data from multiple sources, provide intellectual rigor to analysis and interpretation processes, and derive meaningful insights that support the achievement of strategic and operational goals.

Key Responsibilities
Analyze large datasets to discover trends, patterns and actionable insights. Apply research and evaluation standards, descriptive statistics and data management principles to translate complex data into meaningful content. Present findings using verbal, written, and graphic communication techniques. Offer recommendations to support organizational performance improvement.
Work closely with multiple internal stakeholders to analyze business needs and deliver relevant information in appropriate formats.
Design, create, test and maintain a portfolio of reports, scorecards and dashboards.
Participate in enterprise-level metadata, master data management and data governance initiatives.
Stay informed about Business Intelligence industry trends, technologies and best practices that can be applied to achieve business goals.
Develop and implement business logic and the ETL mechanism to populate the EDW and Programming ETL tool with business rules to be applied to data from source input to target data repository, automating data extraction/load programs to run on regular schedule.
Utilizes understanding of dimensional data modeling techniques, data warehousing, design and concepts to produce balanced scorecard design, and design of dashboards and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators).
Gather and analyze business requirements to perform data modeling and mapping across multiple platforms for enterprise wide BI initiatives.
Identify data quality issues and support the data governance initiative by participating in necessary activities including data profiling.
Follows established City of Hope and department policies, procedures, objectives, performance improvement, attendance, safety, environmental, and infection control guidelines, including adherence to the workplace Code of Conduct and Compliance Plan. Practices a high level of integrity and honesty in maintaining confidentiality.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested.
Qualifications
Basic education, education experience and skills:
Undergraduate degree or equivalent required
5+ years of experience in business intelligence, systems analysis, informatics or a related discipline, including requirements gathering, solution implementation, testing and validation.
Experience in a health care, biomedical research and / or academic medical setting is preferred.
Demonstrated proficiency in analyzing data to derive business insights and support performance improvement initiatives
Demonstrated proficiency in the collection, classification, dissemination, integration and visualization of complex information
Demonstrated proficiency, formal training and / or certifications in one or more Business Intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, Spotfire, QlikView) required. Tableau experience strongly preferred.
Present complex information in a logical and understandable format to a wide variety of audiences.
Translate business requirements into technical and functional specifications. Design, develop and test deliverables based on specifications.
Strong analytical skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
An innovative thinker that can turn ideas in to solutions.
Ability to work with minimal supervision and lead small project / performance improvement teams if necessary.
Ability to collaborate effectively in a matrix environment.
City of Hope is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
