What We're Looking For We are seeking a Business Analyst who can acts as liaisonproxy between personnel and vendorsbusiness associates for problem resolution and system enhancements. On an as needed basis, the Business Analyst will be assigned the role of Project Manager for initiatives. Typical duties are comprised of, but are not limited to project scope definition and development, analysis and documentation of business processes, business requirements, and System Specifications. In addition, the Business Analyst shall verify that developed or acquired solutions meet the specified business needs, and assist with the user acceptance testing and system implementation. Additional duties include the recommendation of improvements to company processes and procedures and support on custom developed enterprise application (CC3). The ideal candidate will have the following responsibilities Understand Child Care Subsidy (CC3) software application and all software applications used by the Agency. Understand all funding terms and conditions for all subsidy programs. Provide user support, diagnosis system problems and perform basic administration tasks in support of Child Care Subsidy (CC3) software application. Interact with vendors, external entities and staff to resolve system issues. Act as internal consultant to functional areas. Analyze and document business process and workflow, gather user requirements, and define specifications for systems development or acquisition. Re-engineer business processes to improve efficiency. Project Manager for assigned initiatives which include the responsibilities to plan, develop specific course of action, timeframes and deliverables schedule, facilitate and lead meetings required to successfully implement projects, and to implement standardized project methodology. Prepare and maintain documentation required to capture and communicate pertinent information and produce project deliverables. Impart in-depth business knowledge to end users and project teams. Evaluate developed or acquired solutions for optimal efficiency and best match for functional requirements. Support team members throughout the project lifecycle. Apply contractual requirements to operational processes and procedures. Assist in design and implementation of user training programs. Keep abreast of child care industry regulations and best practices. Perform other duties as assigned. EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES YOU SHOULD POSSESS Bachelor's degree or minimum two (2) years equivalent work experience. Project Management certification preferred. Minimum of one year experience as a project lead implementing software applications as functional area proxy. Four (4) years experience as a business analyst, preferably within a nonprofit environment Must have knowledge of business process analysis, including process documentation, requirements gathering and specification definition. Must be familiar with project management best practices (PMI) and business process re-engineering methodology. Knowledge of child care services funding and contractual requirements is desired. We are an equal opportunity employer and make hiring decisions based on merit. Recruitment, hiring, training, and job assignments are made without regard to race, color, national origin, age, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, disability, or any other protected classification. We consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
