Sr.Business analyst with Production support and Entertainment industry exp is MUST Location Culver City, CA (Locals needed) Onsite position Duration 6+months Job Requirements Collect, review, analyze, prioritize, and manage system and user requirements from key stakeholders across disparate locations and time-zones. Ensure that all demand enters the IT pipeline appropriately. Create detailed proposals, business functional data requirements, process flows, use cases, and test scenarios. Obtain functional design specification approvals. Work with the business technical teams to clarify functional requirements. Serve as a liaison to other teams in planning, coordination, development and deployment of multi-team enhancements or projects. Leverage SPErsquos IT organization, infrastructure and technology capabilities to help deliver maximum business value. Ensure delivered projects and enhancements meet the requirements defined by the business customer. Create test scripts to test new enhancements and functionality, as needed. Define training needs and make sure that they are met for new or existing functionality. Create user guides and training documentation, as appropriate. Manage the UAT process by performing smoke testing, test case validation, and obtaining business approvals on UAT for scheduled deployments. Demonstrate functionality and coordinate UAT sessions with SMEs when appropriate. Ensure that Sonyrsquos Global Information Security Policies and other company controls are observed and applied to all applications in the portfolio. Respond quickly to vulnerability tests and internal and external audits. Manage incidents on a daily basis and follow up on critical issues. Establish and maintain clear escalation procedures so that problems and issues encountered are addressed in a timely manner. Facilitate the resolution of any issues which might arise. Provide VIP support in conjunction with and on behalf of the Global Service (Help) Desk. Seek opportunities to drive efficiency within the team including optimizing internal procedures, workflows andor streamlining communicationhand offs between team members Operate with trust, integrity and compassion for others Have the courage to ask difficult questions, providereceive constructive feedback in spirit of continuous improvement Experience Required Minimum 5 years of experience in IT or related technical professions Preferred Skills Previous Entertainment Industry work experience Familiarity of the Agile methodology Ability to facilitate business requirements and design review sessions with customers Strong communication skills verbal, written, listening and presentation Strong organizational and workload prioritization skills Strong program or project management experience Strong interpersonal, negotiation, and relationship management skills Strong critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills Strong process flow and diagramming skills (Visio application) Knowledge of JIRA and ServiceNow Ability to build basic queriesreports to support business requirements gathering Education Bachelorrsquos degree or related professional experience required Computer Science or related Information Technology degree preferred NOTE Must have experience in a Production Support role. When talking to the candidates, please include the following in your write-up Candidate to provide examples of Production Support experience, which is a key component of this position. (Most of the resumes to date have very little Production Support.) Production Support involves responding to resolving requests quickly (matter of hours), while keeping momentum going on business analysis and key initiatives Can they provide examples of defining ndash and adhering to ndash SLAs (Service Level Agreements) Examples of prioritizing Production Support requests, and determining true urgencies from what users think are urgent. Multi-tasking between Production Support and project initiatives candidates must be prepared for constant interruptions (can be challenging for some candidates) Please warn candidates that Production Support can be make it difficult to plan when onersquos day ends, as issues often need to be resolved quickly Do candidates have Kanban experience (an Agile methodology)? Why do they want this position? Passion for the entertainment industry is key. Candidate is to have clear concise communication skills. Please determine during your interview. Regards Bhaskar Dasegowda Indecomm Digital Services 8800 E Raintree Dr, Suite 200, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 P +1 (310)-526-8106 Fax (480)-419-3831 www.indecomm.com httpwww.indecomm.com www.digital.indecomm.com httpwww.digital.indecomm.com Bhaskar.encoragmail.com mailtoBhaskar.encoragmail.com This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this email or any action taken in reliance on this e-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.
