*What We're Looking For**
Works closely with office/project business managers, project controls staff, and/or project managers to support 4 for 4 performance: consistent delivery of quality work, on time, on budget, and to the client's satisfaction on every project through the project lifecycle in areas of marketing, contracting, and delivery. Performs project analysis and coordination, tracking & reporting, accounting month-end coordination, and cash management duties on assigned project(s). May support multiple project managers, departments and offices. Generally assigned to smaller/low risk projects ($5MM or less) or assists in supporting larger/complex projects.

Preferred Qualifications and Skills:

+ Project Management Certification, Other Contracting or Project Management Certifications

+ Good communication skills (written and verbal)

+ Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Word

+ Strong conceptual and analytical skills

+ Ability to work independently and with a team

+ Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task

+ General knowledge of project management processes, understands basics of A/E Industry
IND
*What You'll Need**
Essential Responsibilities:

+ Ensures financial integrity by compliance to internal and external governance requirements (HNTB policies and procedures, Client requirements, Industry standard accounting requirements and Government requirements), weekly review of project costs, monthly earnings review & billings reconciliation, subconsultant cost management and reconciliations, and accurate and timely estimate to complete reviews with project manager, annual overhead adjustments, and periodic review of project contract backlog and revenue/labor forecasting. Works with project manager and other project analysts to ensure accurate project revenue and costs accounting; ensuring the project financials are accurate in accordance with contract and internal and external financial processes and procedures.

+ Analyzes financial reports/metrics and provides assessment to project team members in areas of budget, profitability, earnings variances, and cash flow. May create tools/independent spreadsheets to help analyze burn rate/earned value, earnings variances, and cash projections.

+ Assists with effective cash management by creating and/or maintaining cash flow forecasts, internal and external invoice mapping procedures, coordinating updates/QC review of project billing notes and appropriate subconsultant PWP terms, communication of invoicing requirements to internal and external parties, coordinating project invoice reporting requirements. Maintains effective client counterpart relationships to drive successful cash results. Proactively tracks and reports on receivables and delinquent billings. Establishes, monitors and drives action plans for effective cash resolution on projects.

+ Assist project managers/other team members with providing proactive financial review/analysis and documentation for project review meetings, attends project review meetings and other project meetings as needed. Meets with project managers regularly to review burn analysis and recommendations and works with project manager to update cost projections to properly reflect current project status.

+ Provides input to the overall Project Management Plan in areas affecting cost and profitability, includes communicating project specific contract guidelines and/or procedures to project teams and ensuring adherence to those items.

+ Assists contracting/delivery managers and/or project managers with facilitating internal review processes of project agreements and work-at-risk documentation. May assist in preparation of draft templates under guidance from other team members. Reviews and provides information using historical data/research on client compensation practices, trends, risks, and opportunities. Reviews & ensures compensation language, billing requirements, other financial and/or reporting flow down appropriately to subconsultants/other partners. As part of the review process, makes recommendations for improved cash management and revenue enhancement opportunities; including highlighting improved invoicing approaches and cost recovery opportunities. May help build cost risk management approach for project (i.e., non-billables, project overtime requirements, etc.)

+ Facilitates and assists in running and documenting project baseline and target gross margin scenarios, final contracted margin and ER with corresponding assumptions using HNTB standard tools & templates. Provides financial review of fee proposals. Transfers internal fee proposals into Client forms or templates for submission.

+ Gives guidance/training to Project Management Staff and other office personnel on HNTB Processes and best practices.

+ Performs other duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications:

+ Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business, Engineering or relevant degree

+ 2 years' experience in financial/project analysis or similar position

+ In lieu of education, 6 years of relevant experience in Architectural/Engineering or similar industry only
*About Us**
For more than a century, HNTB has helped deliver infrastructure solutions that best meet the unique needs of our clients. With client relationships spanning decades, we understand infrastructure life cycles and have the perspective to solve technical challenges with clarity and imagination. We are far more than a design firm. We see and help address far-reaching issues of financing, legislation, design, construction, community outreach and ongoing operations. As employee-owners committed to the highest levels of performance, we enable clients to achieve their goals and inspiring visions.

Just like we are committed to delivering for our clients, HNTB is also committed to delivering for you by offering benefits to protect the health of you and your family, help you balance family and career, and build your savings for retirement. Learn more at https://www.myhntbtotalrewards.com/en/public/

HNTB Corporation is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran.

The HNTB Companies are an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, marital status, genetic information, citizenship status, or other status protected by law. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States (if the position is or will be one which is subject to U.S. law). We will provide reasonable accommodation for qualified individual with a disability where appropriate.
*Work Authorization**
Applicants for U.S. based positions with HNTB Corporation must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is typically not available for entry level positions.
