Job Description
Groundwork Coffee Roasters, LLC (“Groundwork”) is seeking a Business Analyst at its North Hollywood, CA offices. The Business Analyst supports Groundwork’s sales, planning, reporting, and budgeting process. The Business Analyst also provides analysis of financial performance and contributes to commercial business decisions. Additionally, this role is responsible for designing and implementing the company’s ERP program (SAP) and providing product training to company managers. The Business Analyst also leverages knowledge of IT and works on multiple systems to understand information flow and data requirements. The role supports strategic projects from inception to delivery, creates hypothesis, communicates findings, and builds consensus. Duties include generating sales projections and forecasts; measuring gap analysis by comparing past sales data and sales plan; and leading financial analysis for determining net income within the business budget. The Business Analyst’s goal is to drive fresh initiatives and develop new models for financial planning and business intelligence systems.

Responsibilities:
Write data extraction code in SQL server and load the raw data in SAP database.
Clean garbage data using SQL queries and NESTED queries.
Analyze data using trend line algorithms and manage information flow with internal teams and external clients.
Develop, create and modify existing stored procedure SQL code in MySQL server and fix errors to enhance system performance.
Develop enhancements in SAP to build FRICEW (forms, reports, interfaces, conversions, extensions, workflows).
Diagnose database related problems and apply SQL queries to enhance system performance and repair issues.
Use ERP software to facilitate ERP to integrate with other applications, build procedures, design workflow rules and translate business requirements to ERP solutions.
Analyze financial performance of the business and contribute to business decisions.
Analyze IT requirements and give advice on the use of IT.
Measure gap analysis by comparing past records and plans.
Analyze business processes and sales data using CRM and create ad hoc sales and financial reports.
Decode BRD into actionable insights and generate reports off of it.
Provide product development training to staff and managers on applications such as CRM and ERP program.
Work with cloud based platform such as Revel and build opportunity pipelines.
Liaise with other IT staff and devise ways to add new software to existing system and analyze system requirements.
Leverage knowledge of IT and assist in troubleshooting ad-hoc computer software related issues.
Minimum Requirements:
Requires a minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in finance, computer systems, or a computer-related field (e.g. information systems).
