Business Systems Analyst

Job Title: Business Systems Analyst

Exempt Status: Exempt

Division: Software Development

Episource, with over 3,000 employees worldwide, is a leading provider of risk adjustment services and solutions for health plans. Our services help Medicare Advantage, Commercial/Exchange, and Medicaid managed care plans improve and support accurate reimbursement in a post-Affordable Care Act market. Our services include retrospective chart reviews, medical record retrieval, HEDIS/ACO quality reporting, and data analytics, allowing payers and providers to dramatically reduce costs and improve quality of care.

The business systems analyst will support the implementation of new and maintenance of existing AWS cloud-based epiAnalyst for Episource’s health care provider and payer clients. The individual will collaborate with fellow analysts, account managers, project managers, product owners and engineering/QA as needed to support the full life cycle of analytic solution development. Collaboration with offshore and onshore staff to provide resolution to issues is required.

Responsibilities:
Write user stories in detail with acceptance criteria
Manage the lifecycle of enhancement or bugs from requirements to production
Work with testers to manage defect resolution
Train clients and sales staff on new functionality, share knowledge across the enterprise
Update user guides and training documentation
Analyze client data and provide feedback
Work on client implementations
Must maintain the ability to work in an environment with PHI / PII data.
May be assigned other duties.
Must maintain compliance with all company policies and procedures.
Assist with testing as needed
Ability to work independently and with teams to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices


Qualifications / Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in CS, MIS, or healthcare or related field / Master’s degree preferred.
2-4 years of health care analytics experience required
5-7 years’ experience within tech or healthcare industry preferred
Prior experience with a Medicare Advantage Plan, Medicaid or ACA plans
Strong understanding of claims/encounter, member, provider, Rx, Lab data sets
Previous experience with a health plan, hospital system or vendor to health plans
Understanding of MARA (Medicare Advantage Risk Adjustment) and or other Risk Adjustment methodologies.
SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle)
Agile methodology
SQL intermediate skills
MS office tools
Communication Proficiency. Problem Solving/Analysis.
Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintain a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Ability to safely and successfully perform the essential job functions consistent with the ADA, FMLA and other federal, state and local standards, including meeting productivity standards.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms
Must be able to lift and carry up to 20 lbs.
10% of domestic travel. Travel is primarily local during the business day, although some out-of-area and overnight travel may be expected.
EEO POLICY STATEMENT:

Episource, LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Episource, LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Episource, LLC expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Episource, LLC employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.
