Job Description
Consultant will work in a fast paced environment to develop reports and dashboards for the Program Management Office (PMO) using a variety of technologies including MS Access, MS Excel, Business Objects Xi, and Crystal Reports.
Consultant must be an exceptional business analyst and report developer, capable of translating business requirements into high quality PMO reports and dashboards.
Consultant will also be responsible for maintaining/enhancing the PMO's project database in MS Access.
10+ years of Access db development and report writing is required.
They will need to have the ability to develop and prepare business analyses and plans and develop and deliver presentations.
The reports produced will be used for program planning, business requirements management, budget execution and program coordination.
Validates resource requirements and develops cost estimate models.
Conducts and coordinates financial, operational, and related research to support strategic and Business/IT planning within the Revenue Cycle Program.
Interprets, evaluates, and interrelates research data, and develops integrated business analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision-making. i.e.
RPM data, Cognos, PMOS, etc..
Needs to be able to present findings of studies to RC Leadership.
Provides consultative, advisory, technical, and staff support, as appropriate.
Knowledge of the principles of strategic business decision-making.
Ability to process computer data and to format and generate reports.
Ability to create, compose, and edit written materials. Consultative and advisory skills.
Skill in the use of computerized spreadsheet, relational database, and word processing software.
Experience Level:
BA or BS required, plus minimum 5-10years of direct relevant experience.
Knowledge of project management principles, practices, techniques, and tools.
Knowledge and appreciation of Healthcare Industry is required.
Has the ability to support an Access db and report writing.
Ability to develop and prepare business analyses and plans.
Ability to develop and deliver presentations.
Design and implement Project Management reports and dashboards Manage/Enhance Project Management Database Analyze project data and make reporting recommendations Highly analytic, systems thinker Exceptional communicator
Ability to translate business concepts into technical design and implementation Thrives in an iterative environment,
Daily Responsibilities:

1. BI Solution architecture design

2. Develop prototypes, design, develop dashboards, reports in Tableau and/or Power BI

3. Build complex data manipulation workflows using Alteryx/other data manipulation tools

Required Skills:

1. Data Modeling, BI tool set experience(Tableau, Power BI etc)

2. Alteryx/Informatica/similar ETL tool design, development experience

3. Solution oriented consulting

Desired Skills:

1. Data Science skills, statistical modeling

2. Python, R, SAS other tools

3. Predictive analytics

Soft Skills:

1. Excellent verbal, written communication skills

2. Collaborate well with distributed team structure

3. Work well under pressure
