SUMMARYThe BSA Analyst is responsible for assisting within the BSA Department and supporting the BSA Officer as directed. The individual follows the Company's BSA Policy to ensure conformity and adherence with all applicable state and federal laws, regulations, and policies and procedures. Additionally, this individual possesses growing level of knowledge in the area of the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA)/Anti-Money Laundering (AML)/Officer of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and supports the monitoring and reporting process according to internal procedures and schedules, as well as providing support to their supervisor on special projects and assignments.Ensures compliance with established Bank policies and procedures. Demonstrates knowledge of, adherence to, monitoring and responsibility for compliance with state and federal regulations and laws as they pertain to this position including but not limited to the following: GLBA(Gramm-Leach-Briley Act) , Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd Frank Act), Elder Abuse Laws, Bank Secrecy Act in conjunction with the USA PATRIOT Act, Anti-Money Laundering and Customer Information Program and Right to Financial Privacy Act (state and federal).ESSENTIAL DUTIES1. Conduct customer relationship review as it relates to Currency Transaction Reports (CTR), Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD), Know Your Customer (KYC) and Suspicious Activity Report (SAR), and adhere to regulatory guidelines and the bank's practices.2. Analyzing the information to reasonably ensure customers' BSA/USA PATRIOT Act/OFAC compliance.3. Review assigned cases with banking relationships and products and detects possible suspicious activity; conduct any needed research; and file SAR as needed and document the research and analysis performed.4. Correspond with business units and branches for clarification of the activities conducted; obtain supporting documentation; and update responses to the BSA system.5. Perform the required KYC screening on new clients and higher risk customers defined by the bank's policy and procedures by documenting and corroborating the information obtained on the client as required by the banks' KYC Procedures utilizing a variety of independent research sources. Customers defined as high risk customer may include but not limited to Money Service Business (MSB), Trade Finance Service Customers, Politically Exposed Persons (PEP), Correspondent Banking Relationships, Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI), Cash Intensive Business Customers, Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO), and Import Export Wholesale Businesses.6. Maintain and manage list of accounts, and maintain required documentation.7. Conduct OFAC search on the beneficiaries of monetary instruments purchased by the customers using cash and record the search results.8. Stay abreast of compliance regulations as they apply to this position. Ensure activities are in compliance with the laws, rules, regulations, policies, and accepted practices.9. Ensure compliance with all external reporting requirements to include regulatory governing entities. Maintain all records, reports and supporting documentation for BSA compliance.10. Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works ethically and with integrity; upholds organizational values; accepts responsibility for own actions.11. Demonstrates knowledge of and adherence to EEO policy; shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; educates others on the value of diversity; promotes working environment free of harassment of any type; builds a diverse workforce and supports affirmative action.12. Follows policies and procedures; completes tasks correctly and on time; supports the company's goals and values.13. Performs the position safely, without endangering the health or safety to themselves or others and will be expected to report potentially unsafe conditions. The employee shall comply with occupational safety and health standards and all rules, regulations and orders issued pursuant to the OSHA Act of 1970, which are applicable to one's own actions and conduct.14. Performs duties specific to the position and other functions as assigned.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTSThese specifications are general guidelines based on the minimum experience normally considered essential to the satisfactory performance of this position. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required to perform the position in a satisfactory manner. Individual abilities may result in some deviation from these guidelines.* Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance and/or Business Administration from an accredited university; or 1 plus years of related experience and/or training; or the equivalent combination of education and experience within the financial industry.* Working knowledge of suspicious activity typologies, trends and patterns* Working knowledge of various business line operations and expected activities* Basic skills in computer terminal and personal computer operation, mainframe computer system, word processing, typing and spreadsheet software programs to meet the needs of the position.* Basic math skills; ability to calculate interest, commissions, proportions, and percentages; balance accounts; add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals; locate routine mathematical errors; compute rate, ratio and percent, including the drafting and interpretation of bar graphs.* Good verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills, with the ability to apply common sense to carry out instructions and instruct others, train personnel, write reports, correspondence and procedures, and speak clearly to customers and employees.* Ability to deal with complex problems involving multiple facets and variables in non-standardized situations.* Ability to work with little supervisor while performing duties.* Current driver's license and a vehicle with appropriate insurance coverage if required to drive in the course of performing assigned duties and responsibilities.We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with Criminal Histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.Candidate must be eligible to work in the United States. This position does not qualify for H1B Visa, STEM OPT, or other work study or employer sponsorship Visa programs.
