Location:
Los Angeles, California 90071

Job Terms:
Temporary

Salary:
$50-63/hour W2 + benefits (DOE)

Start date:
07/27/2020

Posted By:
Chelsea Caudill

Date:
06/23/2020

Job Description:

Aquent is seeking a Financial Writer (401K & Retirement Plans) in DTLA for a 40-hour a week contract assignment. Aquent pays a W2 hourly pay rate + offers health benefits, dental, vision, matching 401K and more. This is a 6 month contract that is likely to extend.

The ideal Retirement Plans Writer will have professional experience writing about 401K offerings to employers, plan sponsors or financial advisors / consultants. B2B or institutional experience is required. In this role you will be charged with writing about 401K and other types of retirement plans, how they can be structured, why chose our client's options, why our client's retirement plans are best, safest, and will be smart investing. The target audience range from employers, retirement plan sponsors and other financial consultants who advice employers on 401K plan choices.

Financial Writer Required Skills:
Must have experience from a financial services organization, banking client or another corporate client where you've gained experience writing for B2B or instructional audiences.
Must have experience & samples writing about 401ks & retirement plans OR written about financial planning & investments for B2B / institutional clients.
If you do not have the above, but you have written about 401K products or services for a consumer audience, that could work too! Experience from IBM, TIAA, Prudential, Fidelity, T-Rowe Price would be ideal.
Examples of work the manager would like to see include: white papers, insights articles, financial focused blogs (writing about the stock market or financial planning & investments), web articles, thought leadership around retirement plans.This role will require submitting / presenting your top 2-3 writing samples on the above noted subject matter.

Financial Writer (Retirement Plans & 401K) experience & knowledge:
The writer will be working on retirement plan thought leadership for an audience of 401k plan sponsors and financial advisors who work with plan sponsors on 401k matters. The writer will be working on white papers, presentations and web articles.
Basic understanding of financial markets, including equities and fixed income.
Ability to translate complex ideas into compelling, audience-appropriate communications.
Understanding of current digital tools, channels, trends and customer engagement, fluency in Social Media, Search, content Marketing and how to modify content to best deliver engagement with these different tools.
Combine creativity with the organizational skills to manage numerous different projects to tight deadlines. A self-starter who can work cross-functionally and thrives in taking risks or trying out new ways of doing things.
A bachelor’s degree required; emphasis on journalism, marketing, economics or related fields strongly preferred.
Strong analytical skills.
Proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint.
Other experience that would be beneficial for this role:
Knowledge or experience with ESG Environmental social governance or Socially Responsible Investing Model
Knowledge of IRA's
Investment opportunities and increase your portfolio
Ways to structure retirement plans to comply with rules & regulations
Ways to structure retirement plans to combat economic downturns
Research for RFPs or IPS
Research stocks, producing reports, providing recommendations
