The Business Solutions Analyst is primarily responsible for automating new and existing business reports and tools, ensuring efficiency and ease of use for both experienced and non-experienced users. This role will partner with multiple cross-functional groups in the execution of initiatives by ensuring projects are well formulated, designed, executed, operationalized, communicated and align with key corporate strategic goals. Responsible for training, supporting and answering questions on reporting systems and tools under the IT org. Continually identifying inefficiencies in current merchant and P&A team systems and processes and acting upon those needs as they arise with urgency is a key responsibility. This position reports to the Senior Manager Business Solution.


WHAT YOU'LL DO
Develop, maintain and train on Business Solutions supported tools and systems.
Document and communicate updates, enhancements and fixes of tools and systems to merchants & P&A teams clearly, concisely and with sense of urgency.
Meet with business partners frequently to understand pain points and recommend solutions to Sr Mgr of Business Solutions.
Ensure best practices and procedures in supported tools & systems are maintained. Users will have varying level of experience, must be able to communicate to a broad range of audiences.
Produce ad-hoc analysis regarding results of current projects & initiatives as needed. Make actionable recommendations from said analysis.
Provide subject matter expertise for multiple projects concurrently, through all phases of the development lifecycle.
Perform other job duties as needed.
WHAT YOU'LL NEED
Bachelor’s degree in discipline related to math, business and/or analytics.
Experience in retail planning preferred.
Intermediate VBA & SQL proficiency; ability to leverage large scale databases to derive data driven insights and automate previously manual tasks.
Excel expert at building reports and tools with efficiency considered in regards to both size and speed of tool.
Capable of independently accessing and leveraging large scale databases using SQL and business intelligence tools to conduct analysis and sound understanding of BI best practices and methodologies.
Planning and/or allocation experience is preferred.
Intermediate to expert experience with Business Intelligence tools.
Excellent analytical and creative skills.
Other programming languages such as R and Python are not required, but appreciated.
Excellent team collaboration skills; ability to articulately communicate with team members that have different expertise than this role.
Must have the ability to handle a multitude of diverse responsibilities and work independently to achieve desired results; have sound judgment and business acumen.
