Posting Title
IT Systems Analyst

12/26/2019

Job Description
The Systems Analyst is responsible for the deployment, ongoing operation and support of the Manhattan WMOS Suite and the Supply Chain applications. This role will be responsible for maintenance, support and configuration control of the supply chain applications, including managing the development and roll outs of functionality to new HFT sites or changes in support of existing HFT sites.
This role requires working throughout all levels of the organization, and working closely with business sponsors, business subject matter experts and Information Technology, to ensure that high business value solutions are planned and executed.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Responsible for the technical configuration and setup of the Manhattan application suite;
Support the administration of Manhattan Associates server environments;
Plan, test, and support WMOS, LM, DOM, SCI and Slotting configuration changes requested by the business;
Support WMOS, LM, DOM, SCI and Slotting application maintenance installs, and application/database/operating system upgrades;
Create SQL queries and uploads to support the business requirements;
Support MIF set up and monitoring;
Control the migration of Manhattan Associates code changes between non-production environments;
Ongoing responsibility for identifying errors and troubleshooting issues including bad configuration, messages, and communications failures that occur between MIF and associated internal and external applications;
Conduct root-cause analysis for application issues;
Support various phases of application development, testing and deployment activities;
Production support including periodic after hours and weekend support responsibilities;
Perform application management functions including performance monitoring and capacity planning for non-production and production environments;
Support dry-run activities and go-live execution to ensure code integrity.
Scope
Travel – As needed to support major supply chain initiatives, approx. 10 – 25%
Supervises staff – No supervisory responsibilities
Organizational Scope – All US locations/Single Category/Region/District/Distribution Center;
Decision Making – Part of a collaborative decision making process to determine the right approach for systems configuration and makes recommendations on related operational processes
Location-HQ Corporate Office.
Auto req ID
53406BR

State
CA

City
CALABASAS

Requirements
Job Qualifications – Education and Experience
3-5 years’ experience with as an application support specialist, systems analyst or application manager for Supply Chain execution software suites, Manhattan Open Systems applications preferred.
Extensive knowledge of applications interfaces; understanding of XML, EJB, webMethods and ETL tools – Informatica, preferred;
Knowledge of IBM Cognos and Jasper reporting a plus;
Experience with incoming and outgoing messaging between Manhattan WMOS and integrated MHE systems – Intelligrated preferred;
Experience implementing code revision controls;
Good knowledge of software development methodologies, tools, standards and procedures for high quality software development;
Good debugging and problem solving skills;
Must possess excellent time management, communication and organizational skills.
Physical Requirements
General office environment requiring ability to:
Stand, walk, sit for extended periods of time;
Speak and listen to others in person and over the phone;
Use keyboard and read from computer screen and reports;
Lift up to 15 lbs;
Must be able to perform this job safely in accordance with standard operating procedures and good manufacturing practices, without endangering the health or safety of self or others.

About Harbor Freight Tools
In 1977, when Harbor Freight Tools was started as a small family-owned business, we made a commitment to provide working people with great quality tools at the lowest prices. And for over 40 years, Harbor Freight Tools has done just that. From hand tools and generators, to air and power tools, from shop equipment to automotive tools, Harbor Freight offers more than 5,000 tools and accessories at quality levels that match or exceed competing brands, but at prices that are up to 80% less.

We're not your typical retailer. We're a team of high-achievers, who have a passion for excellence and continuous improvement and obsess about getting things done. We're also equally committed to doing the right thing and giving back to our community. And for us, collaboration is the golden rule. We're a 40 year-old, $4 billion company with over 30 million loyal customers and growing. If you are looking for a not so ordinary and highly rewarding career opportunity, we would love to talk with you.

Delivering Value to the Hardworking Since 1977
