Job Description
San Gabriel Water Company Is looking for an experienced IT Business Analyst to join our growing team. We offer great work life balance and competitive pay!

Under the direction of the Information Technology Manager, the IT Business Analyst will work with the different departments throughout the organization to evaluate data needs for various business processes, as well as using query tools to provide reports and other data extracts to support business needs and regulatory reporting requirements. This position will consult with users to identify current operating procedures and to clarify program objectives, take charge of a project and deliver results. Additional responsibilities as part of the company’s Information Technology teem include being responsible for writing system and user documentation as well as assisting in configuration and support of various business applications.

JOB DUTIES:
Responsible for a variety of tasks and duties, which may include, but would not be limited to, the following:
Analyze data contained in the corporate database and identify data integrity issues with existing and proposed systems and implement solutions.
Defines project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; forming project team; establishing project budget and Monitor project progression.
Provide technical expertise and recommendations in assessing new IT software projects and initiatives to support and enhance our existing systems.
Support various business units by performing queries of company data bases in support of both company and regulatory data requests.
Determine operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats
Construct workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications
Improve systems by studying current ending actions.
Investigate and resolve application functionality related issues and provide first level support and troubleshooting of our systems
Troubleshoot technical issues and identify modifications needed in existing applications to meet changing user requirements
Assist in systems analysis tasks, including creating and maintaining technical procedures and documentation for the applications including operations, user guide, etc
Assist in the creation of the system design and functional specifications for all new development projects
Assist with routine Data Processing department tasks relating to customer billing.
Subject to outside of normal business hours support of company systems for modifications, upgrades and emergency support.
Other tasks and duties as required
SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Skills, knowledge, and physical requirements include, but are not limited to the following:
Proficient knowledge of business applications in the following areas: Human Resources, Payroll, Finance, Procurement, Accounts Payable, Purchase Orders, Vehicle Maintenance, Material Control, OPS, Customer Service, Paratransit and Service Planning.
Experience with Infor or Lawson business applications
Experience designing and implementing IT and business process
Proficient in data analytics with a proven track record of delivering results
Should have a minimum of 5 years of technology experience with at least 3 years hands-on technical roles in the field and relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Strong awareness of software Integration points and the technology and/or systems used in the organization.
Previous experience in managing large data sets, query tools, etc. creatin simple reports from database repositories. Data Base support and design in Microsoft SQL with DB2 and Access experience a plus.
Background in Microsoft .NET, Visual Basic, and HTML is desirable.
Good working knowledge skills with Microsoft Office Products, Microsoft Visio, and Microsoft Project.
Strong project management skills with effective results focus within an information systems environment.
Experience in the development and implementation of standards, procedures and guidelines to support operational processes.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, including technical writing skills
Self-motivated with the ability to prioritize, meet deadlines, and manage changing priorities;
Proven ability to be flexible and work hard, both independently and in a team environment, in a high pressure on-call environment with changing priorities.
Willingness to work occasionally outside of normal business hours.
Excellent English oral and written communication skills.
Any knowledge or RPG, RPG ILE, RPG Free and CL programming helpful.
Ability to perform repetitive physical activities using feet, legs, hands, and arms, and which include use of keyboard, walk, sit, stand, bend, stoop, climb stairs, lift up to 35 lbs., reach, grasp, push, and pull
EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE

The following are required:
High school diploma is required.
Undergraduate degree in technical and/or business, or minimum 7 years of equivalent work experience
SQL database management and maintenance skills
Expertise in current computer hardware and software, including a practical application ability with Microsoft Office and Visio
Experience with installation, operation, troubleshooting and problem resolution of complex business systems
Valid California driver’s license and acceptable driving record.

Company Description
San Gabriel Valley Water Company, with 270 employees, offers the following benefits: vacation, sick leave and 12 paid holidays; group medical, dental, life, and long term disability insurance; and 401(k) with company match.
