Thank you for your interest. Please note, the purpose of this posting is to recruit for on-going and future positions.

About City of Hope
City of Hope, the #1 ranked Comprehensive Cancer Center in the Western United States, is an innovative biomedical research, treatment and educational institution with over 6,000 employees. We are dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life-threatening diseases. We are guided by a compassionate, patient-centered philosophy.
Founded in 1913 and headquartered in Duarte, California, City of Hope is a remarkable non-profit institution, where compassion and advanced care go hand-in-hand with excellence in clinical and scientific research. City of Hope is a National Cancer Institute designated Comprehensive Cancer Center and a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, an alliance of the nations leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment.
As an independent biomedical, treatment and education center, City of Hope is focused on basic and clinical research in cancer, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and other chronic, life-threatening diseases. Our infrastructure and collaborative energy sets us apart. By having scientists, treatment staff and manufacturing facilities side-by-side, our treatment advances can travel from laboratory to patient with lifesaving speed.

Summary of the Research Enterprise
As an independent biomedical, treatment and education center, City of Hope is focused on basic and clinical research in cancer, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and other chronic, life-threatening diseases. Our infrastructure and collaborative energy sets us apart. By having scientists, treatment staff and manufacturing facilities side-by-side, our treatment advances can travel from laboratory to patient with lifesaving speed.

Recognizing our teams accomplishments in cancer research, treatment, patient care, education and prevention, the National Cancer Institute has designated City of Hope as a comprehensive cancer center. That is an honor reserved for only 50 institutions nationwide.

The Beckman Research Institute of City of Hopes (BRI) world-renowned staff have been responsible for fundamentally expanding the worlds understanding of how biology affects diseases such as cancer, HIV/AIDS and diabetes. BRI houses over twenty unique departments, divisions and research centers. Each department within BRI includes internationally-acclaimed scientists and support staff who are among the best in their respective fields, pursuing a diverse range of research.

The result? A history of breakthrough innovations helping patients here and around the world, with even more to come in the years ahead. Over the past five years, the research enterprise at City of Hope has experienced a 34% growth in clinical trial accruals, 54% growth in grant awards and a 108% growth in grant funding.

Research Administration
Research Administration at City Hope is an all-encompassing administrative team working together to assist in advancing the scientific mission at City of Hope. The Research Administration team is continually seeking to connect with qualified candidates interested in filling current and future roles to both sustain first class service for the research enterprise and to exceptionally support future growth and expansion.

City of Hope's expanding clinical and research enterprise also supports a growing number of outpatient clinical network locations across Southern California as well as recently built satellite research facilities in nearby Monrovia, California, and TGen located in Phoenix, Arizona.

Key Responsibilities include:
Department Administration
Faculty and staff on/off-boarding. Grant proposal preparation and budget development. Financial management of external and internal funding. Internal and external policy and regulatory support.
Shared Resource Administration
Financial monitoring of income and expenses. Annual fee/rate schedule review and modification. Service line adjustment through survey and analysis.
Pre-award
Review and approve proposals to be submitted to external sponsors. Review and negotiate award terms and conditions, sign award documents, and initiate the award setup process. Coordinate sponsor requests including: Just-in-Time (JIT), changes in project scope, key personnel, or significant changes in effort. Initiate no-cost extensions and budget revisions
Post-award/financial
Award setup. Preparation and submission of interim and final financial reports. Invoice preparation, submission and AR. LOC draws. Award closeout. Expense allowability controls. External audit support.
Positions in these areas include:
Post-Award Financial Analyst
OSR Grants and Contracts Administrator
Pre/Post Award Research Operations Analyst
Research Business Manager
Research Business Director
The most qualified candidates will possess extensive knowledge and experience working successfully with faculty and scientists in an academic or clinical research environment.

Qualifications
Basic education, experience and skills required for consideration:
Bachelors degree with working knowledge of clinical or academic research administration.
Preferred education, experience and skills:
Masters Degree in business or health administration with expert knowledge and a proven track record of success in one or more of the following areas: Department research administration, pre-award grant processing, and post-award grant/contract management. Active membership and/or participation in professional societies such as NCURA, SRA, AACI, NCMA, COGR, or FDP. CRA certification is a plus.
Additional Information:
This is an informational posting for future openings in Research Administration at City of Hope. If interested, please submit an application to have a team member contact you.
City of Hope is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
