Business Analyst (Volunteer)

*Note: The following is an opportunity for flexible, part-time, volunteer work. Please DO NOT APPLY if you are only looking for paid employment.* This is a remote-from-home position.

Are you a person with strong business acumen and exceptional critical thinking that you employ to turn data insights into strategic action? Are you interested in learning the ins and outs of a nonprofit organization in a challenging and rewarding environment? Do you constantly ask questions about how to use analytics to improve the business? The nonprofit news organization WhoWhatWhy is looking for a business analyst to become part of a team in finding ways to accelerate and optimize our growth.

Check out WhoWhatWhy.org. Youâll quickly see that weâre a credible solution to the raging debate over whether the news is âœfakeâ or not,â with agenda-free research and publishing bracingly fresh analysis. Not left-wing, not right-wing, not consensus-seeking. We just want the truth â whatever it is.

We have thought long and hard about what limits journalismâs ability to effect positive change in the public interest, and we see two factors that dominate the landscape: (1) Commercial entities overly concerned with meeting financial goals and filling âœeyeballâ quotas â while not straying from the rest of the pack, thereby ensuring a sameness and superficiality to the coverage. (2) Ideologically driven outfits catering to a specific mindset and not daring to reveal things that would upset their readers â or force them to reconsider their values.

At WhoWhatWhy, we go at each story with an open mind, boundless curiosity, and a willingness to dig deep and ask hard questions â even when weâre told not to. Nothing is going to stand in our way when it comes to discovering what is going on beneath the surface, and why. Call it naive to believe such fearlessness possible, but we think itâs the essence of true journalism.

And because weâre straight to the point, we make clear that weâre looking for volunteers â skilled volunteers. Yes, weâre a nonprofit that wasnât funded by a zillionaire. Yes, we decline to accept corporate ads. Because of that, we look for volunteers â with the possibility, down the road, of compensation based on proven results.

However, we do have big ambitions, which is why weâre seeking an experienced Business Analyst who will research, present, and implement actionable insights to the business. This position requires a high level of leadership, analysis, relationship management, and multi-tasking. The analyst will also help to build out an analytics platform and to model critical aspects of the business like creating awareness, acquiring customers, engagement, and retention.

Responsibilities
Develop analytical frameworks and models to optimize performance and process efficiency.
Build and manage reports showing the health of key business metrics across platforms.
Manages end to end analytical projects â to conduct analysis, research customer and industry reports to recommend new strategies and then to lead the initiative and monitor its impact.
To build reports in Google Sheets and Microsoft Excel as well as using dashboard technologies to represent data visually.
Collaborate with the editorial staff to help drive media for growth, develop new strategies and communicate results, and provide marketing and editorial with data-driven insights around the types of stories and content that resonate with users
Assist the team with optimization projects related to subscriber engagement, email marketing, website conversion, subscriber retention
Manage projects for core functional areas by preparing and maintaining implementation plans, managing project issues, and ensuring project tasks are completed.
Qualifications
3-5 years of experience in Business Analysis
Proficient with analytical tools and languages supporting data analysis, reporting, and visualization - Excel, Microsoft Office, Google Collaborative Apps (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Tableau, R, Python.
Exceptional communicator across all levels of the organization; able to effectively tell stories with data and present findings to a non-technical audience.
Ability to work with minimum supervision and self-motivated to drive projects to the finish line
Strong organizational and project management experience, including problem-solving skills and the ability to multi-task, handling multiple projects simultaneously.
Have a solid grasp of â and commitment to â our mission and vision
Demonstrate a collaborative spirit and ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment
Three years of industry or non-profit experience (media experience preferred)
Perks
Channel your passion in a stimulating environment
Learn the nuts and bolts of nonprofit operations in an up-and-coming organization
Develop new skills and gain valuable experience that can enhance your professional trajectory
Do amazing work on a flexible, part-time basis
Have fun while you make a difference
Your work will be seen!
Expectations

You will work remotely and on your own schedule, and we ask for a minimum commitment of 6 months for 10-15 hours a week. (Though doing more is not discouraged!) Because our staff is spread throughout the world, we communicate mostly through Slack and email, and team members are requested to be highly responsive in a timely manner.

If you possess a high level of self-motivation, work well independently but also have strong collaboration skills and enjoy the opportunity to partner with like-minded individuals, and can commit quality time per week on a regular basis to help achieve team goals, weâd like to hear from you.

To Apply

We will not review applications that appear to be mass submissions. To apply, send your resume and a customized cover letter explaining why you're a good fit for this position. If there is no option to attach a cover letter, please send a cover letter to hr@whowhatwhy.org. You should confirm your understanding that this is, initially, a volunteer position. Thanks!

Powered by JazzHR
