Space Division Business Analyst
Location


El Segundo, CA

Job Code

6061

# of openings

1

Apply Now

THE COMPANY

At MCR, LLC, we are a premier provider of Technology Enhanced Program Management services. Since 1977, MCR has delivered planning, cost/schedule analysis, acquisition management and program assessment solutions to help government and commercial clients successfully lead their programs. MCR’s 400+ professionals provide critical thinking and integrated solutions to acquisition professionals, helping customers become more efficient and effective in running complex programs.

Space Division Business Analyst

As the Space Division Business Analyst reporting directly to the Vice President of Space responsible for coordinating, assisting and foster MCR’s charge in classified programs at Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC).

Descriptions of Duties
Coordinate MCR’s overall initiative in Space classified programs with the Vice President of Space and MCR’s Chief of Growth Operations
Assist in capture activities for space related programs specifically within classified programs supporting the Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC)
Meet with customer and potential customers to understand requirements, hot buttons and assist in developing solutions for requirements
Provide updated technical, managerial and contractual inputs
Assist in developing winning teams for upcoming requirements
Facilitate/participate in bid decisions
Assist in providing oversight and leadership of Space programs
Assist in providing oversight for programs including priority, planning, and managing technical performance to ensure quality, schedule, and cost objectives are attained
Oversee preparation and tracking of program budgets.
Assist with review and submission of Monthly Status Reports (MSRs)
Assist in the preparation of proposals
Represent the organization in relations with the customers
Development of new business opportunities and the expansion of existing business opportunities. Work with MCR management in developing business partnerships and alliances that enhance the capabilities of the Space division and facilitate new business opportunities.
Perform other duties as assigned or required.
Minimum Qualifications
10+ Years supporting the Space Community specifically with Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC)
10+ years supporting Space Superiority and classified programs at SMC
10+ years providing integrated program management support with experience with budget, financial and acquisition program management
Active Top Secret/SCI
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience required.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

MCR, LLC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age or any other characteristic protected by law.
