Description Business Analysis SAP -ERP Excel Mid-level Business Analyst My client, a West LA manufacturing based company is looking for a Mid-Level Business Analyst to join their IT team. The position will start off remote and it will be on-site position once the office is open. The Mid-level Business Analyst should have at least 3 years of experience as a Business Analysis and have some exposure to SAP or different ERP system. The day to day responsibilities for the Mid-level Business Analyst position includes identifying business requirements to help support the new SAP system, collaborating with engineers to assist with the migration, and writing reports on the progress of the migration phase to SAP. This is a great opportunity for a Mid-level Business Analyst to gain more experience with SAP and learn new technical skills on the job. If you are interested in this opportunity, please email Vice President - Division Director Jimmy Escobar at Jimmy.EscobarRHT.com or call at (310) 209-6838. httpswww.linkedin.cominjimmyescobar Requirements Business Analysis SAP ERP Excel Mid-level Business Analyst Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
