Are you passionate about work? Do you want to be associated with a company in which the work you do affects the healthcare of millions? Make your contribution and join us on this opportunity!

Q Analysts is one of the fastest growing IT Consulting Firms. We are currently seeking an enthusiastic and talented Business Analyst that we are delivering for one of our clients located in Pasadena, CA. Our client is a national non-profit Healthcare leader who is leading the way in technology, medical innovation, research and sustainability.

Description:
Advises and recommends areas of program planning, business management, budget execution and program coordination.
Prepares needs assessment.
Validates resource requirements and develops cost estimate models.
Conducts and coordinates financial, product, market, operational, and related research to support strategic and business planning within the various departments and programs of the client group.
Interprets, evaluates, and interrelates research data, and develops integrated business analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision-making.
Plans and coordinates the development of primary and secondary market research studies in support of strategic planning and specific marketing initiatives, as required, and presents findings of studies to client committees.
Provides consultative, technical, and staff support, as appropriate.
Responsibilities:
Experience Level: 10+ Years.
Knowledge of project management principles, practices, techniques, and tools.
Knowledge and appreciation of business concepts and requirements as applicable to a large academic, research, and/or health care facility.
Knowledge and understanding of business research principles, processes, and techniques. Ability to develop and prepare business analyses and plans. Ability to develop and deliver presentations.
Knowledge of the principles of strategic business decision-making.
Ability to process computer data and to format and generate reports.
Ability to create, compose, and edit written materials.
Consultative and advisory skills.
Skill in the use of survey and market research methodologies, systems, and techniques.
Skill in the use of computerized spreadsheet, relational database, and word processing software.
Required Skills:
Data Consultant that provides Clarity development and Production Support of Clarity Reports for the Revenue Cycle Department.
This position includes report development in Teradata, providing product support to Business partners including:- issue resolution, root cause analysis, ensuring reports process timely and accurately
Bachelor degree OR 4 years of relevant experience
10+ years providing support in a technical environment, prefer reporting support environment.
3 years' experience with Epic/Clarity
5+ years' experience with writing reports from relational databases
5+ years' experience with report development utilizing reporting tools
Preferred skills:
T-SQL, Teradata, MS Access, Visual Basic.)
Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio).
Must have experience with MS SQL Stack (SSMS, SSIS, SSAS).
Knowledge of Healthcare systems for Clinical Care, Practice Management.
Experience with developing web content.
Experience working in large corporations.
About Q Analysts:

Join Q Analysts and become part of a world-class organization. Since our founding 10 years ago, we've partnered with some of the world's best companies to deliver IT Professional Services that exceed expectations. Our specializations are in Business Intelligence, Big Data & Analytics and Quality Assurance & Testing solutions. We're not your typical consulting company. At Q Analysts we listen to your needs and help you select what's right for you - this includes the right career opportunities, a choice of comprehensive benefits packages as well as technical training. When you become a Q Analysts employee, you'll see the difference in the superior levels of support and service we deliver to you, our partners, through our Consultant Experience Program. Q Analysts is headquartered in Santa Clara, CA with operations in more than 20 states nationwide. The company has been recognized repeatedly for its industry-leading growth rate and service quality. Come join us!
