Who we are


At Virgin Orbit, we launch the small satellite revolution, accessing space for missions that were previously unimaginable and fostering new ideas and technologies to create a truly spacefaring civilization. We deliver Virgin’s legendary customer service by pairing technological advancements with a clear focus on our customers’ needs. We build a workplace and a workforce for the future, knowing that our decisions and investments of today will launch the industries of tomorrow. We engage a diverse and inclusive community of dreamers and achievers in a shared mission to access space to improve life on Earth. At Virgin Orbit, we boost imagination. Search all of our job openings on our career portal.

Position Summary

Virgin Orbit (VO) is seeking a new member for our team to serve as Senior Business Systems Analyst, Engineering. If you join us in this position, you will assist in enterprise engineering system specification, configuration, implementation and support. The ideal candidate enjoys solving complex problems across a wide range of technologies for the LauncherOne small satellite launch program. This role is for a hands-on person with great attention to detail and excellent people skills. This is a full-time position at our rocket factory in beautiful Long Beach, California.

Your Mission
Manage the Siemens Teamcenter PLM and NX application systems
Manage all engineering data integrations to/from the Teamcenter PLM system
Provide administrative and client support for engineering software applications NX, and Teamcenter
Work with stakeholders to define requirements for engineering systems
Administration for engineering application license services
Provide project management for PLM and engineering application deployments, upgrades, and customizations
Interface to IT team for all PLM server operations including backups, maintenance, and updates
Help Virgin Orbit do our part to make the world a better place
Constantly learn new things—and share them with your team members
Performs other duties as assigned
What you bring


If you want to join us, you’d better have all of these…
10+ years of relevant and related experience
Experience with engineering, manufacturing, supply chain in aerospace or similar industry
Experience with Teamcenter customization, workflow development, and data import and export supporting ERP/MRP systems preferred
Experience with CAD design software such as Siemens NX, CATIA, or SolidWorks strongly preferred
Strong work ethic and a self-starter
Eagerness to learn and explore options that support a world class space launch company
Must be a U.S. person as defined by the ITAR (22 CFR §120.15)
Ability and willingness to thrive in a fast-paced, rapidly changing work environment
Driven, highly motivated, and committed to improvement
Ability to add something unique and positive to our team
Generally high level of all-around awesomeness
… and you should probably have a bunch of these, too.
Must be able to work all shifts and available for overtime as well as weekends when needed
Physically able to handle items weighing up to 25lbs (unassisted)
Passion for space exploration and a firm belief in the utility of affordable access to space
Ability to thrive as a ‘one person team’
ITAR Requirements

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by ITAR (22 CFR §120.15) or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

Personal Requirements

Our idea of a happy life: build rockets, work with brilliant people, serve purposeful customers, and open access to space. Sir Richard Branson’s belief is “If you get the perfect mix of people working for your company, you have a far greater chance of success.” From the very start, we have placed top priority on growing and fostering a team of creative, diverse, and talented women and men. In the words of Sir Richard Branson “We believe it’s better to have a hole in your team than an asshole in your team!”

Search all of our job openings— www.VirginOrbit.com

Virgin Orbit is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with Virgin Orbit is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
