Communicate with the business users and/or functional teams to develop business requirements and analyze information needs, delivering the follow artifacts as needed: Functional Requirements, Business Requirements Documents, Use Cases, Wireframes, Test Cases, and Training Manuals.
Serve as the strategic interface between the users and the vendor and/or internal IT groups to resolve problems and fulfill requests for package applications supported by the team.
Develop test scenarios and either test or oversee testing prior to delivery to business users; coordinate with internal QA resource pool as needed.
Lead and perform functional testing, includes coordination of QA and UAT tasks.
Work with business users, PM and Senior Business Analysts to re-platform the existing legacy system and expand functionality, reporting and streamline performance in the new system.
Build reports to gauge company's performance by addressing over spending, under spending and identifying trends. Trend analysis helps in forecasting production costs and needs.
Build and maintain automated workflow to obtain approvals and wet signatures for various types of contracts, payments associated with contractual agreements and also cover outstanding commitments.
Participate in team strategic planning, supporting the initial analysis and assessment of proposed projects leading to the development of business cases.
Be proactive in identifying enhancements for existing applications, design user manuals and conduct training.
Must have knowledge of:
String understanding of Agile development methodologies
Strong service orientation and focus.
Attention to Detail is required.
Has a good verbal and written communication skill.
Working knowledge of continuous process improvement methodologies and customer satisfaction measurement practices.
Has good to above average problem solving skills and able to implement solutions for moderate to difficult problems.
Basic understanding or exposure to Content Creation Production workflows and industry knowledge either with TV or Features
Demonstrates the ability to be flexible and deal with change both internal and external to the organization. Proficient in Microsoft Office products
The Company is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law. To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result.
