Apply

Description

Arlon Graphics LLC is a cast vinyl manufacturing company in the business of creating innovative material for visual expression. Founded in 1958, Arlon Graphics manufactures and markets high-quality pressure-sensitive materials for the fleet, architectural, digital imaging, and signage markets. Through more than 180 distribution partners across the globe, a growing number of strategically-positioned sales offices and warehouses, and customer-centric operations, Arlon is recognized as a global leader in graphic films.

Summary/Objective
The Finance Business Analyst serves as a global subject matter expert associated with content, processes and procedures to implement and support ERP, Bolton Systems, Ecommerce Applications, PCI compliance applications, BI (Business Intelligence), Reporting Tools and other applications to support Finance. This is a global role to provide support to all company locations to simplify and optimize systems, process and procedures. The Business Analyst, Finance will focus on O2C Order to Cash - Sales Orders Entry, global taxes calculations and taxes exemptions. For P2P Procure to Pay Process the focus is (Purchasing/PO Accruals, Suppliers, Invoicing, Tax calculation, General Ledger AP/ AR, Collections, Bank files integration, GR/IR (Goods-Receipt/Invoice-Receipt), Cash Management, , Cost Management, Dunning Letters, Reconciliation, Lock Box, Bank Statements, Fixed Assets, Advanced Collections, Credit Cards Collection and others.
Extensive functional experience including two full life cycle SAP-ECC 6 implementation, Customization and production support/coordination.
Implementation experience includes business requirement analysis, mapping clients' business process to SAP processes (As Is-To Be), GAP analysis, Configuration, Re-engineering, Prototyping, Testing, Training, Documentation & Post Go-Live Support.
Well versed with ASAP methodology for structured and systematic SAP project implementation.
Strong computational and analytical problem solving skills
Proven ability to work in both independent and team environments.
Essential Functions
Manages SAP global roll-out such as planning and implementation.
Contribute to the development of IT finance strategies to align with the overall business strategy as well as corporate strategy.
Participate in process analysis and redesign to enhance system capabilities.
Efficiently solve problems.
Ability to map the As-Is of existing processes, procedures and system and define the future To-Be process, procedure or system configuration.
Consults with business unit managers and end users to identify and document business needs and objectives, current operational procedures, problems, input and output requirements, data scope, usage, formatting and security requirements.
Proactively assess and evaluate current business processes in order to guarantee efficiency and operational excellence proposing business process or systems enhancements. Is responsible to collect systems requirements and create a technical specification (business rules, database fields, screens, queries, reports) for improvement/enhance development.
Ability to understand business processes from a customer perspective.
Work self-directed and independently; may act as subject matter mentor to more junior members.
Works together with business experts for implementation project and delivers on time for each project phase.
Codes individual modules and complex functions.
Develops application tables and reports for projects.
Is responsible to create a test plan for new developments in order to find gaps and errors to be fixed before formal approval and validation by end users.
Prepares time and cost estimates for completing projects.
Is responsible for software integration and external interface development.
Participates in system upgrades and coordinates/updates system documentation.
Maintains the SAP business rules configuration. Review requests to add, change or delete functionality within a process, ensuring common and shared fit with business needs.
Investigates future system releases and enhancements.
Develops and configures cross-functional solutions and networks with other Oracle Business Analysts.
Monitors process adherence and consults with the process owner and user for issue resolution.
Supports and enhances SAP with a continued focus on process improvement to meet business case goals.
Develops, coordinates and implements plans to test processes and configuration assuring quality of any additions, changes or deletions to the system.
Support daily Finance Issues prioritizing critical issues. Provides timely response to end user calls and help tickets assisting in problem resolution (helpdesk-role). Ensure tickets are closed according to SLA pre-defined.
Maintains focus on security, standards and compliance policies while building optimal solutions.
Ability to step in and do project management, presentations of strategies and reporting of KPI/SLAs.
Create and maintain proper documentation
o Process
o Training
o Procedures
Train users on processes, procedures and systems.
Handle changes or emergency transports as needed for high priority issues.
Liaison between business and IT.
Position Type
Full time, Monday-Friday; occasional evening and weekend work may be required, as job duties demand. Consistent, reliable, on-site attendance expected. Remote work available during COVID-related site flexibility period.

Requirements

Skills and Experience
Must embody the Arlon core values of Teamwork, Excellence, Accountability, Integrity and Inspiration on a daily basis.
Minimum of 5 years of experience in a full cycle implementation as well as in support projects.
Minimum of 5 years designing and configuring Finance modules knowledge of the key integration points between the other SAP modules (O2C & P2P).
Ability to multitask and manage multiple deliverables and projects at the same time.
Experience in a Professional Services or Distribution company is an asset.
Understanding of accounting business processes.
Ability to work in a team environment, effectively interacting with others.
Must be results oriented.
Achieved the Go-Live date and gave Go-Live and Post Live Support. Conducted end user training, institution of help desk and end user documentation.
Coordinated with technical consultants (ABAP consultants) and gave functional specifications for customizing reports according to the user requirements.
Involved and coordinated unit and integration testing with other modules and created test scenarios.
the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

EEO Statement
Arlon is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable laws. PM18 LI-AR1
