We are:

Accenture Technology, the people who deliver the services and solutions that power our clients' businesses. We are technology rainmakers, movers and shakers. Every day, we imagine the impossible and enjoy the thrill of making it happen. We help clients tackle their biggest business problems and unlock growth potential in the cloud. We keep things moving fast with over?200 intelligent cloud tools other groups don't have. But we're not stopping there. Since the cloud keeps evolving,?our team does?too.?Which is why we give every cloud member the chance to learn from more than 4,000 certifications to?keep on?growing and keep on powering intelligent cloud solutions.?Visit us here to find out more about?Accenture Cloud Services.

You are:

A team player with an entrepreneurial mind. You step up and volunteer to take on challenges to solve technical problems. You're okay starting out with initial theories, but you always drill in quick to test which ideas stand up to the challenges of the real world. You look closely at the way things work and often see a better approach to how it could be done. People depend on your professionalism to see a project through to completion. Emerging technologies and next-generation IT excite you -- and you're ready to put that passion to work across many different types of client projects.

The work:
Kick-start your career in our training program to learn the latest cloud infrastructure skills
Work closely with clients to come up with a cloud strategy that meets their business needs and help them put a new cloud-based infrastructure into place
Launch into action with a detailed plan to move a client's infrastructure into the cloud quickly - using migration assessments, automated tools and cloud application strategy
Answer any client questions as they radically improve the management of data centers, networks and workplace services within a cloud infrastructure
Build strong, working relationships with technology partners and platforms such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Office 365, Google, Cisco and ServiceNow
