Job Purpose:

Casting Networks is seeking an inquisitive individual with an inherent affinity for data of all sorts. Like numbers and puzzles? The Business Intelligence Analyst will transform market and business trends into meaningful, actionable insights driving business growth and efficiency. A bright, highly solutions-oriented and hands-on technologist consumed by the notion that information can transform business results.

In this role you will conduct analytical studies to provide results and recommendations to Leadership for department and enterprise-wide strategic initiatives. A successful candidate in this space will have the ability to effectively problem solve, move quickly, think critically and have a background in statistics, analytics or business intelligence application. The work will focus on delivering insights and analysis to drive decision making for cross-departmental units such as Finance, Marketing and Product.

Casting Networks may look like a typical SaaS company, but under the surface we're a micro-economy that runs on data. Were still in our early stages of data vaulting and insights mining so this opportunity is ideal for a real self-starter wanting to have impact from the start! From finance, to marketing, to product, every department at Casting Networks will rely on data to make business decisions. As a business intelligence analyst at Casting Networks you'll work with teams across the organization to understand data needs, develop robust business intelligence data sources, build reports and visualizations to answer key business questions, and contribute to our strategy for data collection.

As a key member of our decision-making process, youll be solving problems and enabling our organization through data visualization, to figure out tomorrows puzzle. As we evolve, so will your responsibility. Youll never answer the same question twice. You will dig into the data, driving insight that will directly help us win our market. In addition, you'll work closely with our data pipeline team to ensure that our data sources are complete, consistent, and reliable.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis relating to operational functions, workflow, processes, and other business-related issues. Obtain quantitative and qualitative data of business processes to analyze, determine and promote data driven decisions
Analyze and evaluate competitor data and industry trends to understand current business unit competitive posture
Design and document dashboards, reports, and thresholds to alert business units to monitor business status and fluctuations
Collect and analyze data; synthesize results of analyses, develop and make recommendations and alternatives based on the full spectrum of internal/external considerations
Use data warehousing/business intelligence toolsets to gather, store, and provide access to data in assist management decision making
Collaborate with business units and Senior Leadership to conduct needs assessment to support organization strategies, tactics, and learning solutions that support business unit objectives
Prepare data analysis and forecasts and help automate data collection
Automate digital data collection and analysis
Liaise between the data warehouse team, marketing and executives
Create business requirements and related BI documentation
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree with 3 to 5 years entertainment/tech industry experience or equivalent experience
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Python, Numpy, R, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable
Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, GGplot, MS PowerBI, etc .
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQLExperience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Extensive experience in the application of statistical methods, mathematical techniques, forecasting, cost-benefit analysis and related analytical tools
Skill interpreting, extrapolating and interpolating data for statistical research and modeling
Skill analyzing statistics and reports to determine business performance and trends
Advanced verbal and written communication skills; ability to explain complex data and methodologies to varied audience
Advanced database and presentation software skills
Advanced Excel skills
