Who We Are:

Our singular mission is to help people feel better naturally. We believe that when people feel better, they're freer to do what moves them. We're committed to continuous innovation and surround ourselves with specialists, thought leaders, and experts - inside and outside of the office.

We're dedicated to leading the tech wellness industry, and that starts with our employees. If you thrive in creative environments, are concerned with big, innovative ideas, love to collaborate, have an entrepreneurial spirit, and are driven to succeed, get in touch with us. Together we can push the limits of what can be achieved for everybody.

Who We're Looking For:

Therabody is seeking an experienced Senior Business Systems Analyst to join our rapidly growing organization. You will be responsible for working with various departments to identify business application requirements and business needs, evaluate solutions and use project-management methodologies to design, implement, document, test and support the application systems.

Responsibilities:
Determine the needs by studying the business, gathering information/requirements and evaluating the use cases to find the best-fit solutions
Lead and/or assist business and technical teams to design technical solutions, and develop and/or modify processes to resolve moderate to complex business issues
Stay well-informed with current technical knowledge and continuously making recommendations for future system upgrades
Collaborate across multiple departments to evaluate and define fixes and development
Manage and support data integration, data quality & integrity, error logs, and updates
Develop and maintain all Systems training materials and user documentation
Monitor project progress by tracking activity, problem points, and compliance, while publishing progress reports to all Business Owners
Build and manage reports and dashboards where needed
Respond to all organization-wide requests on an ad-hoc basis in a timely manner, with the involvement of management
The Right Person Would Have:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field
5+ years of experience in business systems applications like E-Commerce Platform, ERP, Order Management System or CRM System.
Experience with Netsuite, SalesForce.com, or any eCommerce system is a plus.
Able to gather business needs and make technical recommendations while also being able to communicate business needs to technical teams
Deep understanding of cloud platforms and data management
Excellent documentation and communication skills
Ability to effectively prioritize and manage recurring or ongoing tasks and one-off projects.
Self-sufficient, forward and critical thinking, self-starting problem solver, and work with little direct supervision
Benefits:
We offer medical, dental and vision plans
All you can eat snacks and beverages
Open work space
Fun, collaborative environment!
