Meet REVOLVE:

REVOLVE is the next-generation fashion retailer for Millennial and Generation Z consumers. As a trusted, premium lifestyle brand, and a go-to online source for discovery and inspiration, we deliver an engaging customer experience from a vast yet curated offering totaling over 45,000 apparel, footwear, accessories and beauty styles. Our dynamic platform connects a deeply engaged community of millions of consumers, thousands of global fashion influencers, and more than 500 emerging, established and owned brands. Through 16 years of continued investment in technology, data analytics, and innovative marketing and merchandising strategies, we have built a powerful platform and brand that we believe is connecting with the next generation of consumers and is redefining fashion retail for the 21st century. For more information please visit www.revolve.com.

At REVOLVE the most successful team members have a thirst and the creativity to make this the top e-commerce brand in the world. With a team of 1000+ based out of Cerritos, California we are a dynamic bunch that are motivated by getting the company to the next level. Its our goal to hire high-energy, diverse, bright, creative, and flexible individuals who thrive in a fast-paced work environment. In return, we promise to keep REVOLVE a company where inspired people will always thrive.

Some of the sweetest perks we offer arent in a typical benefit package like hefty discount on items we carry as in 50% or more off retail prices, free weekly lunches, and pretty rad company parties.

To take a behind the scenes look at the REVOLVE corporate lifestyle check out our Instagram @REVOLVEcareers or #lifeatrevolve.

Are you ready to set the standard for Premium and Luxury online shopping?

Main purpose of the position:

Synthesize current business intelligence or trend data to assess area of improvement, support recommendations for action, define and implement routine reports.

The Details:

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

· Consult with BIs internal client to develop analyses that lead to actionable insights that accelerate profitable growth using SQL, Google analytics, Google query, Tableau and Excel

· Work closely with the assigned team, as well as, with the business intelligence team to solve problems with a holistic approach, owning the analytical portion

· Define and implement routine reports (weekly/monthly) of key performance metrics and action items and alerts

· Generate analysis and develop key insights from various data sources to come up with actionable recommendations

· Work closely with the business intelligence and tech team to define, automate and validate the extraction of new metrics from various data sources for use in future analysis and reports

· Designing and building reports, dashboards, and analyses in Excel, SQL, and Tableau

Required competencies:

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Outstanding analytical skills, with strong academic background in statistics, math, science or technology
Strong SQL background, ability to dive into the dataset and arrive at a conclusion
Advanced programming skills in at least one languages (java, vba, python, c+++)
Proven business acumen and results oriented
Ability to demonstrate logical thinking and problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail
Minimum Qualifications:
A BA/BS Degree is required
1+ years of experience in a strong analytical environment
SQL and Database
Excel Pivot Table, functions
Preferred Qualifications:
MS/MEng in a quantitative field or MBA preferred
Strong business acumen
2+ years of analytical experience preferred
Advanced SQL experience, query optimization preferred
Experience with Tableau, Google Analytics, Python preferred
Experience with Corporate Finance and Accounting is a plus
Experience with E-commerce marketing (Acquisition, Retention, Retargeting, SEO, Social Media, etc.) is a plus
A successful candidate works well in a dynamic environment with minimal supervision. At REVOLVE we all roll up our sleeves to pitch-in and do whatever it takes to get the job done. Each day is a little different, its what keeps us on our toes and excited to come to work every day.
