ABOUT THRIVE

Thrive Market was founded in 2014 with a mission to make healthy living easy and affordable for everyone. As an online, membership-based market, we deliver the highest quality healthy and sustainable products at member-only prices, while matching every paid membership with a free one for someone in need. Every day, we leverage innovative technology and member-first thinking to help our 800,000 members find better products, support better brands, and build a better world in the process.

THE ROLE

We love data. We love making decisions based on data. Wait, so do you? Then you'll definitely want to keep reading. Thrive Market’s Analytics team is looking for a Marketing Analyst who’ll research and identify ways to continue to effectively and efficiently drive customer acquisition and member retention. Our ideal team member is a self-starter, and loves the idea of deciphering data into decisions. The analyst should be able to distill and translate complex data into actionable insights at all levels. This is an opportunity to help revolutionize how Thrive Market leverages its data to make strategic business and marketing decisions to grow the business. If you are someone who loves empowering others with data and thrives on helping people find and understand the information they need at the moment they need it, then this is a great role for you.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Support the Marketing Acquisition, CRM, and Business Development teams by providing timely and accurate reporting & insights for the purpose of scalable, efficient growth
Partner with Data Engineering and Technology teams to gather, manipulate, analyze and document raw, complex data and share cohesive data stories that make sense to business and technical audiences
Develop dashboards, visualizations and granular reports to track marketing campaign ROI performance, member engagement KPIs, and for analysis of AB testing results
Serve as the data liaison for Marketing teams to translate business questions into data requirements
Continually design, test, and deploy new reports - all with the goal of providing a state-of-the-art reporting environment
Respond to ad-hoc reporting needs while ensuring data accuracy & integrity
Adapt and move quickly in a fast paced environment, with a pragmatic approach to analysis.
QUALIFICATION
3+ years of experience as a Marketing Analyst or similar role
Strong proficiency in SQL
Strong proficiency with business intelligence dashboarding tools like Tableau, Looker, Domo or similar
Proficiency with web analytics tools like Amplitude, Google Analytics, Mixpanel
Experience manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data
BS or MS in a Technical Degree or awesome experience that highlights your ability to geek out on reporting & analytics
Experience in ecommerce and/or subscription businesses, billing cycles, and payment instruments
Passion for turning data into insights and helping others unlock the power of their data
Good leadership skills with a positive attitude and a proactive / self-starter mindset
Be a team player with character, high humility and integrity, helping build a healthy team environment
Proven ability to clearly articulate data stories to business and technical audiences
Proficiency and solid foundation in statistics
Experience in at least one high level programming language like Python or R
Strong interest and/or experience in marketing and data science, ideally in digital media (including display, mobile, social and search)
Experience in requirement gathering and creating reports
BELONG TO A BETTER COMPANY
THE PERKS
Comprehensive health benefits (medical, dental, vision, life and disability)
Dog Friendly Office
On-site Yoga
401k plan
Equity
Stocked kitchen
Lunch provided 5 days per week
Free Thrive Market membership and discount on private label products

We're a community of more than 900,000 members who are united by a singular belief: It should be easy to find better products, support better brands, make better choices, and build a better world in the process.

Thrive Market is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBTQ employer

At Thrive Market, our goal is to be a diverse and inclusive work place that is representative, at all job levels, of the members we serve and the communities we operate in. We’re proud to be an inclusive company and an Equal Opportunity Employer and we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind. We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. If you’re thinking about joining our team, we expect that you would agree!

If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at (424) 291-9534 and we’ll be happy to assist you.© Thrive Market 2020 All rights reserved.
