Job ID
763104BR

Location

Glendale, California, United States

Business
The Walt Disney Studios

Date posted
Jul. 13, 2020
Job Summary:
The Walt Disney Company is world-class entertainment and technological leader. Walt’s passion was to continuously envision new ways to move audiences around the world—a passion that remains our touchstone in an enterprise that stretches from theme parks, resorts and a cruise line to sports, news, movies and a variety of other businesses. Uniting each endeavor is a commitment to creating and delivering unforgettable experiences — and we’re constantly looking for new ways to enhance these exciting experiences. Bring your individual talents here and discover for yourself why a career with Disney is the opportunity you’ve been looking for.

Position Summary:
Walt Disney Studios is looking for a self-starting Sr. Business Analyst to support, guide, design, and implement applications and services that support elements of Studio’s Content Protection workflows. Leveraging their prior experience and in partnership with Business as well as Technology and Legal stakeholders this BA will build a deep understanding of the portfolio of products supporting CIS business unit and will be leaned-upon to steer that product’s development. As a Subject Matter Expert (SME), the Sr. BA will be relied upon to contribute to their Product’s Roadmap, provide demos, highlight capabilities and suggest solutions. As a Product Owner in partnership with Management and Engineering the Sr. BA will be relied upon to adhere to that roadmap and guide the on-time and on-budget development of their products.

He or she will identify current and future business needs and determine how best to meet those needs. This includes, but is not limited to: working with business to elicit and document requirements, partnering with Engineering to turn those requirements into valued product, partnering with specialists to ascertain industry-leading workflows and solutions (alternatives) and staying abreast of current trends in the marketplace.
Responsibilities:
Liaise business requirements from stakeholders to all necessary parties
Act as the analyst for the development and maintenance of in-house software applications
Define, groom and accept user stories in Rally/Jira based on stakeholder requests
Provide business with data
Act as the primary point of contact for the development and maintenance of 3rd party vendor software
Define requirements, maintain the backlog, approve functional releases based on UAT performed in staging environments and manage relationships with vendors
In close partnership with their Manager and business stakeholders, develop the product vision and product roadmap
Define and measure KPIs that support project business case(s) and recurring spend
Communicate all successes, opportunities and risks in formal communications
Basic Qualifications:
To be successful in this role, an ideal candidate will have experience managing a diverse portfolio of applications that are heterogeneous in nature, for example: 3rd party vendor apps, in-house apps, workflow management software, reporting platforms, and proof of concepts as well as mature applications. Strong written and verbal skills plus the ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences at all experience levels is essential. The ability to present complex processes and abstract ideas in meaningful visual representations is important in this position. Strong project management skills, resource and timeline management, risk assessment, and the ability to work with external contractors and consultants is core to performing well this role.
4+ years of experience performing business analysis within a large enterprise covering both business and information technology domains
4+ years of Product Management experience
4+ years of experience using Agile SCRUM methodology
Business Model development and Forecasting abilities
A BA/BS degree required, MBA a Plus
SQL programming skills required
Expert user of Microsoft Office (Work, Excel, and PowerPoint) as well as Visio in order to prepare all documents, presentations, tables, and worksheets
Extensive knowledge of Jira, Rally and Confluence a must
Strong written & verbal communication skills
Strong problem-solving skills
Knowledge of Film production and associated processes (Studio and/or on-set) preferred
Certified Agile Product Owner a plus
Required Education
A BA/BS degree required, MBA a Plus
About The Walt Disney Studios:


For over 90 years, The Walt Disney Studios has been the foundation on which The Walt Disney Company was built. Today the Studio brings quality movies, music and stage plays to consumers throughout the world. Feature films are released under the following banners: Disney, including Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios, Disneynature, Marvel Studios and Lucasfilm. The Disney Music Group encompasses the Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records labels, as well as Disney Music Publishing. The Disney Theatrical Group produces and licenses live events, including Disney on Broadway, Disney On Ice and Disney Live!. Ours is a culture of innovation, inspiration and collaboration that brings together visionary artists, gifted technologists and savvy business minds to conjure up magical entertainment experiences for a global audience.

About The Walt Disney Company:


The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.
This position is with Walt Disney Pictures, which is part of a business segment we call The Walt Disney Studios.

Walt Disney Pictures is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.
