Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Under the direction of the Program/Project Manager (PM), the Analyst will assist the PM in coordinating the activities of a project to ensure cost, schedule, document control and quality standards are met. Analyst support includes a wide variety of functions supporting business, financials, projects, and developing solutions to align with business objectives; building strong rapport with a wide range of customers, demonstrating experience in gathering data and business requirements, prioritizing them with business users and coordinating with technical teams. Support is expected through exercising a high degree of initiative and independent judgement in accomplishing the assigned duties.
Provide program/project management support, financial analysis and assist in budget control for technical and non-technical service contracts.
Provide support for strategic planning, cost analysis, and problem resolution Assist PM with development of project PMP and project schedules.
Distribute all short interval and overall project schedules. Ensure project stakeholders and project team members have the most up to date scopes of work. Assist PM in the development of the overall project schedule.
Coordinate the review of drawings and specifications for the project and identify long lead times and critical path items.
Develop and maintain a project submittal log Manage the submittal log to ensure all submittals are processed promptly Prepare project-meeting agendas and associated attachments as directed.
Attend weekly project meetings as requested and keep detailed meeting minutes for publishing to the project team.
Draft, submit, and track all RFI's and distribute to all team members as appropriate.
Review project logs (RFI's, Submittals, PCO's) with PM on a weekly basis.
Pursue and monitor submittals and track deliveries of materials. Verify all submittal conformity to plans & specifications.
Collect daily QC reports, weekly project QA reports and safety documentation. Review for completeness and include in project documentation. Inform PM of deficiencies.
Review drawings with PM. Set up coordination meetings for PM to chair.
Collect change requests for review by the PM.
Assist in the coordination and development of cost estimates.
Create simple and complex spreadsheets which include multiple tabs, pivot tables and advanced formulas.
3 to 5 years of relevant experience
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in Engineering or Management.
Ability to support high-volume, deadline-based environment
Strong data tracking and data filing skills
Proficient with Microsoft Office programs (Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook)
Exceptional communication and organizational skills
Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Los Angeles, CA
Required travel:
May require some travel
