About City of Hope
City of Hope, an innovative biomedical research, treatment and educational institution with over 6000 employees, is dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life-threatening diseases and guided by a compassionate, patient-centered philosophy.

Founded in 1913 and headquartered in Duarte, California, City of Hope is a remarkable non-profit institution, where compassion and advanced care go hand-in-hand with excellence in clinical and scientific research. City of Hope is a National Cancer Institute designated Comprehensive Cancer Center and a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, an alliance of the nations leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment.

Position Summary
Under direction the Research Operations Analyst (RO) supports daily research and finance operations within assigned portfolio. Assists with pre and post award activities including, but not limited to, proposal preparation, financial and progress reporting, and fund closeouts. Uses sound judgement and analytical thinking with a working knowledge of sponsor institutions (i.e. S2S proposal software, GAAP, ERP/PeopleSoft).

Key Responsibilities include:
Research Administration & Financial Management
Pre and Post award duties
Generate financial reports for all assigned principal investigators and chart strings.
Coordinate proposal development and submission in collaboration with PIs, Office of Sponsored Research, IRB, etc.
Develop, edit and advise on budgets, justifications, biosketches etc.
Maintain accurate allocation of personnel expenditures and effort on all chart strings within assigned portfolio.
Reconcile and coordinate monthly and quarterly effort certification of assigned portfolio processing corrective actions as necessary.
Approve and reconcile purchase orders to verify appropriateness of expense and availability of funds.
Reconcile chart string activity to ensure accurate expenditure procedures are in accordance with sponsor and COH guidelines.
Assist in annual departmental budget preparation/development by gathering, analyzing and reporting data as requested.
Support the project close out processes (clear encumbrances, close POs, closeout sub-awards, pay invoices, etc.)
Assist BM and PI with contract management, including contract workflow, new agreements and amendments.
Under direction of the BM, assist with the implementation of long-range financial plans, analyses, and initiatives.
Human Resources
Under the direction of BD/BM, coordinate personnel actions for department staff and/or faculty as requested including but not limited:
New hire onboarding (visa requests, AccessNet, login ID, Outlook, etc.)
NES onboarding (visa requests, AccessNet, login ID, Outlook, etc.)
Department Support
Assist in department business activities, including but not limited to: purchasing, facilities, travel, and reporting required by the institution.
Coordinate building and equipment safety and maintenance and other services.
Coordinate lab safety training, lab coat services, and other general lab support.
Other Duties
Perform other related duties as assigned or requested.
Qualifications
Basic education, experience and skills required for consideration:
Bachelors Degree (any discipline)
High School diploma or equivalent, and 6-8 years of experience in research administration may substitute for minimum education requirements
2-3 years related experience in business administration and administrative analysis (budgets, grant accounting, facility or personnel support).
Preferred education experience and skills:
Bachelors Degree in business, finance, business administration, research administration, science, or related field is preferred.
2+ years of experience in research administration is preferred.
NCURA; SRA
City of Hope is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
#LI-MA
