Kite is continuing to hire for all open roles. Our interview process may be conducted virtually and some roles will be asked to temporarily work from home. Over the coming weeks and months, we will be implementing a phased approach to bringing employees back to site to ensure the health and safety of our teams.

For Current Kite Pharma Employees and Contractors:


Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job

Job Description


Everyone at Kite is grounded by one common goal – curing cancer. Every single day, we seek to establish a direct line between that purpose and our day-to-day work. Join us in our mission!

Kite is seeking a highly motivated, experienced, and resourceful Data Analyst to support the Global Quality Organization operating out of our headquarters in Santa Monica, CA. Kite Quality is responsible for adhering to regulatory requirements while improving existing processes, reducing waste, and lowering costs to safely improve patient access to our life-saving therapies.

In this role you will collect, measure, visualize and interpret data across multiple functions that include Manufacturing, Quality, Supply Chain, and Process Development with the intent of turning data into information, information into insights and insights into informed business decisions.

Responsibilities (include but are not limited to):
Partner with decision makers across functional domains to clearly define business & technical problems and then collect/present the information required to address
Interpret data, analyze results and craft engaging narratives around insights derived through the data
Use SQL to develop ad hoc queries for data stored across multiple tables and databases
Uses data patterns & trends to identify root cause of operational gaps and inefficiencies then collaborate with other functional domains to develop solutions
Develop regular dashboards in data visualization tools such as Tableau and Spotfire and provide to business stakeholders to measure and better manage their respective areas
Filter and “clean” data within Kite’s enterprise data analytics platform and identify potential enhancements to source systems to improve quality of data collected
Coordinate business and IT stakeholders to define data requirements, ETL flows, development, and testing/validation in support of continued integration of enterprise data analytics platform to key operational source systems
Work with Quality leadership to prioritize information/reporting needs to support business objectives
Scheduling tool, daily, historical modeling
Skills/Qualifications:
2+ years of relevant experience and a BS or an MS
Strong knowledge of and experience with data visualization/reporting packages (Tableau, Power BI, Spotfire, etc.), databases (MS-SQL Server, Impala, etc.), and programming (XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, Minitab, etc.)
BS in Computer Science, Statistics/Biostatistics, or Mathematics or equivalent practical experience
Initiative to develop understanding of gene & cell therapy, its associated manufacturing process coupled with expanding technical knowledge of tools supporting data analytics
Technical knowledge regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques a plus
Experience working within an AWS environment a plus
Kite is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. The company is focused on chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T cell receptor (TCR) engineered cell therapies designed to empower the immune system's ability to recognize and kill tumors. Kite is based in Santa Monica, CA. For more information on Kite, please visit www.kitepharma.com. Sign up to follow @KitePharma on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kitepharma.

For jobs in the United States:


As an equal opportunity employer, Gilead Sciences Inc. is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact careers@gilead.com for assistance.

For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster.

NOTICE: EMPLOYEE POLYGRAPH PROTECTION ACT
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT

PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION

Our environment respects individual differences and recognizes each employee as an integral member of our company. Our workforce reflects these values and celebrates the individuals who make up our growing team.

Gilead provides a work environment free of harassment and prohibited conduct. We promote and support individual differences and diversity of thoughts and opinion.

For Current Kite Pharma Employees and Contractors:


Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job.
