A day in the life…

The Order Management team acts as the liaison between our Sales department and our distribution centers. The Order Management Analyst’s primary responsibility is troubleshooting any issues preventing our customers’ orders from being released to the distribution center for fulfillment. Examples of these issues include lack of available inventory, payment holds, and incorrect/missing order information. The Analyst plays an essential role in helping Sugarfina successfully deliver on the commitments we make to all of our customers.

Responsibilities
Manage a backlog of customer orders that are unable to be released to the distribution centers for fulfillment.
Follow procedures and policies for rectifying issues on each order in your backlog. Examples of these procedures include substituting new products for unavailable items, re-routing orders to alternate distribution centers, closing unavailable items off the order, and creating back orders.
Carefully consider requirements specific to certain customers when making decisions about how to troubleshoot their orders.
Prepare and distribute reports that give business stakeholders visibility to the progress being made towards resolution for each order on your backlog.
Review customer compliance guides to ensure special requirements are accurately captured on the customer’s record in our ERP system.
Work directly with your Customer Service peers to get direction and/or approval on your proposed resolutions for problem orders on your backlog.
Respond to ad-hoc requests for information from internal and external stakeholders.
Qualifications
High School degree required; College degree preferred.
1-2 years of experience in customer service, sales operations, analysis, project management, or another related field.
Computer proficiency, including the MS Office Suite.
Moderate Excel skills.
Professional written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated attention to detail.
Ability to think critically, solve problems, and seek out resources (and can provide examples of each).
Experience with ERP systems is a plus; experience with NetSuite is even better.
Experience with EDI is a plus.
Organizational skills and ability to multi-task a must


Physical Demands

Ability to remain in a stationary position constantly during your shift. This position will be working in a warehouse environment. Will be occasionally required to stoop, bend, kneel, crouch, crawl, climb or otherwise move self in a reasonable way position to perform the essential duty. Ability to safely exert up to 50 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 30 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects.

Work Environment

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. The general working hours are from 9:00 am to 6:00pm. Flexibility is a necessity as overtime may be required from time to time to meet the needs of the business that will require weekends, evenings, and holidays.
