Job Title:
Data Analyst
Requisition ID:
R001833
Job Description:
Job Title: Data Analyst/Tableau Developer

Reporting To: Sr Manager, People Analytics

Department: People Analytics

Location: Santa Monica, CA

Your Platform

Activision Blizzard plays a centralized role in the creation of epic entertainment by supporting our interactive gaming brands and studios with a diverse range of career opportunities across corporate functions such as Marketing, Communications, Legal, Human Resources, Finance and Supply Chain. Located in our global headquarters in Santa Monica, we encompass equal parts agility, creativity and rigor to enhance the employee and player experience. To learn more, check us out at www.activisionblizzard.com or on Twitter at @ATVI_AB.

Your Mission

As a Data Analyst you will create technical solutions to meet business needs by translating requirements and finding innovative resolutions to solve complex data questions. Developers work in a highly collaborative environment as part of the People Analytics team going through a strategizing and ideation stage prior to building new applications and solutions.

Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:
Design, build, and deploy BI solutions
Tableau developers create tools to store data effectively within the organization, known as online analytical processing, as well as maintaining data analytics platforms so that data can effectively be mined for information at a later date.
Tableau developers conduct unit tests and develop database queries to analyze the effects and troubleshoot any issues that arise. This is an ongoing part of the development process that occurs regularly throughout a project to pick up on any part of the application that isnt working correctly.
A key part of a Tableau developers role is evaluating and improving existing systems that are in place as well as collaborating with teams within the business to integrate these new systems to streamline workflow and company processes.
Tableau developers are responsible for creating reports based on completed projects. They also develop and update technical documentation for senior members of staff and colleagues within the IT department to serve as a reference guide.
Player Profile

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Data Science, MIS, information technology, or similar preferred
Experience analyzing Human Resource (HR)/People data
Strong background in latest versions of Tableau Desktop/Server (2018.x)
2+ years of experience within a Tableau Server environment; developing worksheets, dashboards, data extracts, scheduling, performance tuning and stories in Tableau
Demonstrated ability to translate business requirements into visual designs for interactive dashboards
Ability to oversee and deliver across multiple tasks and deadlines
Integrity, advanced professionalism and ability to maintain strict confidentiality of company and employee information
Extra Points:
Experience with Tableau Server administration
Experience with ETL solutions
Experience with SQL, Stored Procedures & writing complex queries
Experience working on Enterprise Data Warehouse environment
Our World

Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty速, World of Warcraft速, Overwatch速, Diablo速, Candy Crush and Bubble Witch. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!

Our ability to build immersive and innovate worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for Every World - weve got our employees covered!

The videogame industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.

Activision is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
