101 Commerce is building a global ecommerce platform that will power hundreds of private label brands across diverse product categories. In the next two years, 101 Commerce will acquire, invest in, and launch multiple brands that primarily utilize the incredible operating leverage of Amazon’s FBA (Fulfilled by Amazon) platform. What AWS is to software services, FBA is to ecommerce: you can outsource the hardest parts of ecommerce (traffic, conversion, fulfillment, free shipping, etc). This allows growing businesses to focus entirely on designing a great product, building a great brand and providing stellar customer service. Through innovation and consolidation, 101 Commerce is creating additional operating leverage with technology, supply-chain economies of scale and big data-driven marketing – normally a set of big challenges for niche, ecommerce brands.

What we are looking for:

101 Commerce is looking for an Operations Analyst to support 101’s domestic and international supply chains. As an Operations Analyst, you will support expansion of 101 Commerce’s fulfillment and shipping operations in the US and Europe as well as in future international markets that 101 Commerce enters. You will play a key role on the operations team by focusing on inventory management, forecasting, purchase order management and vendor management, and will be responsible for coordinating with suppliers and logistics partners to manage import activities, achieve service level expectations, and ensure inventory is produced and delivered on time.

You will:

Maintain daily/weekly reports and updates related to inventory, shipping and fulfillment
Ownership in the implementation of our end-to-end supply chain. This includes sourcing, inbound logistics, inventory planning, demand forecasting, and shipping to Amazon warehouses
Perform data analysis to identify opportunities to reduce cost/improve gross margin, drive efficiency and improve process
Update and utilize inventory dashboards to balance inventory investment with consumer demand while minimizing stockouts
Work closely with international and domestic fulfillment partners, freight providers, and internal teams to help build and maintain a scalable logistics operation
Work with Amazon and other sales platforms to troubleshoot and resolve issues related to inventory, shipping, and fulfillment
Perform ad hoc analyses as needed by the business

Requirements:

B.S. Degree in Supply Chain, Industrial Engineering, Business or related field
1-3 years of Supply Chain / Operations experience in a fast-paced environment
High level of proficiency with Excel
Relevant business knowledge, preferably in supply chain, logistics or warehousing where analysis was used for operational performance improvement
Familiarity with accounting and finance principles a plus
Can oversee granular details with the ability to look at the big picture
Strong communication skills and ability to collaborate with internal and external parties

Additionally required and valued at 101 Commerce:

Entrepreneurial, self-starter, ability to work with minimal oversight with great energy and positive attitude.
Experience working in an early start-up environment, and growing a business from an idea to a scale operation, including maintaining flexibility and open-mindedness.
Hands-on, roll-up-the-sleeves work ethic; able to perform at all levels.
Comfortable accepting accountability and finding solutions.
Outstanding communication and organizational skills; demonstrated ability to interact across a broad range of organizational levels and functions.
Ability to understand data and clearly articulate observations and make recommendations based on data.
Results focused with the ability to set clear goals and execute against them.

Compensation and Benefits:

We offer a competitive package of salary, bonus, benefits and stock options. We are an early stage startup but already generating meaningful revenue and profits. There is considerable potential upside both in terms of cash compensation and equity opportunity.

101 Commerce is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age or veteran status.
