DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryAdditional Information:This announcement may be used to fill one or more vacancies.Duties and responsibilities vary and may increase according to grade level.This public notice may be used to fill target grades (i.e. GS-05 and GS-07)Learn more about this agencyResponsibilities* Performs developmental assignments.* Performs recurring assignments.* Participates in special initiatives, studies, and projects.* Prepares written correspondence and other documentation.Travel RequiredOccasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.Supervisory statusNoPromotion Potential7* Job family (Series)0343 Management And Program Analysis* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* Please read this Public Notice in its entirety prior to submitting your application for consideration.* U.S. Citizenship is required* Males must be registered for Selective Service, see www.sss.gov* Total salary varies depending on location of position* PCS expenses if authorized will be paid IAW JTR and Air Force Regulations* Recruitment incentives may be authorized* Position may be subject to random drug testing* Employee may be required to work other than normal duty hours, to include evenings, weekends and/or holidays* Shift work and emergency overtime may be required* Employee must maintain current certifications* A security clearance may be required* Disclosure of Political AppointmentsQualificationsGENERAL EXPERIENCE:GS-05: Three years of general experience, one year of which was equivalent to the next lower grade (GS-04) or equivalent. General experience may have included knowledge of work assignments consisting of a series of specific and related tasks have been selected to orient the employee in the practical application of basic occupational principles, concepts, and techniques.SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:GS-07: At least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade (GS-05) or equivalent. Specialized experience which included employee knowledge of locating and selecting the most appropriate guidelines and procedures for application, and making minor deviation to adapt the guidelines to specific cases.ORTo view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link:https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0300/management-and-program-analysis-series-0343/RECRUITMENT KNOWLEDGES, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES (KSA):1. Knowledge of basic principles, concepts, and practices of Affirmative Employment Program and Special Emphasis Programs.2. Skill in applying basic principles, concepts, and practices of the occupation sufficient to perform entry-level assignments in Affirmative Employment Program and Special Emphasis Programs.3. Skill in communicating factual and procedural information clearly, orally and in writing.4. Ability to analyze problems to identify significant factors, gather pertinent data, and recognize solutions.5. Ability to plan and organize work, and consult effectively with co-workers.PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.EducationIF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: You MUST provide transcripts to support your educational claims. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
