Job Requirements:
Collect, review, analyze, prioritize, and manage system and user requirements from key stakeholders across disparate locations and time-zones.
Ensure that all demand enters the IT pipeline appropriately.
Create detailed proposals, business functional & data requirements, process flows, use cases, and test scenarios.
Obtain functional design specification approvals.
Work with the business & technical teams to clarify functional requirements.
Serve as a liaison to other teams in planning, coordination, development and deployment of multi-team enhancements or projects. Leverage SPE's IT organization, infrastructure and technology capabilities to help deliver maximum business value.
Ensure delivered projects and enhancements meet the requirements defined by the business customer. Create test scripts to test new enhancements and functionality, as needed.
Define training needs and make sure that they are met for new or existing functionality. Create user guides and training documentation, as appropriate.
Manage the UAT process by performing smoke testing, test case validation, and obtaining business approvals on UAT for scheduled deployments. Demonstrate functionality and coordinate UAT sessions with SMEs when appropriate.
Ensure that Sony's Global Information Security Policies and other company controls are observed and applied to all applications in the portfolio.
Respond quickly to vulnerability tests and internal and external audits.
Manage incidents on a daily basis and follow up on critical issues.
Establish and maintain clear escalation procedures so that problems and issues encountered are addressed in a timely manner. Facilitate the resolution of any issues which might arise.
Provide VIP support in conjunction with and on behalf of the Global Service (Help) Desk.
Seek opportunities to drive efficiency within the team including optimizing internal procedures, workflows and/or streamlining communication/hand offs between team members
Operate with trust, integrity and compassion for others
Have the courage to ask difficult questions, provide/receive constructive feedback in spirit of continuous improvement
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Experience:
Business Analyst: 5 years (Required)
Media and entertainment company: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Culver City, CA (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
