Associate Marketing Analyst

About MuteSix:

MuteSix, an iProspect company, is an award-winning, full funnel digital and creative agency providing intelligent ad solutions that grow disruptor brands into enterprise market leaders. We help our clients design for the future while evolving their existing businesses with our agency’s winning combination of expert media buying, creative and talent. We help deliver scalable marketing solutions for clients across a broad spectrum of industries, including retail, e-commerce, luxury, nonprofit, technology, sports, publishing, and financial services.

About you: You are a strategic thinker who leverages data to drive actionable insights on media performance, has an omnichannel perspective on developing marketing strategies to execute on business objectives, is interested in media measurement and understanding how media performance metrics influence the customer journey to purchase.

Responsibilities:
Successfully execute on individual contributions to support client delivery
Conduct data analyses to derive key findings and insights on media performance
Assist in building out insights decks by leveraging historical data
Effectively consult with brands around attribution and incrementality methodology
Help diagnose business needs, translate into questions that MuteSix will answer and architect ways to wrangle data from multiple sources using your expertise in Excel
Present data for validation to clients and internal teams
Requirements:
1-2 years of professional experience
B.A. or equivalent experience in Marketing, Statistics, or Business
Proficient in PowerPoint and Google Slides for some slide creation and editing
Proficient in Excel and Google Sheets including pivots, formulas and reporting as needed
Strong clear verbal and written communication and presentation skills is required
Excellent interpersonal skills and able to communicate with a wide range of clients
Ability to explain complex information in simple terms and deliver clear and concise client recommendations
Preferred:
Experience effectively managing a sales pipeline while actively participating in up-sells to deliver on sales quotas
An understanding direct to consumer business models and growth marketing strategies
Experience in customer analytics, including lifetime value analysis, customer propensity, acquisition & retention, forecasting, and customer segmentation
What we offer:
Scooter + dog friendly office, smart casual dress code, and standing desks.
Unlimited snacks, cold brew, and avocados.
Free onsite gym and awesome outdoor amenities including hammocks, grills, comfy seating, basketball court, food trucks and weekly farmer’s markets.
Weekly Lunch and Learns, and opportunities to learn from industry experts.
Health insurance coverage and a cell phone stipend.
401K matching program.
Flexible work schedule and remote working - Take care of your work AND yourself!
More about Mutesix:

Headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, we have a performance-obsessed team of 150+ employees. Recent accolades include MuteSix being named #15 on the Inc. 500 list of fastest growing companies, one of Inc. Magazine's Best Workplaces and earning an Addy Award for breakthrough creative.

MuteSix, an iProspect company, is proud to be part of the Dentsu Aegis Network, a group of agencies achieving great things in their own right, while also working brilliantly together.

MuteSix provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
