The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Business Analyst, Sales and Avails for the Enterprise Technology- IP Licensing & Dist Solutions department. This position delivers work products in the area of Sales/Avails within the IP Licensing solution sets, including consulting with system production support, project requirement gathering, business analysis, functional specification, some system configuration and testing. This position supports solutions in the COSMOS portfolio.

The Daily
Partners with Business Technology & Workplace Solutions to ensure appropriate levels of end user support.
Contributes to advancing the health of the COSMOS portfolio, including advising management regarding new capabilities available in the market helping to ensure alignment to WB’s strategic goals and initiatives.
Delivers support and enhancements within the IP Licensing applications by working directly with external resources and delivering their own work products.
Fulfills compliance activities such as reporting.
Participates in project delivery for the IP Licensing solutions.
The Essentials
Undergraduate degree required.
2+ years of experience in a technology role, contributing to the support of or design of complex applications across multiple business functions, with a focus on application development and maintenance.
2+ years of experience implementing/ supporting complex applications (preferably SAP).
2+ years of experience with Sales/Avails applications, preferably in the entertainment industry.
Strong knowledge and practical application of the software development life cycle (SDLC), with industry standard best practice methodologies.
General knowledge of SOX controls and processes.
Experience with presentations to business users and their management.
General understanding of enterprise level systems, preferably SAP (including HANA).
Avails processing and License sales business.
Contract Administration business process.
Data Management
Reporting Solutions
Strong customer service mindset.
Ability to actively listen and incorporate feedback to continuously improve.
Ability to work with third party service providers, preferably in a managed services environment with a very structured approach to delivery oversight and quality.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be service-oriented.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including possible overtime, when necessary.
Requisition #
177636BR

Area of Interest
Technology/Information Technology

Industry
Film Production and Distribution

Location
United States - California - Burbank

Position Type
Full Time

Business Unit
WB Technology

Business Unit Overview
WB Technology combines Warner Bros.’ industry-leading technologists and disciplines to ensure global alignment with business strategy and accelerated delivery of innovative technology solutions studio- and industry-wide. From pre-production through archiving, the WBT organization will provide critical business and technology intelligence and services to all Studio business units. WBT manages the Studio’s enterprise systems and solutions, emerging platforms, information security, consumer intelligence, content mastering and delivery, and more.

Company Overview
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
