If you are motivated to succeed and can see yourself in this role, please complete our application. We will follow up with you on the next steps in the interview process.

Our associates are a strategic advantage for us who are making a difference at Littelfuse. Join our team and make a difference every day!

About the Job:
Advocate for our business partners to ensure their requirements are satisfied and feedback is considered. Be their trusted, strategic partner.
Oversee and manage a small IT offshore development team.
Transform business needs into functional requirements and technical design documents including proposing various alternative solutions and proof of concepts (POC) to aid quick business decision making.
Ability to manage priorities, customer relationships, engagements, and future roadmaps and generate innovative solutions in a fast-paced environment.
Develop and communicates training and documentation for business users, and coordinates and/or holds sessions and other user-related activities as necessary.
Summarize technical designs and changes to a non-technical audience while providing
direction to the delivery team. Lead cross-functional linked teams through the
development project lifecycle.
Identifies gaps and recommends enhancements related to new or existing software, services, and workflows based on a broad view of the organization.
Deep knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies.
About You:


• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Business or related field.
6+ years of relevant work experience in project/program management and/or business analyst.
Demonstrated experience and success at leading cross-functional programs and proven ability to influence and lead without direct management authority.
Ability to communicate effectively across a multitude of platforms with remote team members, as well as stakeholders at multiple levels within the organization.
Experience Managing Lifecycle of change management programs for SAAS applications (i.e. SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, OneDrive, PIM, CPQ, HubSpot, Sitecore) including training, Enterprise-wide adoption, identification of success criteria, use cases, and KPI’s.
Strong interpersonal and organizational skills; ability to analyze complex business challenges respond independently, prioritize team deadlines, manage competing demands for scarce resources, and communicate across all levels of the organization.
Proven track record working within a global organization, including experience in strategic planning, roadmap creation, customer engagement, and change management.
Process-oriented and systematic approach to projects. Experienced with agile
methodology and systems (Jira, Confluence).
Experience in troubleshooting and documenting issues, gaps, and resolutions.
Excellent written communication skills with the ability to draft clear, concise specifications, documentation, and reports.
Good communication, analytical and presentation skills, problem-solving skills and learning attitude.
We Offer:

The possibility to work in this exciting and challenging industry.

To develop you professionally and to expand your knowledge through cross-functional collaboration and training experiences.

Our associates are a strategic advantage for us who are making a difference at Littelfuse. Join our team and make a difference every day
