Job Description

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) businesses build enduring client relationships through sound, thoughtful and objective advice. We help our clients by developing individualized plans for everything from retirement goals to business succession planning, to family legacy intentions. Services include comprehensive planning and advice, investment management, brokerage, private banking, estate planning strategies, trust, and both individual and institutional retirement.

Wells Fargo Bank N.A. seeks a WIM Invest Research Analyst 1 in Chicago, IL (multiple positions available)

Job Duties Include:
Use statistical methods, investment acumen, and programming skills to implement quantitative processes that improve client investment results.
Required Qualifications:
Masters Degree in Financial Mathematics or Financial Engineering or related field.
2 years experience with financial statement analysis including income statements and balance sheets.
Must have coursework, research, or experience with each of the following:
Analyzing large sets of fundamental investment data to determine the fair value of an asset.
Analyzing investment risk factors in R or Python.
Logistic regression in development of investment algorithms.
Developing applications and statistical functions in R or Python.
**Experience may be gained concurrently**

Please send resumes to recruiter_inbox@wellsfargo.com Job ID: 5548262

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
