Kraft Heinz, The Company

As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we are proud to spark joy around mealtimes with a global portfolio of more than 200 brands. Some are iconic master brands like Heinz, Kraft and Planters. Others are fast growing new sensations that defy status quo like DEVOUR and Primal Kitchen. No matter the brand, we are united under one vision To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World. Bringing this vision to life are our 36,000+ teammates around the world, making food people love.

Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership and commitment with Rise Against Hunger. And we also stand committed to sustainability, and the health of our planet and its people.

Every day, we are transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you’re passionate like us -- and ready to create the future, build on a storied legacy, and participate as a conscientious global citizen -- there’s one thing to do join us.

Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration

We’re not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. It all comes down to the way we empower our people to own their work. It’s true Our employees are our competitive advantage.

As part of the Kraft Heinz family you’re supported to grow and achieve. You’re recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance at every level. You’re given the opportunity to leave your mark and build legacies. But you won’t do it alone. This is where our values and teamwork thrives and collaborative spirit fuels every day.

Job Description
Role / Title

The Staff Business Intelligence Analyst will lead business intelligence engineers to work on the most impactful projects in the company. This person will play a key role in providing the end-to-end BI solutions to support Multiple business teams such as Sales, Finance and Logistics. This role will be a team lead role and will not have people management responsibilities. This role reports to the Head of Business Intelligence.

Key Responsibilities include:
Partner with internal stakeholders across multiple teams, gathering requirements and delivering complete solutions
Partner with Data Engineering and Software Development Engineers to prioritize and define data and BI development needs
Work with business partners in different teams to identify new BI capabilities and projects
Conduct deep dive investigations into operations execution and business problems, identify opportunities, and lead or support implementation (role varies by opportunity).
Analyze and visualize large scale data to present the findings and opportunities, and output solid analysis report with recommendations.
Will own projects end to end and be the point of contact for key internal contacts
Develop queries and visualizations for ad-hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting.
Coach and develop other team members.
Minimum Qualifications
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical fields.
6+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment
4+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis in CPG, tech or consulting companies.
Advanced experience in SQL
Advanced experience in developing Tableau dashboards
Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
Experience working with Azure and other cloud technologies (Data Factory, Data Bricks and Snowflakes etc.)
Experience in statistical modeling. Advanced knowledge of statics assumptions and can interpret statistical analysis into business language
Experience in partnering with business owners to understand requirements and develop supporting analysis to solve business problems.
Experience communicating the results of analysis with business and leadership teams to influence the strategy of business
Experience in migrating on-prem ETL jobs to cloud.
Experience in SAP eco-system (ECC, BW, HANA etc.)
Preferred Qualifications
7+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis in CPG, tech or consulting companies.
MBA or other Master’s degree preferred
Experience in statistical modeling. Advanced knowledge of statics assumptions and can interpret statistical analysis into business language
Experience in migrating on-prem ETL jobs to cloud.
Experience in SAP eco-system (ECC, BW, HANA etc.)
Location(s)
Chicago/Aon Center
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity
