Move, Build, Grow your career!

As the premier global asset management and disposition company, Ritchie Bros. helps thousands of people around the world buy and sell heavy equipment, trucks, and other assets every month. With our multiple onsite and online selling platforms and commitment to first-class customer service, Ritchie Bros. is trusted worldwide for making buying and selling easy, efficient, fair, and transparent. If you’re an innovator with an entrepreneurial spirit, we want you to join our growing team – employed in a wide variety of positions from sales to operations to corporate functions – as we transform the global used equipment market.

Join us on our journey and move forward with us, build your success, and grow your career.

We’re looking for an Equity Analyst in Downers Grove, Illinois.

The Opportunity:

The Equity Analyst aids the Equity Administration Manager in administering the global equity programs, including stock options and share units, as well as managing the annual Proxy/Info Circular preparation and reporting process.

In this role you’ll:
Generate system and ad hoc Shareworks reports to support stock administration, financial reporting and forecasting.
Maintain Shareworks data by utilizing data imports or by direct input to system, including demographic data and terminations/departures.
Clarify information from Payroll/HR to determine departure reasons applicable for multiple plans with different criteria for equity treatment upon termination/departure.
Assist with data collection and preparation for Section 16 filings and materials for the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
Assist with preparation of the proxy
Provide vacation coverage for department including answering basic participant queries regarding their equity holdings and use of Shareworks, collaborating with internal teams and Shareworks to provide seamless stock administration support.
Assist in streamlining processes and creating efficiencies that are scalable.
Actively support the RB Unreserved Commitment to Safety: to send everyone home, every day, the way they came to work, by taking personal responsibility for your safety and safety of your team, co-workers and customers. Actively support the RB Unreserved Commitment to Safety: to send everyone home, every day, the way they came to work, by taking personal responsibility for your safety and safety of your team, co-workers and customers.
Here’s what you bring:
BA/BS required, strong Microsoft Office skills.
2 to 5 years in equity industry with experience in stock administration.
What We Offer:

Our success is built on the drive and dedication of our people. As we grow around the globe, there will be many opportunities to advance your career – we’ve proven this throughout our 60 years in business. And, we'll take care of you along the way. Here’s how:
Base salary paid overtime
Comprehensive medical and dental benefits.
401(K) and an Employee Share Plan, both with company match.
Ongoing training, professional development and tuition reimbursement.
To get an idea of what our auctions are like, you can check out some auction videos on YouTube right here: http://bit.ly/KKL9Fz

Want to learn more about the company? Visit our Career site, LinkedIn or connect with us today through Facebook or Twitter.

Established in 1958, Ritchie Bros. (NYSE and TSX: RBA) is a global asset management and disposition company, offering customers end-to-end solutions for buying and selling used heavy equipment, trucks and other assets. Operating in a multitude of sectors, including construction, transportation, agriculture, energy, oil and gas, mining, and forestry, the company’s selling channels include: Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers,, the world’s largest industrial auctioneer offers live auction events with online bidding;IronPlanet, an online marketplace with featured weekly auctions and providing its exclusive IronClad Assurance® equipment condition certification;MarketPlacee, an online marketplace offering multiple price and timing options;Mascus,a leading European online equipment listing service; and Ritchie Bros. Private Treaty, offering privately negotiated sales. The company also offers sector-specific solutions including GovPlanet, TruckPlanet, Kruse Energy Auctioneers and Cat® auctions, plus equipment financing and leasing through Ritchie Bros. Financial Services.For more information about the unprecedented choice provided by Ritchie Bros., visit RitchieBros.com.

Ritchie Bros. is an equal opportunity employer and ensures nondiscrimination in all activities in accordance with all applicable laws. This position is open to all qualified applicants who are legally entitled to work in the country in which this job is located. Candidate selection is made by Talent Acquisition. Only electronic applications can be accepted. No agency calls please.
