The Business Analyst role is responsible for facilitating the successful delivery of eCommerce consulting engagements. Business Analysts work closely with client stakeholders and business users and cross-functional delivery teams over the lifecycle of a project to gather and document solution requirements; document solution design; model and configure eCommerce data structures and business processes; collect, manipulate and load product data, define test scripts and acceptance criteria, manage & communicate requirement, design and priority changes and facilitate and manage defect tracking and prioritization.

Responsibilities:
Conduct one-on-one or small group interview sessions to gather required use cases, functional and technical requirements in order to develop requirement documentation.
Provide analytical expertise in identifying, evaluating, and documenting eCommerce system requirements and procedures that are cost effective and meet business objectives and user needs.
Develop user requirements, functional specifications, technical specifications, data models, and process flow diagrams to communicate engagement scope to client and delivery team members.
Serve as an expert in the functional use of hybris, it’s various administrative cockpits and the b2b and b2c accelerators.
Accountable to complete assigned work within time specified and communicate status if task delivery dates are at risk.
Work with other project delivery team members towards the resolution of business or systems issues.
Configure and manage project team collaboration space (Confluence) and issue/task management system (Jira).
Understand hybris data structures, collect product catalog data from client business users, manipulate data for import into the Hybris PCM.
Provide system demonstrations and training to client business users.
Act as a bridge between the client, technical and creative teams by collecting initial design and UX requirements; providing creative team with example promotions, product info and images; facilitating internal, technical and client design reviews; and ensuring that delivered application remains true to the creative design.
Develop test plans, write manual/automated test scripts, and define acceptance criteria to ensure high-quality project deliverables.
Requirements:

2+ years experience in eCommerce business analysis or 3+ years experience in general IT business analysis
Ideally Hybris Certification or Project Experience in IBM Websphere or Oracle ATG
Bachelor’s degree in Business or Computer Science or related field.
How to Apply:


Send your resume and cover letter to careers@loopintegration.com.
Please include an overview of why this job sounds like a good fit for you.

You must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
