The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago has an immediate opening for a Research Analyst in the Community Development and Policy Studies (CDPS) division of the Economic Research Department. CDPS works to improve the socioeconomic prospects of low- and moderate-income people in part by working with community leaders to bring development and reinvestment opportunities to underserved communities. If you are looking for a career opportunity that allows you to address current community development issues, work alongside policy experts, and grow your skills in a diverse work environment, we encourage you to apply and learn more about this role.

Job Summary

Reporting to the Assistant Vice President of Community and Economic Development, you will perform and support research and analysis on public policy and community development issues at an intermediate level. You will prepare analysis to support department projects, compile statistical data and prepare forecasts and develop recommendations and presentations on topics studied. You will also contribute to project teams and apply broad knowledge of analytical concepts, practices and procedures to complete assignments and projects.

Responsibilities
Perform analysis and projections of financial,
economic or demographic data
Compile data, and prepare written reports, graphs and charts
Conduct market research, trend analysis and prepare forecasts
Use and design new analytical models, databases or applications
Develop a variety of written materials for different audiences
Identify opportunities for process improvements and propose solutions
Resolve basic to medium level of complexity automation or data problems
Perform other responsibilities as requested
Your Background

We encourage you to apply if you are interested in analyzing data to answer important policy questions and enjoy working in a stimulating and challenging environment.
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience as noted below; major in economics, business, finance, or public policy preferred; Master’s Degree preferred
Minimum of 2-3 years of experience
Experience with a statistical software program such as STATA or R


What we offer
Comprehensive benefits package include medical, dental, vision, prescription drug coverage, 401k savings plan, retirement plan, paid time off, transit benefit, onsite gym and subsidized cafeteria
A continuous learning environment with opportunities to gain new skills and grow your career
Requirements

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or FOMC information, which is limited to "Protected Individuals" as defined in the U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access required for this position and sponsorship for a work visa, and subsequently for permanent residence, if they sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility requirements.

In addition, all candidates must undergo applicable background checks and comply with all applicable information handling rules, and all non-U.S. citizens must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen and pursue a path to citizenship.

As a condition of employment, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago employees must comply with the Bank’s ethics rules, which generally prohibit employees, their spouses/domestic partners, and minor children from owning securities, such as stock, of banks or savings associations or their affiliates, such as bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies. If you or your spouse/domestic partner or minor child own such securities, and would not be willing or able to divest them if you accepted an offer of Bank employment, you should raise this issue with the recruiter for this posting, who can provide you contact information for our ethics official if necessary

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.
