Overview:

TheBusiness Systems and Data Analyst will be responsible for assisting the US commercial business groups with data analysis, requirements definition and systems configuration. They will collaborate with the Master Data Management team on business intelligence reporting support and development.

Team and Leadership Functions
Identify vulnerabilities for inconsistent, inefficient or incorrect storage, aggregation and transmission of data. Communicate related risks to business and IT leadership.
Support business systems owners in making logical and informed data decisions.
Build trust-based relationships with business and IT teams based on open communication and delivery of value-added solutions within established deadlines.
Seek and apply knowledge of CPG and beverage industry practices to design best in class solutions. Evaluate and quantify opportunities to leverage relevant 3rd party data streams for actionable intelligence and competitive advantage.
Investigate and educate stakeholders on advanced technologies and data modelling practices. Engineer related solutions with support from the corporate IT groups.
Technical Functions
Become the expert in Business Technology systems and underlying data architecture. Build a detailed understanding of data flow, interdependencies and areas of opportunity. Participate in design discussions with corporate Master data, IT applications, IT Operations and Business Intelligence groups.
Create and improve Reports and Dashboards with direct input from business stakeholders aligning with corporate IT standards and policies.
Perform ad hoc investigation and analysis in support of Business and IT leaders, arming them with key insights to make business critical decisions and initiate high ROI projects.
Thoroughly test systems changes prior to live deployment. Assist in the deployment process with timely communication and the development of training artifacts.
Administrative and Logistical functions
Configure and maintain business data for internal and 3rd party systems
Create detailed technical specifications and openly collaborate with all corporate IT technical groups in support of project initiatives
Act like an owner. Proactively identify and promote opportunities to gain competitive advantage, improve efficiency, eliminate waste, and remove gaps in communication and understanding.
Minimum Requirements (Education, Experience, Qualifications, Skills, Abilities)
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or related studies
4+ years’ experience in a similar role with demonstrated accomplishment
Ability to communicate systems complexity in simplified terms verbally, visually, and in writing
Strong proficiency in SQL with an understanding of data architecture best practices
Favorable consideration for CPG industry and commercial operations experience
Highly motivated, self-directed, can quickly understand new business and technical concepts
Demonstrated experience in report development and BI Platforms; Qlikview/QlikSense experience is desirable
Detail oriented and meticulous when necessary paired with the ability to understand broader business context and strategic importance
