Position Overview

As a Junior Finance and Accounting Analyst, the successful candidate will be responsible for assisting in all areas of the finance function for the Energy & Infrastructure business, including but not limited to the following functional areas.

Responsibilities
Valuation: work alongside other finance team members and analysts/portfolio managers for the ongoing valuation of portfolio assets.
Accounting: assist with the monthly financial statement close process investor allocation review, including waterfall and fee calculations
Portfolio Finance: assist with the review of future liquidity needs and daily margin processes.
Operations: work with the administrator on trade and cash reconciliations
Reporting: be responsible for the preparation of daily PnL reports for executives as well as assist in internal and external reporting requirements.
Work alongside IT professionals to develop and test new automated solutions for primary responsibilities, as needed.
Qualifications
Entry level position, recent college graduates or those with 1-2 years’ experience will be considered
No previous finance experience required; however a degree in business or related fields is preferred
GPA of 3.4 or higher
Proficiency in excel
High level of intelligence, internal drive, intellectual inquisitiveness and analytical ability
Optimistic attitude with willingness to contribute however and wherever possible or required. Seeks out an environment with the potential to rapidly assume additional challenges and responsibilities
Ability to work both independently and in multi-disciplinary teams toward specific objectives
Demonstrate ability to deal with high pressure situations, seek out solutions and work with others to resolve problems in a timely and effective manner
Exercise a high level of discretion, motivation and independent judgment
About Us

Magnetar Capital is a leading alternative asset manager with ~ $12.4 billion under management as of January 2020. We are conveniently headquartered in downtown Evanston, steps from public transportation and the lakefront. We operate substantial satellite offices in New York, London and Houston.

When you join Magnetar, you will work alongside individuals who are among the best in the business at what they do. We attract highly skilled, dedicated professionals who enjoy working across practices and executing innovative ideas.

Our culture is based on the core values of insight, integrity and passion. We have an intense level of intellectual curiosity, a profound passion for our work and care deeply about delivering results for the Firm and for each other. These qualities drive everything we do.

We seek to generate consistent performance across a variety of market conditions by identifying differentiated investment ideas that we believe can be developed into scalable businesses. We invest across three core pillars: Alternative Credit & Fixed Income, Energy & Infrastructure and Systematic Investing.

We know how important healthy choices are to our employees. We offer an onsite gym in our Evanston office (and subsidized memberships for other office locations), kitchens with healthy snacks, and health-conscious, catered lunches daily at no cost to our employees.

Magnetar employees are passionate about philanthropy and there are plenty of ways for employees to give back through the Magnetar Capital Foundation (a nonprofit focusing on increasing access to financial education programs in high-schools), organized volunteer efforts, and our company matching contributions program. Employees also receive one Community Day per year to volunteer at a cause of their choosing. To further enrich our work environment, we also organize extracurricular activities such as our running club and bowling teams as well as company-sponsored social events for employees and families.

We hope you’ll consider joining us as you explore careers at Magnetar!

For further information, visit our website.

Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
