Upwork ($UPWK) is the leading tech solution for companies looking to hire the best talent, maintain flexibility, and get more done. We're passionate about our mission to create economic opportunities so people have better lives. Every year, more than $2 billion of work is done through Upwork by skilled professionals who want the freedom of working anytime, anywhere. Top companies connecting with extraordinary talent around the globe? Upwork is how.

This is a great opportunity to join a growing business driving change in a HUGE traditional staffing industry. You will make an immediate and lasting impact on the company as well as the team's mission of making Upwork the world's safest and most trusted online workplace. As an Analyst/Senior Analyst in Trust and Safety, you will play a critical role working with a cross-functional team to keep our marketplace safe and build a platform for future growth.

Your Responsibilities:
Identify trends and distill insights from our massive data warehouse that contribute to delivering positive outcomes for clients and freelancers
Build dynamic and automated dashboards that surface insights and opportunities for improving our business
Uncover ways to measure, monitor, and ultimately improve quality on the platform
Provide clear and consistent recommendations, translating complex analyses into simple language, to the broader organization
Work closely with cross-functional teams including data science, product, and engineering to translate requirements into technical specifications
What it takes to catch our eye (must have):
5+ years of work experience in an analytics role
3+ years of experience with data visualization (Looker preferred)
Strong SQL, Excel/Sheets, communication and presentation skills
Ability to distill data into key insights and metrics that tell a story
True curiosity and a desire to fully dissect a challenge
Ability to work cross functionally with multiple stakeholders and manage responsibilities
A strong motivation to protect our customers and our company
How to really knock our socks off (nice to have):
Familiarity with scripting and scheduling jobs (Rundeck), building models in Looker (LookML), and organizing projects in Jira
Deep understanding of marketplace dynamics and two-sided platforms
Experience handling large scale structured/unstructured data
Demonstrated passion for marketplaces
Strong interest or previous experience in working with sales data
Come change how the world works.

At Upwork, you'll shape talent solutions for how the world works today. Whether you're working from our offices in San Francisco, Santa Clara, and Chicago or are part of our globally distributed team, we're working together to create exciting remote work opportunities for a global community of professionals. Our vibrant culture is built on a common mission and shared values. As we create economic opportunities so that people have better lives, our employees build amazing teams, put our community first and have a bias towards action. We encourage team Upwork to bring their whole selves to work through learning and development opportunities, mentorship, and employee resource groups. All that and amazing benefits too? We've got you covered (especially with our company favorite, Work Online Wednesdays). Check out our Life at Upwork page to learn more about the employee experience.

Upwork is proudly committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
