Services is seeking a Jr. Data Analyst for a global chemical and ingredients distributor and provider of value-added services in Downers Grove, IL (also Chicago option).

Job Title: Data Analyst
Location: Downers Grove OR 71st Street Chicago (remote after training due to COVID)
Job Type: Temp, potential Temp-To-Hire
Length: 6-Months
Est. Start Date: ASAP
Hours: 40 hours/week, 8 hours/day
Pay Rate: $22.95-25.00/hour on a W2

Job Description:

This individual will be organizing, comparing, analyzing data. They will receive a report from a 3rd party and then compare that report to internal reports to see where the data differs, understand why it differs, and communicate this to the manager. There are over 50,000 cells each report. This individual will also add data, upload, edit, and change data as he sees errors and inconsistencies.
Performs data collection, analysis, validation and reporting. Designs, tests, and documents processes, SQL queries, and stored procedures.

The ideal candidate will have a Degree and a minimum of 1-2 years of professional experience. This role requires an Excel Wizard (Advanced to Expert level) who is able to perform pivot tables, functions, formulas, v-lookups, pivot reporting, macros, micros. SQL is a plus but not required for this role. Strong analytical and organizational skills.

MUST appear onsite for the first duration of their training and then will discuss remote work once they get started due to COVID-19.

Important information: This position is recruited for by a remote Kelly office, not your local Kelly branch. If you are interested in this position, please email a word copy of your resume to MegP534@kellyservices.com

Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
