Tecture is an established web and app development firm that creates rich and sophisticated web applications for our clients, and we are looking for a Business Analyst. This is a key role in our organization that will drive our company's growth and make a significant impact on the success of our projects.

The ideal candidate will have prior experience in an Analyst role with a firm understanding of the software development process. A candidate must have strong communication skills and fluidly work with clients, management and technical staff.

What you’ll be doing:
Requirements gathering, including written and visual documentation diagrams
User experience and wireframe design
Database architecture, design, and SQL
Deliver and explain requirements to developers
Perform QA testing
Work with clients and development teams to successfully complete software development projects
Ongoing enhancements following launch
What we’re looking for:
B.S. or B.A. degree in computer science, related field, or relevant experience
Create and running SQL queries
Possesses a strong understanding of web-based applications, including web design, user interface and programmatic/engineering concepts, and databases.
Three years of experience in a web or software development environment
Understands complex relationships between technical software components
Ability to grasp technical detail and translate to non-technical clients and staff
Ability to adjust and set priorities to meet deadlines and budgets
Ability to work both independently as well as collaboratively
Strong written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skills
Experience estimating project costs
Self-motivated, and ability to work independently
Ability to juggle multiple projects/clients
Attention to detail
The ideal candidate for this position won't mind getting his or her hands a bit dirty from time to time. If this is up your alley, please apply with your resume and examples of projects that you have managed. We look forward to meeting you!

Full-time, on-site only.
NO RECRUITERS, NO H1B, NO F1, Sorry, we will not transfer or sponsor visas.
