Heidrick & Struggles is a premier provider of executive search, leadership assessment and development, organization and team effectiveness, and culture shaping services globally. In our more than 60 year history, we have conducted some of the most high-profile C-suite and board-level searches in the world.

Today, we are working with our clients across 29 countries to help them accelerate their performance and respond with agility to new opportunities and challenges in every industry. We continue to raise the bar in serving our clients as trusted leadership advisors, and we are also providing an expanded range of data-driven, tech-enabled tools and platforms across our executive search and consulting businesses.

Managing top talent isn't just our business. It's our passion, and we are committed to investing in and developing the careers of our own people.

We look for people with experience from a variety of industries and diverse educational backgrounds who are passionate about partnering with innovative and influential organizations and share our commitment to our purpose - to help our clients change the world, one leadership team at a time.

If you're ready to start or grow your career with us, learn more about our available opportunities at our website.

Job Description:

The Position

The Senior Business Analyst will help assess the needs of the business and look for opportunities to develop and grow the business through effective use of technology. The Senior Business Analyst will collect, analyze, review, document and communicate business needs and requirements. Based on the breadth and depth of understanding of business needs and processes, they collaborate with other teams to determine if solutions currently exist (internally or externally) or whether new solutions are needed.

This person works with Users, Architects, Developers, QA Analysts and others in the IT organization throughout the life cycle to deliver quality, standards-compliant software specifications and design. This position reports to the Senior IT Manager - Business Analysis and Quality Assurance. This position represents a unique opportunity for a successful candidate to join a team integrating and building new systems that are the foundation to the long-term strategy of the business.

Specific Responsibilities
Serve as knowledgeable resource to stakeholders and IT regarding product capabilities, business processes, change impacts and integration with other systems.
Understand and capture current and future-state business processes, provide gap analysis, and propose value-added improvements.
Prepare detailed project artifacts, including: business scope and requirements, user stories/user scenarios, UI/UX/screen designs, process maps, screen flow diagrams, business rules, business data models, user security needs, test plans, and project plans.
Use a variety of techniques for capturing requirements including interviews, backlog grooming sessions, and use case and development
Manage project backlogs, issues, risks, dependencies, scope, communications, and status.
Coordinate and manage UAT with the business
Responsible for proactively identifying technology opportunities that impact business strategies and performance
Help with testing as needed.
Train users.
The Person

Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree required, preferably in Business Administration, Management Information System, Computer Science, Communications, or related discipline
7-10 years of experience working with large, complex, or enterprise IT projects
Demonstrated experience in promoting usability
User Interface and report design
Experience with wireframing tools (i.e. InVision, Balsamiq, Visio, etc.)
Experience with web applications (in-house or outsourced custom developed applications, software packages, or SaaS applications)
Well-versed in Agile methodology
Experience facilitating, modelling, and analyzing business capabilities and requirements
Experience with quality assurance methods and automated testing tools
Knowledge of IT industry trends and technologies
Capable of working both on-site and virtually
Hands-on fluency in Microsoft Office Suite including, PowerPoint, Excel, Word
Desired Skills:
Salesforce.com administrator certification
Experience with Salesforce.com platform (i.e. Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Heroku, Apex, data loads, Lightning, AppExchange products)
Consulting experience
Experience training users
Familiarity with IT SOX compliance
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Combines business acumen with creativity
Adapts terminology according to the audience
Prioritizes effectively
Takes independent action beyond the initial directive
Excellent attention to detail
Accommodates last minute changes and requests
Maintains attention to detail across multiple tasks
Heidrick & Struggles is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, or citizenship status.
