About Codal

Codal is a user experience design and development agency with a focus on blending an Agile process with the latest technologies. Our clientele has ranged from small business to the Fortune 100, but our philosophy has always remained the same: to empower brand visibility and deliver the most elegant web and mobile solutions possible.

Roles & Responsibilities

Codal is searching for a highly experienced IT business analyst, a strategist with the right combination of technical knowledge and business acumen to provide our clientele with robust, informed solutions. Our ideal candidate will not only conduct rigorous analysis of a business' processes, objectives, and needs, but also translate these goals into functional requirements through comprehensive documentation. They will serve as a liaison between designers, developers, and the client, and recommend decisions based on the insights gained from intensive research.

Candidates must possess a mastery of organization, planning, and project management. You are responsible for ensuring all of our clients business and technical needs are fully realized during our multi-faceted design and development process. Other responsibilities include:
Conducting analysis of business and user needs, documentation of requirements, and translation into functional system requirements.
Performing market, data, technical, and technology option analysis and recommendations.
Creating relevant documentation, including but not limited to, user stories/use cases, wireframes, screen mockups, process flow documents, and data flow diagrams.
Interfacing with stakeholders to ensure the functional and user design of the systems before and during development.
Developing, defining & building technology business cases that advance a companys goals and digital presence
Evaluating research and recommending technology solutions/processes to improve business decision-making, with a focus on the firms core systems, technology strategies and standards.
Coordinating with Application Development team members, vendors and Project Managers, as appropriate, to review the proposed solution and design to ensure that the requirements are met.
Working with the QA group to review test plans and ensure requirements are covered.
Evaluating solutions to ensure they have high scores on usability and user experience design.
Requirements / Must Haves
Bachelors Degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field
3+ years of verifiable experience in business analysis/requirements management for a product or system
Proficiency in mapping business processes to user and functional needs
Familiarity with software development lifecycle
Working knowledge of business processes, system development, process improvements and change management.
Excellent written / verbal communication skills
Ability to operate in dynamic, fast-paced environment
Why Work For Codal

As a Codal employee, you're a member of a dedicated & driven organization, composed of industry visionaries and auteurs. We take the utmost pride in our work and are truly passionate about the services we provide. As a world-class agency, we offer all of the benefits of an enterprise company, in a friendlier, tight-knit office community.

Powered by JazzHR
