General Statement

Under direction, serves as project team member for information technology projects related to business systems and functions. Serves as liaison between business and technical aspects of projects. Prepares project status reports for management.

Essential Job Functions

Essential job functions are fundamental, core functions common to positions in a classification. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties for any one position in the class. Since class specifications are designed to be descriptive and not restrictive, incumbents may complete one or all of the job duties listed or tasks of similar kind not specifically listed here.
Serves as project team member in the analysis, development and delivery of information technology projects on an agency-wide basis. May serve as project lead for smaller projects.
Prepares project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information.
Confers with clients regarding the nature of the information processing or computation needs a computer program is to address; gathers and organizes information on problems or procedures; analyzes data gathered and recommends solutions or alternative methods of proceeding.
Interviews personnel and conducts on-site observation to ascertain unit functions, work performed, and methods, equipment, and personnel used; documents findings of study and prepares recommendations for implementation of new systems, procedures, or organizational changes.
Confers with project personnel to identify and resolve problems.
Documents and revises system design procedures, test procedures, and quality standards.
Confers with team members and clients to ensure successful functioning of newly implemented systems or procedures.
Prepares manuals and trains workers in use of new forms, reports, procedures or equipment.

Other Job Functions

Performs other duties as assigned.

Environmental Conditions

Work is performed in a typical office environment and requires the use of standard office equipment including computers.

Desirable Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Knowledge of business and management principles involved in resource allocation, production methods, and coordination of people and resources.
Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer services, including customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
Skill in determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations and the environment will affect outcomes.
Skill in encouraging and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.
Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
Ability to listen actively, providing full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.
Ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing.

Minimum Qualification Requirements

Graduation from a four-year accredited college or university majoring in information technology, business or public administration or closely related fields and two years of professional level experience in project management.

Substitution

Graduate study in the designated fields may be substituted for experience on a year-for-year basis.

Promotional Requirement

Possession of a bachelor’s or master’s degree in information technology, business or public administration or a closely related field and one year of service with the District as an IT Support Analyst II or Systems Support Specialist II.
Civil service status in one of the foregoing classifications.
