CF Industries is a global leader in transforming natural gas into nitrogen. The chemical processes we use ensure we have the nitrogen we need to support life on earth - from fertilizer that feeds the crops that feed the world to products that remove harmful emissions from industrial activities. Through our nine world-class manufacturing complexes and best-in-class distribution system, we serve agricultural and industrial customers. We invite you to be a part of our nearly 3,000 employees making a difference every day.

Department:

AG0500 Information Technology, Exempt

Function:

Information Technology

Job Summary:

The Business System Analyst will review, analyze and evaluate business systems and user needs. The incumbent performs functional analysis, requirements definition, SAP modules and other systems configuration and testing. The role will document requirements, define scopes and objectives, along with formulating systems to parallel overall business strategies.

Job Description:

Job Responsibilities:
Communicates and collaborates with external/internal customers and stakeholders to analyze information and business needs to deliver functional and technical requirements to applications development teams along with business solutions to the company
Identifies business process best practices and suggests process improvements
Responsible for conducting prototypes, developing functional specifications, data mapping, function mapping, setting of configuration tables and setting of transaction/ control tables
Leads evaluation and implementation of process improvements including needs analysis, scope definition and test plan development and execution
Elicits requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, data and workflow analysis
Assists in security/ authorization set-up, user documentation, data interface design, data migration and reconciliation
Ensures that all deliverables are completed in accordance with Project Management direction; clearly and frequently communicate the status
Evaluates information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs
Investigates processes and identify root cause problems
Collaborates with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs
Acts as the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams
Internal Controls:

Understands and complies with established departmental processes and procedures designed to support internal controls efforts. Identifies and brings to the attention of department management internal controls deficiencies.

Successful incumbents will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or another related field
Related experience with applications development experience preferred.
Ability to work effectively with all levels of management in a deadline-oriented environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills with organization and time management skills
Ability to learn, demonstrate and apply knowledge of the business over to solutions and processes
Position Scope/Contribution:

This position is responsible for identifying IT solutions for the specified area of business responsibility. The incumbent must evaluate and determine needs appropriately and within scope. Some travel may be required.

Sr. BSA will analyze complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements.
Configures system settings and options; plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing; and creates specifications for systems to meet business requirements.
Designs details of automated systems.
May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems.
Acts as a mentor to less experienced Business Systems Analysts and monitors them in software development methods, process, and implementation.
Role typically requires between 8 and 12 years of experience.
CF Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
Employees in the US can learn more about their rights by viewing the federal "EEO is the Law" poster (PDF) and others as detailed below:
Pay Transparency

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html.

FMLA:

https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf

Employee Polygraph Protection Act

https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf
Employees in Canada can learn more about their rights by viewing the Canadian Human Rights Act.
If you need any assistance seeking a job opportunity at CF Industries, or if you need reasonable accommodation with the application process, please call 847-405-2400 or contact us at cfhire@cfindustries.com.

JOIN OUR TALENT NETWORK
