Oak Brook, IL
Posted 2 weeks ago

The Business Analyst is responsible for helping implement technology solutions in a cost-effective
way by determining the requirements of a project or program, and communicating them clearly to all
stakeholders, facilitators and partners.
Duties & Responsibilities
Look at and review business processes. Document business processes and make
recommendations to improve processes, in light of new or proposed business tools and
techniques.
Document business cases and cost/benefit of work order or request for service
Conduct interviews and product analysis to gather and document business requirements and
functional requirements via workshops, questionnaires, surveys, site visits, workflow
storyboards, use cases, scenarios, and other methods.
Communicate application problems & issue to key stakeholders, incl. management,
development teams, and other methods.
Analyzes, defines and documents requirements for data, workflow, logical processes,
interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks and controls and outputs
Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural
language
Conduct end user tests on behalf of the “business” of new solutions developed by IT as
checkpoints and precursors to production implementation
In conjunction with Trainers, develop training materials, end-user manuals and other
guidance tools (primers, quick hits, presentation products)
Use quantitative techniques to analyze data and make decisions.
Skills
 Proven experience with troubleshooting IT principles, methodologies, and issue resolution
techniques.
 Demonstrated ability to create systematic and consistent requirements specifications in both
technical and user-friendly language.
 Excellent written and oral communication skills, including an ability to communicate across
business areas
 Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office, MS Visio, MS Powerpoint, etc.
Experience & Education
 Bachelor’s Degree (in Business Administration, Computer Science, Finance, or Information
Systems) required
 3+ years related experience with business and technical requirements, analysis, elicitations,
modeling, verification, and methodology development.

To apply for this job email your details to suda@sutoer.com
