Position Summary:
The Business Analyst will provide expertise in the data extraction, report creation / visualization, and analysis to support critical management decisions. This role will be tasked with the development of user-friendly KPIs and dashboards for consumption by Senior Leadership and the Service Organization. The Business Analyst's primary focus will be on providing analytics and data visualization for service related KPIs, including staff utilization, inventory management, mean time between failure, and other critical service activities. This role will also provide support to the Finance team by applying statistical analysis, trending, and other visual insights around various strategic initiatives.

Key Responsibilities:
Service Analytics: Support the Service organization's efforts to understand the financial and behavioral drivers of the business through meaningful KPIs and dashboards: Employee utilization, inventory replenishment / waste, work order effectiveness, etc.
Finance Analytics: Support leadership's efforts to understand the financial and behavioral drivers of the business through meaningful KPIs and dashboards: Revenue, cost, product utilization, etc.
Develop and maintain performance dashboards and scorecards through database management tools, data transformation, and business intelligence platforms and (e.g. Power BI, SQL, AWS, MS Office Suite)
Extract, transform and integrate data from multiple internal and external data sources.
Develop and implement procedures for data validation and quality control of reports and queries.
Design and implement, and embed reports and visualizations into third party applications
Occasional travel for sales meetings and trainings
Minimum Requirements/Qualifications:
Data analytics experience
Strong technical background, including experience with BI reporting tools (Power BI, Tableau, etc.) and data transformation via SQL
Working knowledge of CRM software and reporting (Salesforce.com)
Demonstrate Strong analytical, critical thinking and organizational skills, detail orientation and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work with various systems and data sources to gather and assimilate required information
Comfortable with large amounts of data and the ability to identify key trends and variances and summarize with a high degree of accuracy
Able to multi-task. Bring a strong sense of 'customer service'; a strong responsiveness ethic and a sense of urgency and a drive for accurate results
Ability to communicate in writing and verbally with all levels in the division
Bachelor's Degree or greater in Business Intelligence, Business Analytics, Information Management, Statistics or Qualitative Analysis preferred
Healthcare experience preferred
Frequent Contacts:

Internal
Cross-functional teams in Portage, MI office, remote Service team leaders and teams
External
Data and Technology vendors
Other Job Requirements:
Adhere to OHS policies and procedures and ensure a safe and healthy workplace environment
