Description

CME Group is the world's leading and most diverse derivatives marketplace. But who we are goes deeper than that. Here, you can impact markets worldwide. Transform industries. And build a career shaping tomorrow. We invest in your success and you own it, all while working alongside a team of leading experts who inspire you in ways big and small. Joining our company gives you the opportunity to make a difference in global financial markets every day, whether you work on our industry-leading technology and risk management services, our benchmark products or in a corporate services area that helps us serve our customers better. We’re small enough for you and your contributions to be known. But big enough for your ideas to make an impact. The pace is dynamic, the work is unlike any other firm in the business, and the possibilities are endless. Problem solvers, difference makers, trailblazers. Those are our people. And we're looking for more.

To learn more about what a career at CME Group can offer you, visit us at www.wherefuturesaremade.com .

Position Description:

The Cyber Defense Analyst (Response I) position (3rd Shift) is responsible for performing validation of escalated security events and performing incident response per established processes and procedures. This includes both performing technical analysis of security issues as well as handling documentation and project management aspects of incident response.

Primary Responsibilities:
Act as lead incident handler for low severity incidents.
Perform technical analysis of multiple sources of data, including network flows/packet data, host forensic artifacts, and application/system logs.
Manage incident communications, including establishing/scheduling bridge lines and periodic incident update calls.
Document incident tasks and updates in the incident management system.
Technical Skill Proficiency Targets:

Dynamic Malware Analysis

Beginner

Static Malware Analysis

Beginner

Incident Handling

Beginner

Network Concepts

Beginner

Network Forensics/Analysis

Beginner

Host Based Forensics

Beginner

Memory Forensics

Beginner

Programming/Scripting

Beginner

Log Analysis

Beginner

Web Application Security

Beginner

Detection/Content Development

Beginner

Personal Attributes:
Strong customer-service orientation.
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
High level critical thinking skills.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Excellent listening and interpersonal skills.
Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language.
Ability to conduct research into network/security issues and products.
Comfortable working in a dynamic environment with multiple goals.
Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail.
Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Ability to deal diplomatically and effectively at all levels of the organization including both technical and non-technical, management and senior leadership

Professional Experience:
No formal work experience is required for this position. (0-2 Years Typical)
Successful candidates should be able to demonstrate a passion for information security through course work/degrees completed, self-study, and/or certifications that have been completed.
Formal Education & Certifications
BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Security, or Information Systems or related work experience
Certifications such as SANS GSEC, GCIH, and GCFE (or related knowledge/experience) are desired.
]]>
