Data Analyst

Next College Student Athlete (NCSA) is growing our Data & Analytics team and we are looking for a Data Analyst to step in and provide clear focus on solving our analytics challenges.

Youll be working with a team of data scientists and analysts while collaborating with managers and executives, thus you will need to be able to articulate insights and work together to improve the operations of the entire organization. At NCSA, we help families realize their collegiate dreams by fulfilling the need for today's student-athletes to become better college recruits. Our users are high school and college athletic coaches, student athletes, their families, and our in-house teams of recruiting coaches and sales specialists.

Responsibilities:

Be the key data resource defining and driving strategic initiatives, helping Executives and Managers push the business forward.
Build and level-up Tableau dashboards that power the day-to-day operations for hundreds of employees.
Analyze and obtain insights on the most impactful data we have, finding new opportunities.
Guide and assist the Analytics team in cultivating partnerships across departments, bringing insights to every corner of our operation.
Create tailored data solutions that use repeatable patterns and can be leveraged across the business.
Manage and refine project process and relevant metrics.
Be part of a collaborative, learning culture.
Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related).
Strong SQL experience in Relational DB engines such as MSSQL Server and PostgreSQL.
3 to 5 years of experience working in data analysis.
Strong data process definition and refinement skills.
Experience finding areas of pain and providing clear analysis of them.
Excellent written and oral communication skills we are a team-oriented company so experience communicating with both technical and non-technical team members is important
Preferred Qualifications:

Able to self-manage multiple projects and tasks at one time
Unafraid to manage up or sideways
Familiarity with standard source control methods
A team-player, always looking to make things better and easier for a co-worker
Experience working within cross-functional AGILE teams in a collaborative development environment
Benefits & Perks
Stay Healthy: Enroll in comprehensive benefits & insurance plans with no waiting period
Be Well: Expense up to $65 per month for health & wellness
Maximize Savings: Contribute to your 401k retirement savings with company matching
Be Comfortable: Enjoy a relaxed casual dress code
Give Back: Receive paid time off to volunteer in your community
Take Time: Enjoy paid parental leave to bond with & care for a newborn or newly adopted child
Stay Connected: Expense up to $350 towards the purchase of a laptop, tablet or computer
PAWesome Perk: Enroll your furry friends in our Voluntary Pet Insurance Plan
ABOUT NEXT COLLEGE STUDENT ATHLETE (NCSA)

NCSA is the world's largest and most successful collegiate athletic recruiting network. A wholly owned subsidiary of Reigning Champs LLC (www.reigningchamps.com), NCSA's 750 teammates leverage exclusive data, proprietary matching algorithms and personal relationships built over nearly two decades as the industry leader to connect tens of thousands of college-bound student-athletes to more than 35,000 college coaches nationwide across 34 sports every year. You can learn more about NCSA at www.ncsasports.org.

National Collegiate Scouting Association, LLC is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, citizenship status, uniform service member status, age, disability, sexual and gender orientation, genetic information or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws.
