Description

Business Operations Analyst

Axiom is the leading provider of tech-enabled professional services to the largest companies in the world. With thousands of mission-obsessed Axiomites globally, we get a nerdy excitement for innovating the way that legal, compliance, and contracts work is done. Join our movement to vastly improve one of the world's largest services economies. www.axiomlaw.com

We are seeking a Business Operations Analyst to join our global Business Operations team in Chicago. Working in close partnership with Axiom's commercial organization, the Business Operations team is responsible for establishing and maintaining client matters across Axiom's ERP systems, operational reporting, and ad-hoc operational projects. The team sits within Axiom's Global Operations Team.

The Role

As a Business Operations Analyst, you will be responsible for updating and maintaining key systems that drive invoicing, payroll, and reporting. In addition to the previously mentioned core functions, you will play an integral role in strategic projects aimed at advancing one of Axiom's core business objectives. This includes participation in both long-term and short-term initiatives, working closely with internal team members and cross-functional stakeholders. The Business Operations team is dedicated to industrializing core functions and improving the efficiency and scalability of the wider business via complex analysis, improvement, and development of policies and processes. This will include, but will not be limited to, the following responsibilities:
Matter setups and maintenance in OpenAir system.
Bookings maintenance in OpenAir which impacts employee access to time entry.
Validation and approval of timesheets, expenses, and invoices in support of close and revenue recognition procedures.
Special projects ranging from long-term (6 months or more) to short-term (1 day).
These projects cover a wide range of topics and require each team member to reach out across the company to various stakeholders.
Essential Criteria:
A 4-year Bachelor's degree is required.
Meticulous attention to detail required. This role is heavy in data entry related to complex, high-stakes client matters.
Ability to manage a range of responsibilities across multiple stakeholders.
Aptitude for translating contract language into financial constructs.
Ability to work with members of your team as well as cross functionally within Axiom.
Ability to execute and manage both short-term and long-term strategic projects simultaneously.
Must be comfortable in a fast-paced environment.
High aptitude for learning and using technological systems.
High proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Exhibits Axiom's Core Values: Committed, Fresh, Irresistible, and Thoughtful.
