Sprout Social is looking for an analytical, problem solving, and detail-focused Sales Operations Analyst who has experience supporting Sales, Customer Success, and/or Finance organizations.

Our Sales and Customer Success teams work with more than 20,000 brands around the world including Evernote, Grubhub, Subaru, and Edelman. These businesses rely on Sprout to create stronger relationships with their customers through social media.

This position will partner closely with the Sales Leadership, Marketing, and Data Science teams to define targets, measure performance, and inform strategy for the entire Sales and Customer Success organization. This individual will become an expert in the internal systems and software our reps leverage and will help inform, define, and improve processes.

If you are data-driven, process-oriented, and able to move quickly while maintaining focus on high impact projects, we'd love to talk to you!

The Experience:
1+ year as a business analyst supporting a department such as Sales, Operations, Product, or Finance.
Experience with reporting and dashboard software such as Tableau.
Familiarity with CRM Software such as Salesforce.
Ability to write SQL.
Within 1 Month, you will…
Complete Sprout's New Hire training program alongside other new Sprout team members. You'll gain a broader understanding of our product and how your role fits into the organization.
Partner with the Sales Operations Analytics Manager to define key success metrics for your role and how you will measure against them.
Get to know stakeholders throughout our Sales and Customer Success teams as well as cross-functional teams.
Become familiar with our sales environment, tech stack, and sales processes.
Within 3 Months, you will…
Develop an understanding of the objectives and challenges of each business area.
Learn the current state of our performance metrics, processes, reporting, and documentation.
Create strong relationships with the leaders and managers in the business area you support, as well as cross-functional partners.
Take ownership of generating, maintaining, and publishing performance reporting for a specific business unit.
Within 6 months, you will…
Become the subject matter expert for all processes, data, and systems related to your business unit and answer questions that arise from reps, managers, and leaders.
Set performance thresholds for your business unit, based on historical models.
Design dashboards that give business stakeholders visibility into the key information that will allow them to effectively coach and manage their team
Support sales leaders in conducting analyses that help inform their strategic decisions
Within 12 months, you will…
Propose changes to system configuration, process, and rules of engagement that will help your business unit be more effective and efficient.
Find ways to automate, simplify, and evolve performance measurement in ways that allow the business to effectively grow and scale.
Develop new and interesting ways to analyze and visualize the data to help inform future decisions and strategies.
Assist other Sales Operations Analysts in ad-hoc reporting and analysis getting exposure to other parts of the organization.
Surprise us! Use your unique ideas and abilities to change the Sales Operations team in beneficial ways that we haven't even considered yet.
Of course what is outlined above is the ideal timeline, but things may shift based on business needs and other projects and tasks could be added at the discretion of your manager.

About Sprout Social

Sprout Social powers open communication between individuals, brands and communities through elegant, sophisticated software. We are relentless about solving hard problems for our customers and committed to both customer and team success.

Team Sprout is a group of very talented, smart and passionate people with broad interests and backgrounds. We believe that true employee engagement cannot happen if you can't bring your whole self to work, so we're committed to building a diverse team, embracing an inclusive culture and investing in equity across our organization. That dedication is core to Sprout. We want all candidates, particularly those coming from traditionally underrepresented groups in the technology industry, to know they are welcome at Sprout.

We're proud to regularly be recognized for software, product and company culture achievements. Our team's shared belief in Sprout's mission promotes a culture of openness, empowerment and fun. We have built a benefits program to match the strength of our team. This program includes:
Insurance and benefit options that are built for both individuals and families, including generous company contributions
Progressive benefit programs, like our parental leave program and free Divvy bike memberships
High-quality and well-maintained equipment - your computer will never prevent you from doing your best
Beautiful, convenient and state-of-the-art offices in Chicago's Loop
Solid programs in some of the staples: transportation, disability and life insurance
Wellness initiatives to ensure both health and financial well-being of our team
Breakfast and lunch options onsite, and more healthy snack options and beverages than you can imagine
Growing corporate social responsibility program that is driven by the involvement and passion of our team members
Sprout Social is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and an Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, marital status, order of protection status, citizenship status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@sproutsocial.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.

For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity, please click here (1) Equal Opportunity Employment Poster (2) Sprout Social's Affirmative Action Statement (3) Pay Transparency Statement.

When you apply for employment with Sprout Social, we will process your job applicant data, including your employment and education history, transcript, writing samples, and references as necessary to consider your job application for open positions. For more information about our privacy practices please visit our Privacy Policy. California residents have additional rights and should review the Additional Disclosures for California Residents section in our Privacy Policy.

Additionally, Sprout Social participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. We value the things that make us different and want to see how you can make our team better!
