Friday, June 26, 2020

GRIFFITH FOODS

Griffith Foods is a global manufacturer of food products. We provide a wide range of taste and texture components for food industry customers throughout the world. Our products include seasoning blends, dry mixes, coating systems, dough blends, crumbs, flavors, sauces and food bases that are used in an extensive variety of application from snack foods and processed meat and poultry to ready meals. Our customers include food processors, restaurant operators and grocery retailers. While our name may not be familiar to consumers, our products are key components of foods offered by many of the world’s best-known companies.

The Business Analyst is responsible for managing and improving the profitability of specific business segments within Griffith Foods in alignment with our company strategy. The role delivers business analytics and develops recommendations to senior leadership and Sales to guide key business decisions with a direct impact to our company performance and strategy initiatives. Lead analytical support for senior leadership, Sales, and other internal stakeholders to develop and execute value-added pricing strategies and business proposals.Support sales with pricing activities focused on margin improvement, business analytics and sales reporting. Synthesize current business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for pricing action. Recommends and develops improvements to the existing pricing process, guidelines and strategies.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:
Develops and executes profitable pricing strategies and business proposals in alignment with our company Purpose and strategy through collaboration with senior leadership, sales, purchasing, product development, supply chain, and other cross-functional teams.
Prepares financial scenario models and proposes pricing options based on value-add, market and competitive information to drive financial performance.
Executes account profitability analysis and price review process as needed using Protocols system and reports to maintain or improve profitability.
Assists in financial forecasting and fiscal year budgeting process through effective collaboration and communication with Sales and detailed analysis.
Ensures new business activities achieve contribution margin and gross margin targets, and challenges sales to provide rationale on quotes below company guidelines.
Develop metrics to guide resource investment and support key business decisions to drive our Purpose-driven strategy forward.
Participate in customer calls or in person visits to support the commercial team in any pricing related matters.
Manages the pricing process within the Griffith Pricing Applications system and Microsoft AX system with full responsibility for all sales analysis and data entry.
Provides ad hoc sales information to internal and external customers.
Maintains cost records for incentives, royalty and brokerage fees; provides reporting needed for internal & external clients.
Supports Client RFI, (Request for Information) and RFP's (Request for Price).
Assists in preparing and executing mass price changes within urgent time frames as needed.

Knowledge & Experience:
Bachelor’s degree (BA or BS) in Finance, Business Administration or a related field from a four-year college or university.
Advanced Excel usage including but not limited to VLOOKUP, pivot table usage and development, formula development.
2-3 years related industry experience.



EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability

Other details
Job Function
Finance
Pay Type
Salary
Travel Required
No
Required Education
Bachelor’s Degree
