Kraft Heinz, The Company

As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we are proud to spark joy around mealtimes with a global portfolio of more than 200 brands. Some are iconic master brands like Heinz, Kraft and Planters. Others are fast growing new sensations that defy status quo like DEVOUR and Primal Kitchen. No matter the brand, we are united under one vision To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World. Bringing this vision to life are our 36,000+ teammates around the world, making food people love.

Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership and commitment with Rise Against Hunger. And we also stand committed to sustainability, and the health of our planet and its people.

Every day, we are transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you’re passionate like us -- and ready to create the future, build on a storied legacy, and participate as a conscientious global citizen -- there’s one thing to do join us.

Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration

We’re not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. It all comes down to the way we empower our people to own their work. It’s true Our employees are our competitive advantage.

As part of the Kraft Heinz family you’re supported to grow and achieve. You’re recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance at every level. You’re given the opportunity to leave your mark and build legacies. But you won’t do it alone. This is where our values and teamwork thrives and collaborative spirit fuels every day.

Job Description


The Consumer Information Analyst is the liaison between the Kraft Heinz Consumer and internal clients; including Marketing, Consumer Insights, R&D, Food Safety & Quality, Corporate Affairs and Operations. The primary responsibilities of the role include: analyze contact center data with an objective to drive product/package improvements to improve the consumer experience; conduct social media listening and research. This position requires a dedicated professional with strong analytical, math/statistics, technical, and interpersonal/presentation skills. This candidate must also have experience in Social Media measurement and analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Identify and communicate consumer issues and opportunities regarding product quality and innovation.
Actively monitor/listen to brand, competitor and category social media content to provide brand health evaluations and overall brand sentiment reports.
Work closely with the Consumer Relations team/peers in the development of social media research projects (emerging food trends, category insights, whitespace opportunities, audience segmentation, etc.)
Influence business decisions by generating insights obtained through integration and analysis of multiple tools and data sets (i.e. contact center, survey and social media).
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum 3-5 years’ experience with data analysis, social listening, and/or qualitative research.
Ability to collaborate with others and work in teams, is required.
Demonstrated analytical, writing, critical thinking and problem solving skills required.
Strong verbal and presentation skills ( ability to present complex data analysis to internal stakeholders).
Ability to recognize and communicate meaningful patterns in data (“What does it mean?”).
Ability to translate complex data sets into insights (“Why does it matter?”).
Demonstrated commitment to meeting deadlines and producing high quality work.
Strong technical skills and understanding of database architecture
Less than 5% travel required.
Specialized or Technical Knowledge Required:
Strong knowledge of Business Intelligence platforms (Business Objects, Tableau, Power BI, etc).
Previous experience with social listening tools such as: Talkwalker, Netbase, Crimson Hexagon, Brandwatch, Sprinklr, etc.
Advanced skills in Excel.
SQL knowledge a plus
Strong technical skills with demonstrated ability to synthesize raw data and develop actionable insights.
Strong knowledge of statistical analysis with both structured and unstructured data.
Location(s)
Glenview R&D Center
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity
