bull Responsible for elicitation, analysis and documentation of all technical requirements for any newor changes to technology applications, including internal and external development requirements and analysis of impacts to proposed technology solutions on existing and new technology platforms. bull Responsible for enterprise program requirements, using appropriate facilitation techniques, including interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, task and workflow analysis. bull Provide oversight and review of functional design documents, impact assessments and test deliverables to ensure that they meet the requirements. bull Provide oversight of the requirements traceability process from requirements through to testing with appropriate gap analysis to ensure requirements meet the needs of the business through the delivery lifecycle. bull Lead and provide oversight of cross-functional system or enterprise process initiatives. bull Provide estimates to project team for team effort, identify and communicate risks to delivering solution on time and provide input to resource needs at the project- or program-level to identify key required skills Section III. Experience and Educational Requirements bull Bachelorrsquos degree in Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent experience is required. Masterrsquos degree a plus. bull 4 yearsrsquo experience in Enterprise Product Catalog (EPC) andor billing system in a Telecommunication environment preferred. bull International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) Business Analyst certification a plus. bull Strong analysis, verbal and written communication skills is required. Must be able to communicate effectively and confidently with business and technology stakeholders, team members and management. bull Process-driven analysis skills and a background in various requirements elicitation methods are required. bull Proficiency with requirements based on an Agile project delivery methodology is required. bull CIM and RIM knowledge is a plus bull JIRAConfluenceQC experience is a plus bull Experience with wireless or telecom industry is highly desirable. bull Project leadership experience preferred.
