RESPONSIBILITIES:

Kforce has a client in search of a Business Analyst with QA Testing Experience in Chicago, IL.

Can you picture yourself working for one of -America's Ideal Employers-? Our client has received numerous awards and accolades due in part to their commitment to diversity, veterans, and fostering innovation. They've been named one of Fortune Magazine's -World's Most Admired Companies- of 2018 and are included in the -Top 50 Most Innovative Companies- named by Boston Consulting Group. With on-site training and mentoring, they are committed to your professional development as well.

Summary:
The Business Systems Analyst is responsible for understanding the functional application, business operations and technical flow of any application. The BSA should have application knowledge but also be able to fully explain the operational workflow. The BSA should be able to understand how requirements impact both the technical and functional nature of an application. The role is a technical role, one in which an analyst can drive business decisions based on application and technical expertise.

REQUIREMENTS:
BS degree in Computer Science/Engineering, MIS, CIS, or related or equivalent
5+ years of relevant experience in business systems analysis
3+ years of experience in agile environment (e.g. Scrum, RUP, Kanban)
Ability to work on and across multiple agile teams
Ability to communicate the entire scope of delivery across teams
Experience eliciting requirements from multiple business stakeholders
Excellent critical thinking & troubleshooting skills, ability to find and solve root causes of problems amid "noise"
Experience with business rule intensive systems and high-volume manual workflows
Ability to understand data analytics, understand system volume and trends that help drive technical and business decisions
JIRA experience required. Understand how to manage work, understand how to define acceptance criteria
Ability to query data using SQL, Splunk, Kibana
Understand business driven development
Experience with test automation, such as unit test, functional test, or integration tests
Skills a Plus:
Development experience
Automated testing, using tools such as FitNesse, Cucumber, Selenium
Experience with a business rules engine, such as Drools or ILOG
Tableau
Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
