Business Analyst

Position Summary

I. ID
Business Analyst

Application Support and Analytics
JOB TITLE

BUSINESS UNIT
Harris& Harris, Ltd.

Information Technology
COMPANY

DEPARTMENT
Chicago, IL

Application Support Manager
LOCATION

HIRING MANAGER’S TITLE

II. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

· Responsible for working with internal and external clients to integrate procedures with Harris& Harris’ collections systems and better streamline processes.

· Manage the quality control of operational programs, results, and reporting for all clients in order to eliminate issues and increase client satisfaction.

· Troubleshoot reported application issues and help facilitate resolution to prevent future issues going forward.

· Execute various corporate and client projects as assigned within tight deadlines.

· Manage documentation creation and updating of policies and procedures to ensure that all team members understand the correct manner for completing their tasks.

· Coordinate configuration and programming tasks internally, as well as externally with clients and vendors.

· Perform data analysis to interpret trends, optimize efficiency and evaluate data quality.

· Responsible for the design and testing on custom programming applications.

· Ability to successfully create ad hoc reporting on demand and develop specifications to recurring reports for programming to help increase department productivity.

· Listen closely and understand the specific needs of other departments to ensure that reporting is accurate and relevant.

· Create and present data results to various internal departments to aid them in interpreting the data and make recommendations.

· Work collaboratively with other IT members as needed for programming initiatives, changes to routines, file processing, strategies, letters and other functions as related to client operations.

· Assist with help desk requests/tickets directly through telephone or online ticketing system as needed.

· Other duties and tasks as assigned.

III. KEY REQUIREMENTS
3-5 years in a technical or application support environment with experience troubleshooting customsoftware applications/databases
Ability to work within the expected guidelines with limited supervision and excellent attention to detail
Ability to work in a fast paced and ever changing work environment
Must be well-spoken, as well as beable to understand client needs and suggest appropriate solutions
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
Excellent analytical, problem solving and time management skills
Experience with the CUBS system preferred
Experience with UNIX system a plus
Excellent project management skills a plus
Application development/programming experience a plus
Regular office hours at corporate downtown Chicago headquarters
After hours support on a rotating schedule as well as special projects and emergencies required
IV. ORGANIZATION STRUCTURE
· Other Positions reporting to same leader
1. Senior Business Analyst
2. Operations Specialist
3. Senior Operations Specialist

4. Automation Specialist I& II

V. EMPLOYMENT APPLICATION

Please review this information below before beginning this application

I certify the answers given herein are true and complete to the best of my knowledge, and I authorize the investigation of all statements contained within this employment application that may be necessary in arriving at an employment decision. I further understand that, in the event of my employment by Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris, P.C., any false or misleading information given in my application or interview(s) may result in a discharge from the Company. I also understand that if employed by Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris P.C., I will be required to abide by all Company rules and regulations.

I understand any employment offer that may be extended to me by Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris P.C. is contingent upon my ability to satisfy the physical and mental requirements for the position offered, which may require me to submit to a drug/alcohol screening test and physical examination.

I understand this application and any subsequent offer of employment I may received from Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris P.C. does not, and is not intended to create a contract of employment or any contractual rights in favor of Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris P.C. or me beyond those existing in an “at will” employment relationship unless provided otherwise by an applicable collective bargaining agreement. I understand that any employment relationship which may arise between Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris P.C. and me will be an “at will” relationship, which means Harris& Harris, Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris P.C. reserves the right to change, modify, suspend, revoke, or terminate my employment at any time with or without reason, and with or without notice, and that I likewise have the right to terminate my employment with Harris& Harris Ltd./Arnold Scott Harris, P.C. at any time, with or without notice.
