This person will be responsible for interfacing with our new and existing customers, to understand and capture application requirements in the form of technical specifications that can then be implemented by our development staff, and who will lead the testing process of these applications. The individual must develop a sound knowledge of the US lottery market, software testing methodologies and be able to communicate effectively with our customers, technical staff and our parent company.

Intralot, Inc. is engaged in the supply of integrated gaming and transaction processing systems, innovative game content and value added services to state licensed gaming organizations. Based on its extensive know how, advanced product development standards and substantial experience in operating lottery games, Intralot, Inc. offers custom-made integrated solutions, which ensure maximum efficiency and absolute security.

Games Library includes more than 400 types of games: Numerical Lotteries, TV Lottery Games, Sports Lotteries, Fixed Odds Betting, Instant Lotteries, Pari-mutuel, Video Lottery and Monitor Games.

Education:
Bachelor degree in Computer Science, IT, or similar field, or equivalent combination of training and experience
Five years experience as a Business Analyst
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Possesses understanding in the areas of lottery on-line and instant game application programming, database and system design.
Understands Internet, Intranet, Extranet and client/server architectures.
Understands web-based systems.
Focus on testing and verifiable history of excellent written and oral communication skills with internal and external customers.
Duties and Responsibilities:
This person will be responsible for interfacing with our new and existing customers, to understand and capture application requirements in the form of technical specifications that can then be implemented by our development staff, and who will lead the testing process of these applications.
The individual must develop a sound knowledge of the US lottery market, software testing methodologies and be able to communicate effectively with our customers, technical staff and our parent company in Greece.
This person is responsible for maintaining updated end-user system manuals/documentation (not Operations Procedures).
Assists in enforcement of project deadlines and schedules
Takes input from supervisor and appropriately and accurately applies comments/ feedback.
Manages resources in accordance with project schedule.
Develops and maintains functional specifications and system design specifications and NASPL QA Certification processes
Leads system, client acceptance, and all life cycle testing efforts
Ensures Virtual Prototypes and System Simulators are kept up to date
Writes test plans, test cases, test scripts and test summaries
Employment Eligibility Verification

Must possess valid documentation to establish identity and U.S. employment eligibility

Security Requirements

Submission to, and ability to pass, a thorough pre-employment background check by the required State or District Lottery, Intralot, Inc. is a requirement of employment. A pre-employment drug screening is also a requirement

Intralot, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer

As an equal opportunity employer, Intralot recognizes that our strength lies in our people. We are committed to diversity. EEO is the Law.
