Kraft Heinz, The Company

As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we are proud to spark joy around mealtimes with a global portfolio of more than 200 brands. Some are iconic master brands like Heinz, Kraft and Planters. Others are fast growing new sensations that defy status quo like DEVOUR and Primal Kitchen. No matter the brand, we are united under one vision To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World. Bringing this vision to life are our 36,000+ teammates around the world, making food people love.

Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership and commitment with Rise Against Hunger. And we also stand committed to sustainability, and the health of our planet and its people.

Every day, we are transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you’re passionate like us -- and ready to create the future, build on a storied legacy, and participate as a conscientious global citizen -- there’s one thing to do join us.

Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration

We’re not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. It all comes down to the way we empower our people to own their work. It’s true Our employees are our competitive advantage.

As part of the Kraft Heinz family you’re supported to grow and achieve. You’re recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance at every level. You’re given the opportunity to leave your mark and build legacies. But you won’t do it alone. This is where our values and teamwork thrives and collaborative spirit fuels every day.

Job Description
Role / Title
The Sr Analyst, Data Analytics will own and analyze large internal and external datasets from different sources. The successful candidate should have extended business knowledge as well as technical skillsets. He/she should be able to translate business requirements into data requirements then develop ETL pipelines to generate final data sets. Also, we expect this person to have experience in designing, developing and executing large scale of data pipelines in cloud environment.

Key Responsibilities include:
Integrate and transform data from different sources for reporting or analytical purposes
Support the design, development and automation of data pipelines to support routine BI reports and analytical workstreams
Train end users to appropriately use different data sets.
Collaborate with stakeholders such as business leaders and project managers to gather data requirements and deliver projects on time.
Support ad-hoc data requests from business or analytics teams
Partner with Data Engineering and Software Development Engineers to optimize data pipelines and ensure data quality
Analyze and visualize data and present business insights to business partners
Minimum Qualifications
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical fields.
2+ years of experience working in Business Intelligence or Data analytics within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment
Very strong in SQL
Experience in Python or R
Experience in data visualization tools such as Tableau
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in manipulating or analyzing CPG data sources (Nielsen or IRI)
Experience developing data pipelines in AWS or Azure and familiar with cloud technologies (Data Factory, Data Bricks and Snowflakes etc.)
Experience in statistical modeling. Advanced knowledge of statistics assumptions and can interpret statistical analysis into business language
Experience in partnering with business owners to understand requirements, develop project timelines and deliver data sets or analysis on time
Location(s)
Chicago/Aon Center
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity
