Job Description
E-CQR is a San Diego based company and offers a broad range of business solutions and technology services to help clients in achieving their business goals. Our top notch consultants are providing services to industry's top Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, Medical device, Clinical research, Diagnostics, Chemical, Bio Medical, Drug development, Bioinformatics and Therapeutics companies.

We are looking for BA candidates who are open for relocation anywhere in USA.

Responsibilities

This position requires a blend of business analyst skills, as you will assist our clients in implementing and optimizing the use of our licensed software solutions. Job duties include:
Project management support
Process analysis and design
Business analysis and conversions
System configuration
Specifications for enhancements & integrations
Qualification
Bachelor’s/ Master’s Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance or Accounting
Minimum 6 months of experience required
Strong attention to detail, analytical and problem-solving skills. Must be inquisitive and possess a strong desire to learn
Excellent communication, relationship-building, and interpersonal skills. Individual should have a high energy level and be a creative thinker in a changing environment.
SQL is a plus
Ability to multitask
Requirement

· We are hiring OPT, GC, Citizen and H4 EAD

· 6 months to 1 yr of work experience required

· Long term job opportunities with competitive salary structure

· Prompt payroll, very good Clientele

· H1B sponsorship with GC filing

· E-Verified Company

· Very efficient compliance department

Interested candidates please send resumes to farah.n@ecqrinc.com
Company Description
E-CQR is a San Diego based consulting company and offers a broad range of business solutions and technology services to help clients in achieving their business goals. Our top notch consultants are providing services to industry's top Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, Medical device, Clinical research, Diagnostics, Chemical, Bio Medical, Drug development, Bioinformatics and Therapeutics companies.
Our strong company culture is built on the key values of trust, professionalism, commitment, excellence, and respect. These values are an integral part of our culture and form the foundation of long-term client relationships and lasting partnerships.
