Job Description
Title: Technical Business Analyst

Location: Chicago, IL 60605

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders and product owners to understand the users’ goals and objectives and identify success criteria.
Lead efforts in analyzing, collecting, and prioritizing user requirements, and translates business requirements into technical design and processes.
Create and maintain software development artifacts such as requirements documentation, use cases, test cases, data flow diagrams, UI wireframes, and internal support documentation
Work with stakeholder requirements to build data visualizations and metrics turning data into information for the user
Work with stakeholders and product owners to evaluate buy versus build solutions where appropriate
Build functional prototypes of technical design ideas as needed using SQL, Excel, and other BI tools
Work with all stakeholders to ensure implemented solution meets defined success criteria.
Communicates complex systems to Stakeholders, in a manner that enables them to have a common understanding of the product status, risks, and decision points.
Contributes to the PMO team in assessing tools, approaches, and techniques to add efficiency and value add improvements to existing PMO processes and methods.
Build, modify, and maintain reports used by middle and back office teams
Specific Skills/Abilities
Excellent verbal, visual, written and listening skills
Excellent data visualization and analysis skills
Excellent organizational skills
Excellent facilitation, collaboration skills
Ability to create structure and provide leadership in ambiguous situations
Ability to thrive within a matrix organization.
Ability to excel both independently and in a team environment
Ability to synthesize BI data visualization artifacts (e.g. reports, graphs, charts, etc.) to meet business needs.
Advanced data analysis skills. Affinity working with complex data sets and complex systems.
At least intermediate proficiency with Excel, VBA, databases, T-SQL, and one other BI tool (e.g., Tableau, Cognos, etc.)
At least intermediate systems analysis skills (systems, business workflows, business processes, data modeling, etc.)
Proficient navigation skills on Windows and UNIX Platforms.
Solid understanding of Visio and ability to diagram complex system interactions and data flows
Education/Experience
Bachelor’ s degree or higher Management Information Systems or equivalent technical field
5+ years in a business analyst role delivering software requirements, managing product development
3+ years of experience as a developer on Windows or UNIX platforms.
2+ years of financial trading industry preferred
