Description: bswift is currently seeking an experienced Senior Product Analyst. This individual will own the creation and execution of specific deliverables as part of a scrum team aligned to a specific product area, as well as ensure the quality and completeness of solutions delivered each sprint and release. You will also be responsible to manage, analyze, and translate business needs to create high-quality solutions.

69117

Fundamental Components:
Conducts interviews, fact-finding, and independent research to design creative and scalable solutions.*
Conducts impact analysis of technology changes on business processes and existing technology.*
Documents features and user stories with acceptance criteria that help ensure product quality and meet or exceed customer expectations.*
Develops business/system workflow diagrams and other forms of technical and design documentation. *
Participates in collaborative solution sessions with technical, business, operations and client stakeholders.
Accountable for quality of end-product, driven by creating and reviewing acceptance criteria and test cases as a member of a scrum team.
Mentors and advises less-experienced product analysts.
Supports bswifts agile software development methodology by utilizing internal procedures and tools and identifying areas for methodology improvement.
Background Experience: Background/Experience Desired:
Must be local to the Chicagoland area
Must possess sound knowledge of structured software development lifecycles, methodologies inclusive of Agile.
Ability to successfully interact with Product Managers, Software Engineers and Business representatives at various levels.
2-4 years Product, Business, System or Quality Analyst experience.
Additional preferred experience:
Experience using the Gherkin language to in a Behavior Driven Development environment.
Education and Certification Requirements:
Bachelors degree in a Business or Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience.
Product management or business analysis experience in B2B space preferred.
Additional Job Information: Ability to act as one of the primary owners of both technical business analysis and quality for their product area. Daily interaction with other analysts, engineers, and designers on the team, as well as frequent partnership with business stakeholders and tech leadership. An interest and skill for process improvement and team development will be very helpful as we continue to grow as a team and expand as a company. Required Skills: Technology - Developing Software Solutions Desired Skills: General Business - Communicating for Impact, Leadership - Engaging and Developing People, Technology - Developing Competitive Technology and Architecture Functional Skills: Information Management - Business information analysis Technology Experience: Database - Microsoft SQL Server Potential Telework Position: No Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1
