Hello Associates,

*****Greetings from Conch Technologies*****

Â

Title: Sr. Business Analyst

Length:Â12+ month's contract

Location:ÂChicago, IL

Â

Required Skills:

Business Analyst with experience with BI projects (OBIEE or Tableau)

Â

Job Description:

The role is expected to aid in one or more BI projects in gathering requirements with multiple elicitation activities, document and model business processes and requirements following USG standards and templates. Other activities would include in preparing test scenarios, helping in functional testing, training end users and other change management type activities. Ideal candidate should be a self-driven, organized, agile and should be able to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment

Detailed Experience and Skills Requirements:
Strong Business Analysis experience with excellent communication, interpersonal and organization skills.
Basic knowledge of systems development cycles, methodologies, and work flow diagramming
Excellent analytical, problem solving skills
Proficient in elicitation of requirements through workshops, interviews, etc.
Ability to work with various levels of business users.
Experience in modeling and analyzing business processes and requirements.
Understanding of metrics, dashboard design and drivers of business analysis
Properly documenting the business and functional requirements and getting sign-off.
Experience in preparing high level data dictionaries, data mapping documents
Experience in mock-ups and wireframes for reports, dashboards, forms, etc. based on the requirements
Experience in use case development.
Assisting in the functional testing process
Ability to perform analysis on data via ad-hoc reports or freehand SQL queries to support the requirements process
Understanding of Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Data Integration fundamentals to gather complete requirements
Ability take ownership of BA activities in project when needed and/or take direction from Project Management/Lead BA
Experience in BI Products such as OBIEE 11g, Tableau to design solutions appropriate for business users and within best practices.
Support developers and ensure that the solution is built according to specifications
Experience in Order to Cash with specific focus on invoice/sales reporting
Thank You,

Naresh

Main: (888) 266-9166 Ext: 401 | Direct: 901-317-3453

Email: naresh@conchtech.com

CONCH TECHNOLOGIES INC

Leading IT solutions provider for more than a Decade!ÂFind out why!
