Business AnalystDuration: 12+ month contract Location: Deerfield, IL 60015 Overview: The CRS Group is currently looking for a Business Analyst for one of our clients in the Deerfield area. The CRS Group is a nationwide Staffing Firm who works primarily with Fortune 500 and Fortune 1000 corporations. Duties and Responsibilities: -Analyze, create, document and test new and enhanced business processes for validated Quality systems. -Identify, evaluate, develop and or redesign systems and procedures to meet user requirements. -Create detailed written user requirements for developers. -Provide consultation to internal customers on business process redesign. -Assist in the development of system documentation and training materials as well as training processes. -This section contains a list of five to eight primary responsibilities of this role that account for 5% or more of the work. -The incumbent will perform other duties assigned. -Own key tasks, demonstrate solid business knowledge, require minimum direction, give medium guidance to others, handle moderately complex problems, possess solid knowledge of SDLC -Gather, understand and document business objectives, specifications and requirements on small/medium/large size projects. -Develop and execute unit/system test cases, scripts and plans. -Define, design, and document business flows and processes on small & medium size projects. -Define and articulate business rules required for data accuracy and consistency. -Identify and resolve issues / defects. -Act as the primary contact for processes between IT developers and the business. -Provide end-user support on applications supported within the organization. -Identify, analyze, propose and document appropriate solutions for problems and issues that may impact the project. -Identify and understand issues that may impact day-to-day operations and or project costs. -Use technical tools for (queries, process maps, etc) for problem resolution. -Understand and follow appropriate SDLC, quality validation processes and application processes. -Communicate status, solutions and concerns. -Disseminate information in a timely manner within the team and across functions or teams. -Establish and maintain relationships within the business or function. -Provide cross-functional and business knowledge to develop business system and process alternatives. -Train others as appropriate on specific area of business or systems expertise. -Assist in development of training materials Qualifications: -Solid knowledge of application validation such as IQs, OQs, PQs and the application development process. -Strong communication skills (verbal/written/listening). -Solid business knowledge. -Sense of urgency with strong follow-up skills. -Must be detailed oriented and able to work with in a team setting. -Include the education and experience that is necessary to perform the job satisfactorily. -Bachelor's degree preferred or relevant work experience in systems or business. -5+ years experience in applying information systems solutions to business problems. -Experience in system validation, testing, problem resolution, and training users, HP ALM, Cognos, Tableau. crs_mgallian crs_tprewitt ss # 87239 Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information.
