Company Description10th Magnitude is a technology services firm helping businesses achieve transformation through cloud technologies. We are market leaders in leveraging the power Microsoft Azure to accelerate innovation speed, operational agility and customer responsiveness for clients around the globe. As one of the top Microsoft Azure partners in the US we specialize in Azure Migration, Cloud-Scale Custom Application Development, Internet of Things, Analytics and DevOps achieved through Azure-Enabled Infrastructure Automation. A member of the Microsoft Azure Partner Advisory Council and a Gold Cloud Platform Microsoft partner, 10th Magnitude is headquartered in Chicago and rapidly expanding across the central US.Job Description:Do you enjoy being a part of fun and challenging projects? Are you naturally a curious and confident person? Are you highly passionate and motivated in the discovery and implementation of cloud technologies? Do you want to be on the forefront of helping drive customer engagements, as they move workloads to Microsoft's Azure? If so, you may be a great fit as a Technical Business Analyst at 10th Magnitude. This role will directly support both our migration project teams and Cloud Migration Center to enable successful Azure cloud adoption.The Technical Business Analyst is a critical role in 10th Magnitude's strategic opportunities, assessments, and customer interactions.? This role will focus on customer discovery, data gathering, data rationalization, facilitating customer discussions and translating that into a well-defined actionable cloud migration plan.? The Technical Business Analyst will be supported by their peers in Delivery Management and the Cloud Migration Center and will act as the glue between all these pieces to provide a great experience to our customers and partners.Responsibilities:* Work directly with clients to identify and build relationships with workload owners and capture detailed business workload information, requirements, and goals* Work with clients to maintain clear expectations about migration processes and experience* Work alongside the project Solution Architect and Cloud Migration Center to translate workload information into well planned actionable migration plans and work efforts* Assist with establishing, defining, and maintaining workload and server lists, workload mappings, pre-cutover, cutover, and post-cutover plans, and task lists that can be consumed by the Cloud Migration Center* Work with clients to identify risks and improvement opportunities. Walk clients through analysis findings, gaps, and remediation requirements necessary for successful workload migrations.* Support discovery, testing, and migration scheduling activities* Assist in the development and continuous process improvement and documentation within the Cloud Migration CenterPreferred Experience & Skills:* 2+ years of technical or business analyst related experience* 2+ years of data center migration experience* General understanding of on-premises IT infrastructure and cloud technology. The ideal candidate will have fundamental experience with on-premises and cloud infrastructure, systems administration, and databases.* General understanding of work item management and backlog contribution with Azure DevOps (Github One) and DevOps / Agile practices* Ability to effectively communicate and present to customers* Creating detailed technical documentation* Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and Word* Strong attention to detail* PowerShell experience is a plus* Azure certifications a plus (Azure Administrator Associate)* Azure Site Recovery & Azure Migrate experience a plusTravel.?Expected to be up to 15%If you fit the profile and want to learn more, apply!
