Description

Senior Business Analyst

Axiom is a recognized leader in the business of law and growing faster than anyone in the industry. We're a new category of professional services firm that applies best practices from other industries to help General Counsel undertake legal work intelligently.

We are seeking a Senior Business Analyst for our Managed Services Technology team.

Overview

Excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills are required for a senior business analyst position. At Axiom as senior business analysts will interact with executives and technical staff, networking and team building skills are required. Senior business analysts should also have the ability to train, lead and mentor younger analysts.

Responsibilities
The Senior Business Analyst ensures that the technical solutions being developed will satisfy the needs of the business. Works with Product Management, Application Developers and strategic partners to analyze and develop conceptual design of system components. Ensures high level designs including architecture requirements are accurately documented and map to the approved requirements.
Understand, formulate, and define Product needs, scope, objectives, and business requirements. Determine how changing business needs will impact systems. Assist the business with quantifying business benefit relating to specific projects.
Participate in project sizing activities. Assist project managers to determine resource needs and to estimate the activities, tasks, and deliverables required to implement assigned projects.
Gather business requirements and document for the implementation of assigned projects, according to Project Methodology. Create functional designs and detailed specifications as determined from project needs
Provide subject matter expertise for assigned projects, support business units to ensure full understanding of system capabilities are realized and utilized to meet business needs and requirements.
Assist in planning and managing the appropriate feature set that are included in a production release package that provides the most value and least negative impact to the field
Lead the transfer of knowledge to the client, ensuring that they have all the information and training necessary to effectively use delivered business solutions.
Lead end user training sessions and monitor user adoption.
Ensure documentation related to the business analysis, design, and user acceptance validation functions are current, accurate and version controlled.
Provide input into the evolution of system development processes, standards, procedures, and methodology.
Lead the evolution of PMO and BA processes, standards, procedures and methodology.
Establish and maintain positive working relationships with clients and team members.
BASE REQUIREMENTS
BA/BS degree or equivalent work experience
Salesforce Advanced Administrator, Salesforce App Builder or Sales Cloud Certification
3-5 years experience administering or consulting with Salesforce
Experience with data migrations from 3rd parties into Salesforce
Ability to install and configure 3rd party Salesforce Apps (Drawloop or DocuSign experience considered a plus)
Must be highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, and Microsoft Visio
Strong organization, communication, and interpersonal skills with demonstrable previous project management experience
Strong stakeholder management skills, including the ability to articulate pros/cons of recommended solutions
Passionate team member, who can motivate individuals across different disciplines
Who We Are

This position is with Axiom's Outsourcing team. The team - comprised of technologists, process engineers, management consultants, expert lawyers, negotiators and paralegals - delivers process efficiencies to our clients through diagnostic and solutions design expertise, rigorous workflow management methodology and our multi-shore delivery infrastructure. A leader in end-to-end management and delivery of law departments' most operationally intensive functions (e.g., commercial contracts, derivatives agreements, and compliance activities), Axiom takes full ownership of outsourcing teams under multiyear arrangements and responsibility for hitting SLAs.

Indeed, the Legal and Compliance industries have historically lacked a delivery model that integrates both legal know-how and operational excellence. In-house departments tend to be sub-scale, law firms lack process DNA, and traditional BPO providers lack legal know-how. Axiom's process and technology driven model delivers legal and compliance processes with tighter risk management, better service, and lower cost. Unlike Management Consulting firms, the Managed Services team at Axiom is charged with building and executing - not just advising. This critical distinction is what has attracted an incredibly talented team made up of partners and consultants from leading strategy consulting firms (McKinsey, BCG), pioneers from the world of Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), and experts in cutting edge technologies and systems.

Axiom, a recognized leader in the business of law, is the world's largest and fastest growing legal services firm. Combining deep legal and business expertise with operational prowess, Axiom works closely with leading law departments to improve their risk profiles and create more value for their corporations. The 1,000 person, new model firm serves nearly half of the Fortune 100 via 11 offices and 4 delivery centers globally. The Financial Times ranked Axiom #1 in business of law, #1 in innovation in corporate strategy and #1 in innovation in law firm efficiency, while The New York Times said Axiom is "rewriting the law firm business model." In addition, Axiom CEO Mark Harris' accolades include recognition by the Financial Times as a "top ten agent for change," by Forbes as a "name you need to know," by the National Law Journal as one of the 100 most influential lawyers, by the ABA as a "legal rebel" and by the Aspen Institute as a 2013 Henry Crown Fellow. www.AxiomLaw.com
