RGP is a global consulting firm helping some of the most recognized companies in the world work differently. Our success comes from a shared belief in rolling up our sleeves and doing the hard work of solving complex challenges, executing plans and implementing technology to help transform organizations.

Working as a consultant you will be connected to work that matters, putting your expertise to its best use while developing skills for the future. The result is a career defined by you, supported by RGP and built on tangible accomplishments.

As we continue to grow and deepen our impact on organizations around the world, we are looking for the right people to join us on our mission. If you are interested in being part of our team, there a few things you should know:
We are energized by challenges and the effort needed to solve them.
We like working with people who are positive, adaptable and growth-minded.
We care how work gets accomplished and are deeply invested in the success of our clients and our colleagues.
If this sounds like you, we invite you to read on and learn more.
THE RGP CONSULTING EXPERIENCE
RGP has a unique consulting model that provides opportunities for consultants to work in different ways. Most consultants work in a model where they have the flexibility and autonomy to choose projects aligning to their experience, skills and desired lifestyle. Other opportunities exist in team-based, strategy and solutions work. In all models, you will feel the full support of RGP to assist you in your work and guide you on your chosen path.

PURPOSE OF THE ROLE
As a Business Systems Analyst, you will help our clients execute their project and system initiatives, combining systems knowledge with functional experience in accounting, information management, human capital, internal audit, and supply chain to help Clients ensure project success.

ATTRIBUTES OF CONSULTANTS WITH RGP
Respect for people and opinions and confidently offer your point-of-view with clients and among colleagues
A drive for proactively cultivating relationships with clients and colleagues
Optimism when faced with challenges and complex situations, coupled with the drive to solve client issues
Dedication to continuous improvement and development of your skillset and talents
A strong personal identification with RGPs values loyalty, integrity, focus, enthusiasm, accountability and talent
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ROLE
Define and document business requirements and functional specifications from business users and subject matter experts; perform business needs analysis and design workflows, including as is and to be process mapping
Lead requirements validation and traceability analysis through stakeholder engagement meetings
Perform User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and system testing; write test plans as required
Analyze large, complex data sets and provide insights to the business
Provide data support (e.g., request handling, ad-hoc analysis, etc.) to meet the needs of finance operations and other stakeholder groups
Collect timely feedback from stakeholder groups in order to ensure terms of requirements and specifications are being met through solutions being built
Perform interface analysis, including proper mapping of how the technology infrastructure and systems share data to achieve business goals
Provide insight for the user interface with the systems
Assess and mitigate risks in systems and business structures
DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree in business, information systems or similar discipline is required; Masters degree preferred
足足足足5 to 7-plus years of experience as a business analyst
Functional background in Finance or Accounting, Insurance, Financial Services or Management Information Systems is strongly preferred
Previous system implementation and process improvement experience; deep knowledge of large ERP packages a plus
Strong understanding of how to interpret business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements
Advanced MS Excel skills required: pivot tables, v and h lookups, import/export, modeling, etc.
Advanced MS Visio and MS PowerPoint skills
Excellent skills in planning and organization as well as verbal and written communication
Ability to adapt quickly to new situations, changes in direction and adjusted priorities


Equal Opportunity Employer
RGP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or veteran status, and encourage all applicants to apply.
