About us:
Grand Rounds is a new kind of healthcare company. Founded in 2011, the company is on a mission to raise the standard of healthcare for everyone, everywhere. The Grand Rounds team goes above and beyond to connect and guide people to the highest quality healthcare available for themselves and their loved ones. Grand Rounds creates products and services that give people the best possible healthcare experience. Named a 2019 Best Place to Work by Glassdoor and Rock Health’s 2018 Fastest Growing Company, Grand Rounds works with inspiring employers and doctors to empower them to be the change agents we need to make our shared vision a reality.

We are looking for a Principal Analyst who will communicate value and spearhead analytic engagements with Grand Rounds’ highest profile customers. The ideal candidate is mission driven, has the ability to lead cross functional teams, and has a high degree of comfort understanding complex concepts and presenting key findings to internal and external executive-level stakeholders.

In this role you will be called upon to wear many hats. Duties will include presentations to customers about Grand Rounds’ product performance, planning/coordinating/leading analyses to answer critical customer questions, and shaping how Grand Rounds responds to requests for new insights. The position requires superb analytical ability and a strategic mindset, but also the ability to communicate effectively and manage cross-functional initiatives.

Responsibilities
Lead analytic discussions during business reviews with key accounts (Fortune 50 Companies), serving as an SME on key performance metrics and analytic methods
Plan, coordinate, execute and QA all analytic requests generated by assigned key accounts
Serve as an internal analytic quarterback for requests generated by assigned accounts
In partnership with Medical Directors, provide guidance to key customers looking to address healthcare issues for their employee populations
Identify and develop plans to resolve key data blockers that may limit the ability to deliver on analytic requests
Advise scaling and efficiency improvements efforts, including automation of time-consuming manual tasks
Develop and deliver educational material for internal team members to support new skill development, healthcare industry knowledge development, and technical/non-technical best practices in support of their work
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree with at least 7-10 years of experience working with various types of data including (but not limited to claims data, call data, EHR data, survey data and developing thoughtful analytic plans leveraging healthcare data.
MBA, MPH or other advanced degree preferred
Prior consulting experience and/or a track record of facilitating strategic decisions and discussions w/ executive staff
Proficiency in Excel, GSuite, SQL, and at least one statistical programming language or package (e.g. SAS, Stata, R, SciPy…)
Proficiency in basic statistical methods for causal inference (Match Cohort, Linear regression) and quasi-experimental design
Experience with advanced data visualizations
Strong attention to detail and ability to apply judgment to discern between data processing errors vs true statistical anomalies
Excellent written and verbal skills to communicate with peers, executives, and external stakeholders
Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional projects
Comfort with ambiguity, significant autonomy, and a fast-paced, changing environment
This is a remote, work from home position.

-----
Grand Rounds is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other basis forbidden under federal, state, or local law. Grand Rounds considers all qualified applicants in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

Apply Now
