Business Operations Analyst
SAL020573

Support the growth and development of the business by participating in transformative projects, analyzing financial models and results and building collateral for a positive impact on our organization. Define and analyze data requirements needed to support business processes for information systems. This includes, but is not limited to, creating and executing regular sales operations reporting in partnership with other analytical teams. You will also research complex business analysis problems to support executive decision making, including business performance analysis, trending, and forecasting.
Compile, organize, interpret and communicate sales data and results on a regular basis.
Proactively research complex business analysis problems to support executive decision making, including business performance analysis, trending, and forecasting
Gathers requirements to develop reporting and analysis solutions to meet the needs of the business and stakeholders.
Collaborates with technical and business leaders to develop and maintain ongoing and ad-hoc reports to track key performance metrics related to Business performance support and process improvement.
Work independently with data sets to create data solutions. Correlate, synthesize, validate, understand and report operational, customer engagement, quantitative and qualitative data points to identify key insights and trends.
Work with IT, other internal and external partners to drive proactive analytics, trend monitoring, and reporting for channel performance metrics.
Troubleshoots and develops solutions to issues involving data aggregation and reporting.
Helps identify continuous improvement opportunities that increase efficiency and drive automation of various processes.

Bachelor's degree program in Business Administration, Business or Data Analytics, Sales Operations or related major; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Prior experience in analytics with responsibility for developing and delivering complex analysis, reports, dashboards, trends and forecasts.
Demonstrated independent thinking, relationship management and attention to detail.
Demonstrated strong analytical, communication, leadership and presentation skills.
Proficiency in MS Office Suite of Products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) with deep expertise in building complex tables & macros in Excel.
Strong quantitative skills and the ability to correlate both qualitative and quantitative data to produce actionable insights.
Self-starter with entrepreneurial spirit.
Strong project management skills.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Prior experience tracking sales performance, sales metrics, KPIs, etc.
Prior experience with SQL

Job


:

Sales Business Solutions

Location(s)

:

Illinois-CHICAGO_IL

U.S. Cellular® is an EEO employer and gives consideration to qualified applicants without regard to race/color/age/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/veteran status, pregnancy or genetic information.
