About us:

Staffigo is in the business of providing IT Consulting Services to clients in various industries in the United States - Healthcare (Payer, Providers & Clearinghouses), Finance & Banking, Retail & E-Commerce. As our customers are being challenged by further advances in technology, the evolution of regulation and an ever more demanding customer base to retain, Staffigo continues to innovate, disrupt and to address the challenges that shape the future of our industry. While our team focuses on providing quality, we stand firmly behind our values of Hard Work - Constantly and Consistently. We always remember to be grateful for the opportunities provided to us.

We are currently seeking exceptional entry level talent for the below role.

Job Description:
Provide various levels of IT support, troubleshooting, and other associated assistance for problems with computer systems, peripheral equipment, operating systems, web browsers, applications, and network services.
Help users solve their IT problems and provide targeted instructions to users to improve their skills and confidence in using computer systems and the Cobalt application to meet their business needs.
Follow-up with customers and technical support staff on the status of resolution to ensure problems are resolved on a timely basis. Promptly notify Service Desk management of issues that require management attention.
Create, update, or review documentation such as: Service Desk scripts, notification / communication templates, processes, procedures, other diagrams, system support documentation, other functional and technical support documentation. Validate documentation for accuracy and adherence to Service Desk standards
Minimum Requirements:
Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field of study.
No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
Must be Open for Re-Location.
Powered by JazzHR
