At the heart of Defining Possible is our commitment to missions. In rapidly changing global security environments, Northrop Grumman brings informed insights and software-secure technology to enable strategic planning. We're looking for innovators who can help us keep building on our wide portfolio of secure, affordable, integrated, and multi-domain systems and technologies that fuel those missions. By joining in our shared mission, we'll support yours of expanding your personal network and developing skills, whether you are new to the field or an industry thought-leader. At Northrop Grumman, you'll have the resources, support, and team to do some of the best work of your career.

Northrop Grumman is seeking experienced and motivated professionals for the various entry level roles in Financial Analysis, Business Management, Cost Control, and Contracts. This position will be located at our Mission Systems Sector in Rolling Meadows, IL. (Rolling Meadows Central or Rolling Meadows North)

Roles and responsibilities of the Business Management Analyst will encompass the following, and vary slightly depending on specific position, program, or business unit to which you are assigned:
Review and approve changes to performance measurement baseline as required.
Support audits, reviews, fact-finding, and negotiation support requested by programs, customers, and company management.
Perform analysis and prepare reports in order to ensure contracts are within negotiated and agreed-upon parameters and government cost control guidelines.
Support the preparation and coordination of financial forecasting and reporting, Annual Operating Plan and Resource Plan
Perform cost and schedule risk assessments to identify and mitigate program cost and scheduling risks.
Prepare financial inputs to internal reports and presentations
Set up a cost control system, monitor and control costs and schedules on contracts requiring validated cost schedule control system.
Perform program financial analyses and provide both external and internal reporting (s) for Sector programs.
Perform Earned Value Metric (EVM) tasks including: Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) development, budget baseline, cost risk analysis/ assessment and visibility reports, development and analysis of estimates to complete.
Maintain and provide status and tracking information on customer requests
Work cooperatively with the technical staff to address customer requests
Maintain and update contract documents and official program records, including contractual documents and correspondence
Research contract issues and prepare analysis with citations
Provide direct contract support, review contractual documents to ensure protection of company's contractual/risk posture, satisfaction of contractual requirements and adherence to company policies.
Administer, extend, negotiate and terminate standard and nonstandard contracts.
Conduct proposal preparation, contract negotiation, contract administration, and customer contact activities to provide for proper contract acquisition and fulfillment in accordance with company policies, legal requirements, and customer specifications.
Develop proposal packages, in a timely manner and in accordance with established procedures
Provide proposal support including taking an active role in creating contract proposal volumes, supporting fact finding and the negotiation process.
Examine estimates of material, equipment services, production costs, performance requirements, and delivery schedules to ensure accuracy and completeness.
Candidates must be able to make sound decisions in a timely manner, display strong interpersonal skills, and have an agile perspective or compliance protocol mandated by regulated industry.

RELOCATION ASSISTANCE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THIS REQUISITION.

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications:
A candidate, regardless of age and hiring source, must meet ALL of the below criteria.
The candidate must have a Bachelor's Degree from an accredited institution with 3 years of professional experience in business management, finance, accounting, or related fields - OR -Master's Degree from an accredited institution with 1 year professional experience as described above. (Additional experience may be accepted in lieu of degree)
Proficiency in MS Office Suite - specifically high level Excel skills (including: the ability to insert pivot tables, Vlookup, and conditional formatting, etc.)
Demonstrated leadership, critical thinking and, innovative behaviors in past projects, roles, or experiences
The willingness and ability to travel domestically up to 10% of the time.
US Citizenship is required.
Preferred Qualifications:
Demonstrated strong leadership skills as well as the ability to multi-task in a challenging environment
Professional experience in a regulated industry: to include Aerospace & Defense, Insurance, Financial Services, Telecommunications.
SAP experience
Earned Value Management Customer Reporting experience
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
