Job Summary

Responsible for collecting and summarizing data that will assist Pharmacy and Retail Operations management in both long- and short-range strategic planning, and the development and implementation of programs. Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of business processes pertaining to all aspects of Pharmacy and Retail Operations. Analyzing data to develop cost benefits of proposed programs through collection and data. Work on projects in Pharmacy and Retail Operations including process improvement, strategy development, industry trends, competitive analysis, and company positioning.

Job Responsibilities
Responsible for collecting and summarizing data that will assist Pharmacy and Retail Operations management in both long- and short-range strategic planning, and the development and implementation of programs.
Develops and maintains a comprehensive understanding of business processes and practices pertaining to all aspects of Pharmacy and Retail Operations within the Retail Hub.
Analyzes corresponding data to effectively recommend system and operational procedure changes, enhancements, development of functional specifications or interface opportunities with costs and or return on investment summarized.
Serves as operation point of contact for various projects to drive project execution. Communicates relevant project information to stakeholders, both corporately and in the field.
Collects, analyzes, makes specific recommendations, and presents information pertaining to proposed programs to meet the business and strategic goals of Pharmacy and Retail Operations and Company.
Plans, designs and deploys appropriate reports and tools.
Collaborates across Pharmacy and Retail Operations, IT, legal and regulatory, process improvement teams, and others, to develop operational solutions.
Walgreens (walgreens.com), one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. Walgreens is proud to be a neighborhood health, beauty and retail destination supporting communities across the country, and was named to FORTUNE magazines 2019 Companies that Change the World list. Approximately 8 million customers interact with Walgreens in stores and online each day. As of August 31, 2019, Walgreens operates 9,277 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. Walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the United States, most of which are operated by our health care strategic partners.

Basic Qualifications
Bachelors degree OR, High School Diploma/GED and 3 years of experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Word (for example: inserting headers, page breaks, page numbers and tables and/or adjusting table columns).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: using SUM function, setting borders, setting column width, inserting charts, using text wrap, sorting, setting headers and footers and/or print scaling).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: applying a theme, formatting character spacing, inserting a picture, changing slide layout and theme colors, adding transitions, customizing slide numbers, changing chart style and/or formatting font).
Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors degree and at least 2 years of experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions; OR, High School Diploma/GED and 5 years of experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.
Masters degree or MBA.
Bachelors degree.
Retail Pharmacy Experience.
