An integrated approach to tax requires experienced professionals who push limits and question the status quo. As a member of the National Tax Technology (NTT) Team you will be on the cutting edge of integrating Technology and Tax. The team develops and deploys forward looking internal and go-to-market solutions that help RSM lead in the middle market.

NTT service offerings grow from tax planning ideas, marketplace needs, or technological innovations - all with the purpose of delivering results for our clients. In this role, you will work with organizations undergoing transformative change to develop and implement innovative solutions elevating how tax functions operate.

The Role:
As a Business Analyst, youll be tasked with creating documentation including requirements, user stories, acceptance criteria, feature description PowerPoint decks, user guides, process flows, wireframes and newsletters. Youll also be responsible for:
Assisting the Product Owner in leading, directing, and reviewing all activities associated with delivering technology products
Ability to work collaboratively with Tax Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and technical teams and project managers on development projects during all phases of software development life cycle
Responsible for conducting Design Thinking sessions to gain insights into end user needs, Manages the Product Backlog for a Product, working with the Product Owner to prioritize requirements, define and manage scope and sprints for a project
Provides operational support to tax practitioners. Configures SharePoint features in production and non-production environments. Engages with various teams to resolve problems as they arise
Maintain a solid knowledge base of the functional capabilities of and is a Subject Matter Expert on the various areas and tax technology products
Interface with clients to define and document requirements for a named set of custom developed or vendor software products
Required Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Business Administration, or relevant educational or professional experience
3+ years of related experience in related field. Tax industry experience is a plus
Accreditation such as BA Certification.
Experience in process design and process improvement experience
Advanced written, verbal analytical and communications skills required
Strong interpersonal and relationship skills
Basic client interaction skills
Ability to coordinate and work effectively with teammates, end-users and leadership
Ability to work in a virtual team environment
Ability to complete work in an acceptable timeframe and manage a variety of detailed tasks and responsibilities simultaneously and with accuracy to meet deadlines, goals, and objectives and satisfy internal and external customer needs related to the job
Familiarity with agile project methodology
Ability to write simple Microsoft SQL Server statements
Up to 10% travel required
Preferred Qualifications:
Working knowledge of analytics, data management, statistics, accounting, and computer applications
Knowledge and experience with tax compliance systems or financial systems
You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective.

Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood.

RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans.
