Job Description
RiverPoint Group is looking for a strong Healthcare Business Analyst experienced in EDI for a permanent position located in Rosemont, IL. Local candidates are only being considered at this time.
Sr IT Business Analyst - Healthcare insurance
IT Business Analyst - Healthcare Insurance vertical Contract with option for hire possibility Client is in healthcare insurance (EDI 834, 835, 837 etc.). Good experience with SQL queries needed Chicago (bordering O’Hare airport - Off Higgins)
SUMMARY
The Business Analyst enables change by working with our Business to define their needs and working with our Central Technology Services teams to recommend solutions.
The Business Analyst is responsible for collecting and documenting business requirements from various business teams and provides written functional requirements for various technology teams. This key role is the liaison between business teams and technology teams.
The primary responsibilities of this role include working with stakeholders to understand their business and technical requirements, building, and managing the product backlog, and successfully leading agile projects through their respective life cycles.
The Business Analyst must be comfortable managing and driving the requirements-gathering phase of technology projects.
The Business Analyst will also be needed to sometimes provide second-tier technology applications support and application reporting
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
7 years of prior experience as a Business Analyst or other IT role, such as support or development. BA BS in IT, statistics, computer science, mathematics, information management, business or a related field or equivalent experience.
Experience in writing SQL queries, joins etc.
Experience with EDI formats like 834, 835, 837
Skilled at defining and documenting business and functional requirements for ongoing system enhancement initiatives in agile software development environments.
Experience writing clear acceptance criteria to a testable level.
Experience leading or participating in all Agile meetings including sprint planning, sprint grooming, review, demo, stand-up, and retrospective sessions.
Experience in all phases of product, software, and testing lifecycles.
Microsoft Office experience Word for documentation, Excel for data handling, Visio for process explanation, PowerPoint for presentation and Outlook for email.
Firm understanding of relational databases, database structures and design, and data management.

#IND123
