Advocate Health Care, the largest health system in Illinois and one of the largest health care providers in the Midwest. Our Corporate Support & Operations Services are equally committed to advancing Advocate's goal of building lifelong relationships with patients by delivering the best health outcomes and highest level of service through an integrated approach to care and wellness.
Support Centers
Pharmacy
Diversion Analyst I
Downers Grove, IL (Remote Position)
Fulltime
Purpose:
Participate in the evaluation, planning, configuration, installation and maintenance of fairly complex system implementations to support the business needs of the organization and operating units. Provide support consulting services to ensure the maximization of new and existing investments and resolve fairly complex business problems.

Accountabilities:
Performs routine maintanence of pharmacy information system charge/billing files and other pharmacy related information systems (e.g. pharmnet, automated dispensing cabinets, etc). Provides analytical, technical and problem resolution services
Develops, implements and adheres to policies, procedures and standards
Provides business services to assigned facilities and system wide service lines
Develops staff
Maintains awareness of health care environment and information systems technology
Coordinates, plans and participates in projects.
Establishes and maintains positive customer relationships
The diversion analyst position requires a strong background in analytics and reporting.
Proficient in Excel, familiar with concepts such as functions, pivot tables, VLOOKUP, etc. because the role will require frequent use of large data sets and subsequent interpretation.
Experience building Epic reports, creating in Microsoft Power BI, or other similar platforms should highlight that skill in their application.
The diversion program is new and still in development, so must also be flexible as priorities change and components of the program are grown or enhanced. Initially the role will have a larger project emphasis, and transition to more regularly scheduled standing reporting and investigation expectations with time.
A background in inpatient pharmacy is desirable, although all pharmacy or patient care experience is valued. The position will require chart review as part of diversion investigations, so experience with reading Epic charts is valued.
Experience running and interpreting Pyxis, Omnicell, or other ADC report data is valued.
The candidate should be prepared and able to work remotely during onboarding due to COVID-19 safety measures, and potentially at least a portion of the time thereafter as guided by the organization’s forthcoming directives.
Strong communication skills and feel comfortable using virtual conferencing technologies from their home. The role will require building relationships remotely, so ability to network and connect with others virtually is essential.
Position Requirements:
Associates degree in Business or Computer Science or related field is a plus or equivalent experience (1~2 years) in Information Systems or pharmacy technician experience working in a hospital setting. Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills demonstrated technical, analytical, and problem solving abilities excellent tam player and customer service orientation. N/A Extensive travel to Advocate sites is required: and occasional out~of~town travel is required.24~hour/7 day a week on~call support is required.

About Advocate Health Care
Advocate Health Care, named among the nation’s Top 5 large health systems based on quality by Truven Analytics, is the largest health system in Illinois and one of the largest health care providers in the Midwest. Advocate operates more than 250 sites of care, including 12 hospitals that encompass 11 acute care hospitals, the state’s largest integrated children’s network, the state’s largest emergency and Level I trauma network, one of the area’s largest home health care companies, and the region’s largest medical group. Advocate Health Care has 4 teaching hospitals and is a not-for-profit, mission-based health system affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the United Church of Christ.
