Position Summary:
The Technical Business Analyst is responsible for the development of functional and non-functional business requirements by working closely with the Trionfo team members to understand business strategy and translate into platform requirements. This position must understand business and technology needs in order to analyze, design, build, implement, and maintain IT solutions and processes in a well-organized documented manner.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop and analyze functional specifications in order to provide advice and technical training.
Design efficient IT systems to meet business and technology needs, as well as make recommendations for process improvements through data analysis.
Coordinate with developers to build and implement technology solutions.
Integrate multiple systems and reconcile needs of different teams.
Gather feedback from end users about system performance.
Develop, implement, and maintain elements of systems design, including business process documentation, workflow charts, diagrams, data migration rules, business rules, wireframes, and other detailed deliverables including integration documentation.
Responsible for documenting and maintaining quality meeting data.
Assist with defining assessment and implementation methodology and deliverables for client delivery.
Supporting production-related issues reported by client and CSR team.
Understand issues and help resolve them through data analysis, technical research, and team collaboration on complex issues.
Publish weekly release notes for delivery to internal and external stakeholders.
Keep job-related reporting Standard Operating Procedures up-to-date and accurate.
Define innovative technology solutions to further automate processes and workflows.
Assist with connecting processes and overcoming internal silos, as well as identify controls necessary to ensure long-term system stability.
Create various plans and strategy in a well-documented format for clients.
Understand platform strategy and direction.
Be able to quickly learn and adapt to company tools and resources.
Identify process, system, and data gaps and pain points both within and across operational workflows.
Write clear requirements and creating data models, process diagrams, and design wireframes that will further support the business’ needs.
Participate in pre-scheduled after-hours support of weekly on-call rotation and/or as a team member supporting special projects or releases.
Present business documentation, creative work, and proposed solutions to clients in a comprehensive and effective manner.
Conduct training sessions to our clients in order to improve and enhance their knowledge of our platforms.
Responsibilities and tasks outlined in this document are not exhaustive and may change as determined by the needs of the company.
Teleworking may be required based on business needs. Must adhere to Trionfo’s Teleworking Policy by demonstrating fundamental controls and practices in protecting Trionfo’s information/assets required by candidate to complete job duties at remote location as specified in policy.
Education, Experience, and Other Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in Information Services, Business Administration, Computer Science, or related field.
3+ years experience in IT in a business environment.
Experience with SQL, Diagramming tools (e.g. Visio), and Productivity tools (e.g. Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Understanding of system/API and data integration concepts, a plus.
Understanding of the Insurance Business from the IT side, a plus.
Business process management and modeling.
Self-starter, creative, and thrives under limited supervision.
Works well under pressure.
Rock star organization skills – you pay attention to the details that others might overlook.
Exceptional oral and written communication skills.
Strong presentation skills and experience explaining technical concepts to clients are crucial in this role.
Ability to deal with rapidly shifting priorities.
A calm and focused approach to high-pressure situations.
The ability to be receptive and action-oriented in response to constructive feedback.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship.
What We Offer:
Competitive base salary
Benefits package including health, dental, and vision
Generous paid time off policy
Premium 401(k) investment plan with company match, vested immediately
Casual dress code
Complimentary office snacks and beverages
Free parking
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Application Question:
Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (for example, H1B visa status)?
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
Company's website:
www.trionfo.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
