THIS IS NOT A TECHNICAL ROLE

Who we are.


For 20 years, our mission has been to increase the presence and accessibility of natural and organic products to encourage healthier and more vibrant living. By leveraging SPINS' industry-leading proprietary data and analytics, our technology enables deeper, more engaged relationships between Retailers, Brands and Consumers through our platform, web, and mobile products. At the core of our work lies a passion to create a culture of sustainable health & wellness.

The Attribute Data Analyst contributes to the development of attributes, enabling SPINS customers to meet business objectives. SPINS is a wellness-focused data technology company and is committed to providing dynamic data and actionable insights to the retail and CPG industry to contribute to a healthier and more vibrant community. The Attribute Data Analyst simplifies product data into relevant characteristics and attributes that power SPINS Product Intelligence solutions and products. This role is an excellent entry point for exposure to the world of big data for health and wellness CPG.

The Attribute Data Analyst will use a variety of product information from diverse sources in order to synthesize data. This person will have expertise in market trends and have strong data-driven analytical skills. The Attribute Data Analyst will develop and maintain data structure and product databases, generating data deliverables under quality procedures, industry and regulatory standards.

They will interact with a variety of cross-functional teams including customer support, data generation, product fact teams and others. This person should be driven, inquisitive, and agile with a strong business sense while being data-driven, technology curious, and have a passion for health and wellness.

What You Will Do
Analyze and synthesize UPC product information in order to develop attribute characteristics from a variety of product and data sources, including but not limited to third party data, images, SPINS business intelligence tools, and Product Intelligence databases
Develop and maintain attribute classifications based on provided framework and direction, maintaining SPINS Product Intelligence databases with up-to-date product content
Assist and participate in development and implementation of SOPs for attribute, UPC, and other Product Intelligence data definitions and processes.
Use simple coding language, data and insights to recommend and implement improvements to attribute development processes.
Build data taxonomies and data structure rules to develop new attributes according to industry, regulatory and/or client requirements, under the guidance of managers and product management.
Identify key themes and/or trends by monitoring and researching trends and industry matters to gain understanding of industry and integrate findings into attribute recommendations.
Foster and maintain relationships with cross-functional teams to manage and execute projects that improve SPINS UPC attribute offering, ensuring Product Intelligence needs are represented and deadlines are observed
Collaborate with internal and external clients to resolve customer data issues
Occasionally support the Marketing, Commercial, and Product Intelligence teams through training and subject matter expertise of the Product Intelligence portfolio or offering additional support.
Occasionally participate in communications with audiences directly through articles, webinars, and customer engagements
Explore, participate in and support ad hoc data and other business initiatives as needed, performing product and data analysis outside of standard framework
Generate and communicate status on assigned tasks and projects
What You Bring

While your talent and experience matters most, we have to mention these qualifications matter to us:
Bachelor's degree, preferably in business or a science-related field
Ability to work independently as well as part of a cross-functional team
Self-motivated; able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment under pressure, adhering to deadlines
Adept at learning new technologies and business functions, working proactively to problem solve and take initiative
Familiarity with excel, file editor, relational databases, and/or other data management tools
Ability to analyze raw volumes of data to perform trend analysis or other insights
Desire to understand and interpret simple coding language, database infrastructure, and data structure
We're even more impressed if you bring along your:
Minimum 1-2 years' experience in related field
Exposure to retail or consumer packaged goods data
Experience in data management or data operations
Experience/familiarity in food, dietary supplements, and/or personal care product labeling/regulatory knowledge
Familiarity with power BI and business intelligence data applications
The SPINS Way
Direct – We communicate with clarity, honesty and respect in all situations and embrace opportunities to provide solution-oriented feedback.
Determined – We are committed to overcoming all obstacles to achieve results. We adapt to change, seek opportunities to learn and rapidly translate that learning into action.
Passionate – We go above and beyond to help our partners achieve their goals. We challenge assumptions and are comfortable forging new paths.
Collaborative – We leave our egos at the door, believing that working together we will produce an outcome that's greater than each individual contribution.
Why SPINS?


If we haven't convinced you to join us yet, this just might! Sure we have a great benefit program but SPINS also offers its team members:
Company subsidized commuter transit program
Gym, bike storage and showers onsite
Fresh and healthy snacks daily
Vibrancy 360 Wellness Program: Free yoga and fitness classes, onsite massage, volunteer opportunities, client product demos, outings, and more.
