Position Summary

Rexnord Industries, LLC, a leading supplier in the Aerospace industry, is seeking the services of a skilled IT Business Systems Analyst at our Downers Grove, IL site. This position will provide technical and process support for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV ERP system and maintain and develop applications. This position will also manage IT controls and audit segregation of duties. This is a great opportunity for a technical individual to be the "Go To Person" for system support and improvements in an aerospace manufacturing environment.

The IT Business Systems Analyst will solicit, understand, and document business requirements, processes and workflows developing both written and visual depictions of requirements and process flows. This position will also work with developers to create the functional specifications that meet those requirements, serve as subject matter expert to the developers building those functions, and work with the team to test the developed functionality. This role works close with other BAs, Developers, Testers, and Production Support through each stage of the software development lifecycle and also demonstrates both existing and new functionality to the customer stakeholders.

This position requires an experienced analyst who can partner effectively with all levels of the organization, lead others, drive results, proactively identify and resolve problems, and make challenging decisions. This position will support existing operations while planning and leading the migration to industry leading solutions and processes to enable the creation of a world-class Aerospace Manufacturing/Operations environment.

Responsibilities
Provides first level support for users of the Microsoft Dynamics/NAV ERP application.
Coordinates security access to all applications and maintains physical security on all IT hardware assets.
Performs periodic audits to verify that system access supports proper segregation of duties. Manages IT controls and segregation of duties process.
Provides user support and development for reporting in the Business Objects data warehouse.
Provides basic development of reports and pages in NAV.
Provide functional/technical leadership to the Manufacturing/Operations function, overseeing the migration of legacy solutions to industry leading solutions.
Serve as subject matter expert for business solutions/processes supporting the manufacturing function, including enterprise manufacturing, manufacturing executions systems, and automation.
Elicit and define business requirements by engaging and interviewing stakeholders within the business.
Define, map and analyze business processes and design technology solutions to enhance business operations around industry best practices. Analyze business "to-be", inspect "as-is" and perform gap analysis to develop recommendations to achieve objectives.
Understand and make recommendations on technical software design and specifications.
Leadership Competencies
Manages Complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.
Cultivates Innovation - Planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals.
Drives Results - Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.
Tech Savvy - Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications

Experience and Skill Required
This position requires the applicant to be a US Person with an US permanent residence. A US Person is a US Citizen or Green card holder.
A 4-year degree in Information Technology combined with 3 or more years of relevant experience. In lieu of a degree, 5 or more years of relevant experience.
Knowledge of manufacturing business practices.
Excellent computer skills necessary in Microsoft Office Suite.
Provide detail analysis of information and requirements.
Experienced documenting business requirements for creating technical specifications.
Programming experience in a .Net environment, including NAV.
Experience with data warehouse reporting.
Prior experience in managing IT controls and security.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong interpersonal skills with ability to handle difficult situations.
Excellent time management and organizational skills, with the ability to multitask and prioritize.
Keen attention to detail, with a commitment to follow through and follow-up.
Must be able to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical audiences and interact with all types of contacts including technology, business, and management.
Must be a self-starter with the ability to work independently and in a collaborative team environment.
The Company

Headquartered in Milwaukee, Rexnord is a concentrated multiplatform industrial leader with exceptional and trusted brands that serve a diverse array of global end markets. Every day approximately 7,000 associates across the globe work to deliver smarter solutions to our customers and create long-term value for our shareholders. Simply put, we advance the efficient use of resources by Solving Smarter.

Business Unit

Rexnord Aerospace supplies high performance spherical and cylindrical bearings, mechanical seals, gears and electrical components to commercial air transport markets. Our products are engineered to meet stringent requirements and are specified in engine systems, flight control systems, landing gear systems and airframe structures. Our global customer base includes major engine and airframe OEMs, tier suppliers and aircraft operators.

Total Rewards and Benefits
Competitive Salary & Variable Incentive Compensation Plan (position specific)
Medical, Dental, Vision, STD, LTD, AD&D, and Life Insurance
Discretionary Personal Retirement Account
Matching 401(k) Contribution
Health Savings Account
Educational Reimbursement
Matching Gift Program
Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
