Job Description
Summary:

The IT Business Analyst position is responsible for developing a detailed understanding of business process and functional needs, conducting industry-based research and data analysis, and determining options and alternatives for technology solutions to meet those business needs. Additionally, this position is expected to be the advocate for the best user experience design possible for all technology solutions proposed for meeting those business needs.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Conduct analysis of business and user needs, documentation of requirements, and translation into functional system requirements.
Perform market, data, technical, and technology option analysis and recommendations.
Create relevant documentation, including but not limited to, user stories/use cases, wireframes, screen mockups, process flow documents, and data flow diagrams.
Interface with stakeholders to ensure buy-in to the functional and user design of the systems before and during development.
Develop, define, & build technology business cases that will enable business and technology change.
Evaluate research and recommend technology solutions/processes to improve business decision-making, with a focus on the firm’s core systems, technology strategies and standards.
Work hand-in-hand with both business functional specialists (Knowledge Management, Accounting, Marketing, etc.) and technical development teams to formulate functional requirements and specifications.
Coordinate with Application Development team members, vendors and Project Managers, as appropriate, to review the proposed solution and design to ensure that the requirements are met.
Work with the QA group to review test plans and ensure requirements are covered.
Evaluate solutions to ensure they have high scores on usability and user experience design.
Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, related field or equivalent experience.
A minimum of 2 years of experience in business analysis / requirements management for a product or system.
Demonstrated skill managing small to medium-size projects.
Proficient in mapping of business processes to user and functional needs.
Working knowledge of business processes, system development, process improvements and change management.
Experience with the full software development life cycle.
Preferred:
Experience in Knowledge Management systems
Background in Project Management.
Experience with User Experience Design or in a previous User Experience role.
Other Skills and Abilities:
Strong organizational skills
Strong attention to detail
Good judgment
Strong interpersonal communication skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Able to work harmoniously and effectively with others
Able to preserve confidentiality and exercise discretion
Able to work under pressure
Able to manage multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities
A self-starter who desires to show ownership and commitment to the job
Powered by JazzHR

9YrbvpO8sP
