Company SDI Presence LLC is an IT managed services provider (MSP) and consultancy that leverages its strong team presence to advance our clients to a secure digital enterprise. With a 20-year corporate resume, SDI delivers strategic managed services, IT consulting, and hybrid infrastructure solutions to optimize our clientsrsquo technology environments. SDI is a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), with a portfolio of clients that includes some of the nationrsquos largest airports, utilities, commercial real estate portfolios, and government agencies. SDI delivers a deep technical presence through a local delivery model to achieve customer confidence and success. Visit us at www.sdipresence.com and connect with us on Twitter and Instagram. Summary The Business Analyst will work on providing requirements for an Oracle CCB CIS System at a large utility client. This work will be performed under the direct supervision of the Project Executive or Project Lead. The Business Analyst will work with other SMEs to develop and document the current state and proposed solution. This individual will also assist with ensuring that deliverables meet client standards and expectations. The successful candidate may work on multiple projects simultaneously and be a team player. Responsibilities Participate in workshops, design as-is flows, designed to-be flows, gather requirements (through customer interviews, JAD sessions and review of project artifacts), ensure requirements align, perform a fit-gap analysis, and conduct a RICEF inventory (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Enhancements, Forms) Develop new process documentation Develop and or update user and system documentation Create and present reports or presentations as requested by the Project Executive or Project Lead Requirements Business Analyst with 3-5 years of experience working directly with the Oracle Customer Care Billing package (no specific module ndash generalist) Experience in Utilities industry (gaselectric) Experience in consulting, requirements gathering and solution design using Oracle CCB Experience in functional testing of different business processes in Oracle CCB Experience in writing designs in various functional areas ndash such as Billing Cancel rebill Credit and collections Rates Service Order Manager Strong analytical skills required. Should be able to understand end-to-end billing-related process flows within CCB and to either solve directly or document and escalate any issues that are discovered. General consulting experience ndash assisting with running workshops defining requirements and mapping processes Possess strong oral and written communication skills to assist with presentations Strong skills in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio and Project) Agile experience a plus Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
