CF Industries is a global leader in transforming natural gas into nitrogen. The chemical processes we use ensure we have the nitrogen we need to support life on earth - from fertilizer that feeds the crops that feed the world to products that remove harmful emissions from industrial activities. Through our nine world-class manufacturing complexes and best-in-class distribution system, we serve agricultural and industrial customers. We invite you to be a part of our nearly 3,000 employees making a difference every day.

Department:

AK0100AA3 Procure & Matrl Ctrl - DF & DE, Exempt

Function:

Job Summary:

The Procurement Analyst is a highly visible role that works closely with procurement peers, key business stakeholders and shared services. The Procurement Analyst will support strategic initiatives centered on market research, data governance, contract management, supplier performance management, and general procurement operational performance metrics. This role should provide general and specific analytics of procurement related functions as well as KPI and operational reporting. This position will support the analysis of new and existing business spend with suppliers across all categories, while continually focusing on improving current policies and procedures. Position will work out of our corporate office global headquarters in Chicago, IL.

Job Description:

Job Responsibilities:

Strategic Accountabilities:
Conduct and support industry-, supply market intelligence-, supplier segmentation research and analysis, delivering information packs to provide market intelligence in support of other Procurement team members, category leads and as directed.
Deliver meaningful data analytics, insight reports and dashboards to improve understanding and management of spend and uncover saving opportunities
Support governance compliance with CF procurement and supply chain policies, processes and procedures.
Identifies and develops key vendor relationships supporting the business needs; vets business requirements, sources vendors and manages ongoing relationships.
Supports procurement to deliver to the long term and annual goals of the procurement function in alignment with the business and site-specific plans.
Leads strategies and processes for maintenance of supplier master data.
Supports the development and execution of the risk management plan that addresses key risks in contract management, supply, supplier management and procurement processes.
Implements and executes sourcing strategies, leads request for proposal process, completes supplier negotiations and manages contracts.
Operational Accountabilities:
Collate and manage spend data ensuring it is cleansed and categorized for spend analysis;
Ensure the accuracy of content to ensure visibility of progress against procurement KPI`s
Overall responsibility in reporting group performance metrics such as supplier on time performance, inventory usage, reliability, cost savings, and material control.
Compiles research data from spend reports, internal surveys, supplier consolidation, and pricing inquiries to provide actionable results to enhance current projects and programs
Review reporting processes and methods to refine and improve the data and report messaging; suggests improvements for standardization and optimization in procurement processes.
Acts as the procurement subject matter expert for corporate and distribution facilities; responsible for preparing, negotiating, and managing agreements and purchase orders with a wide variety of goods and services suppliers.
Ensures and initiates implementation of all procurement related policies, practices and process improvements.
Leads the sourcing process including issuing requests for proposals, supplier quotations, develops proposal recommendations, negotiating the final contract and creating and executing supplier transition plans.
Issues contract releases and purchase orders and expedite materials and services as needed; understands supplier lead times and impact on delivery and operations. Manages the administration of the supply base to include: introduction and system set-up of new suppliers, supplier performance, managing insurance requirements and ensuring required training is completed.
Update and manage key supplier spend, metrics, and insurance information on third-party cloud solution providers such as ISNetworld and LUPR.
Successful incumbents will have:
Bachelors Degree required preferably in Business, Supply Chain, Engineering or other related disciplines.
Excellent inter-personal skills, organization skills, strong analytical ability and knowledge of data entry standards and principles.
Three (3) or more years of experience in procurement, supply chain, engineering or other commercial experience.
Knowledge of SAP, Ariba and other ERP/MRP procurement systems.
Proven ability to facilitate strategic supplier relationships and work with senior procurement
Advanced knowledge of Excel, Access, Project and other Microsoft office productivity tools.
Knowledge of Visual Basic, data analysis techniques and reporting tools/suites a plus.
Ability to simplify and standardize complex concepts and/or processes.
Knowledge of good procurement practices including negotiation, demand management, supplier qualification, sourcing, and contract, risk and supplier performance management.
Experience in heavy industrial environment, knowledge of chemical manufacturing and major capital projects desired but not essential.
Position Scope/Contribution:

The Procurement Analyst supports the procure-to-pay process for the corporate and distribution facilities locations. In addition, this role will support process improvement activities and help drive change throughout the organization.

The site expenditures are approximately $50 million relating to the acquisition of material, repairs, operating supplies, services and other areas of spending including corporate spend (travel, IT, HR).
CF Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
Employees in the US can learn more about their rights by viewing the federal "EEO is the Law" poster (PDF) and others as detailed below:
Pay Transparency

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html.

FMLA:

https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf

Employee Polygraph Protection Act

https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf
Employees in Canada can learn more about their rights by viewing the Canadian Human Rights Act.
If you need any assistance seeking a job opportunity at CF Industries, or if you need reasonable accommodation with the application process, please call 847-405-2400 or contact us at cfhire@cfindustries.com.

JOIN OUR TALENT NETWORK
