As a Business Systems Analyst, you will serve as the technical subject matter and quality expert while providing guidance to cross-functional teams and internal business partners in order to effectively deliver technology initiatives and ensuring both quality and objectives are met throughout various assigned projects. Each day will be unique, requiring an ability to prioritize, multitask, think strategically, take initiative, and employ a diverse set of skills. Above all, you’ll have a direct hand in delivering tools that enable your business partners to be most successful in driving the organization forward and meeting their day-to-day goals.

WHO YOU ARE
Knowledgeable. Your background includes a combination of business, QA and information technology, which you’ve built through both educational and professional experiences. You’re comfortable with information gathering, data collection, and data analysis, in addition to problem-solving with a customer focus in mind. You also have a strong command in designing and maintaining automated and manual test plans. Without a doubt, you’ve got strong analytical and QA skills and you know how to apply them accordingly across a variety of data-related activities.
Technologically Savvy. You’re comfortable working with relational database concepts and have a knack for quickly mastering new software. You are also experienced in testing with automation tools and testing suites. In other words, technology is one of your closest friends!
Business Liaison. When it comes to integrating business process with systems you enjoy being the conduit with your business partners to lead the project execution and train affected users. You work closely with business partners to gather needs systematically, review viable solutions, test new functionality along the way, and track post-implementation results. Data helps you schedule work, implement agreed-upon changes, and complete assigned projects timely.
Problem Solver. Your previous experience has increased your understanding of data relationships, which has influenced your ability to identify relevant trends and effectively summarize possible solutions. As a result, you are often the go-to when it comes to translating business needs into functional and technical requirements for development staff.
Strong Communicator. Your writing and speaking skills are clear, articulate, and effective, demonstrating your ability to interact with all levels and various teams within the organization and be understood. In addition, you’re skilled in compiling and delivering presentations that help to coordinate efforts between business partners and IT. By delivering clear communication, you help to ensure that projects stay on time, deliverables meet budget, and key stakeholders are aware of project statuses.
Organized, Efficient, and Accountable. You multitask well, re-prioritize accordingly, and meet deadlines consistently. You have a keen eye for detail and pride yourself on delivering quality work. Above all, you are flexible and able to juggle the needs of changing priorities of the business. In other words, you handle pressure well and do so with confidence!
Passionate. Motivated. Eager to Learn. You are resourceful, ask smart questions, challenge the status quo, and regularly seek to understand. You invest extra energy to reach your goals. And when a special project arises, you volunteer!
Maintain confidentiality. The ability to work with confidential information, while using discretion, is crucial to this position.
WHAT YOU’LL DO
Analyze and document functional and technical requirements for projects and software customizations or configurations, and you will work hand in hand with the development team to translate requirements into deliverables.
Data mapping and gap analysis for new software integrations and configurations
Implement and manage standard testing procedures for system changes, which will include creating, reviewing, executing, automating, and tracking test plans and results. You will also be responsible for validating testing procedures to ensure they meet both business and technical requirements.
Write SQL statements and assess database stored procedures in order to analyze and compare datasets, looking for trends, issues, or areas for improvement
Participate in acquisition activities as new properties are folded into the Equity Residential portfolio. This includes gathering, formatting, loading, and auditing acquired business data.
Provide assistance to IT Support team by reviewing issues reported from end users, determining and reconciling discrepancies, solving for the root cause of errors, and establishing procedures to correct them.
PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE & REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree required, with an emphasis in business or information technology preferred; 3+ years relevant business analysis and/or quality control work experience required.
Strong analytical skills and problem-solving capabilities, as well as QA process management experience.
Solid experience with all phases of software testing required, including test planning, functional testing, and regression testing. Must demonstrate proficiency with utilizing solution lifecycle and testing methodologies.
Experience testing all layers of a web application — including front-end, service layer, and back-end testing, as well as experience testing mobile applications (native, hybrid and mobile web apps).
Demonstrated proficiency with Browserstack, Azure DevOps, Microsoft App Center, Selenium, Appium, Telerik Test Studio, QuickBase, ServiceNow preferred. Experience with Property Management Software solutions is also preferred — specifically multifamily product offerings such as MRI.
Proven strong work ethic, ability to make decisions, and adaptable to changing priorities in a fast-paced environment, without sacrificing quality of work product. Detail-oriented and well-organized, with an exceptional ability to multitask.
Team player who demonstrates flexibility and the ability to integrate and work well with others.
Strong communication and presentation skills – able to speak and write in a clear and articulate manner.
Motivation to succeed with the capacity to assume increasing responsibility.
