Purpose

At Grainger, we are building systems that will extend our market leadership for another 90 years. While lots of companies talk about “digital revolutions” or “delightful experiences”, we’re focusing on building the stuff that matters. Our expertise is borne of a profound understanding of our customer and their needs and how our products and services do and should create value for them. It’s borne of sweat and toil and dealing with complexity and scale problems that few companies are privileged enough to enjoy. We are looking for exceptional Sr. Engineering Business Analysts to help guide and chart a course for Grainger’s engineering and application development so that Grainger continues to be the destination for “the ones that get it done”.
The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst has the responsibility of being very deep in our technology project and product work and being a key team member who knows all aspects. The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst is aligned to our most complex and challenging projects and brings a seasoned view and high value insights to our engineering teams. The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst may be involved in multiple technology projects at a time and will need excellent technical and organizational skills to ensure projects are being completed on time and at the highest of quality. They work with Grainger’s software engineers and portfolio managers and their main responsibility is writing stories that will then be executed on by the engineering team.

The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst must have a blend of business and technical acumen as they must understand the business cases and requirements and then help to analyze and solicit requirements. Using the requirements, the Sr. Engineering Business Analyst must make technical documentation and write stories for the engineering team to use. Throughout the lifecycle of a project, the Sr. Engineering Business Analyst may develop data models and process flows, facilitate implementation through training, update cost estimates and timelines, and assist with testing and change management. The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst will be liaising with multiple stakeholders during a project – mainly engineering, but also portfolio management, quality, finance, product, and operations. They serve as the technical glue holding project or product work together. As the most senior Business Analyst role at Grainger, the Sr. Engineering Business Analyst will also have responsibilities for guiding and mentoring more junior Business Analysts. They will be expected to share their skills and assist more junior business analysts on their projects as needed.

The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst will have strong technical and analytical skills as well as strong interpersonal and effective communication skills. They will have strong curiosity and an ability to drive insights from data – synthesizing not only what is happening by why it is happening. The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst be a team player with the ability to work across and with many team members in various functions and levels. They should have prior experience as an Engineering Business Analyst and be ready to take the next step in their career as a leader. They also should have a strong focus on process improvement and have the ability to complete diagnostics at the end of a project to ensure we are continually doing our work more efficient and effectively. The Sr. Engineering Business Analyst must display fine attention to detail and also be able to see the bigger picture and guide our engineering teams to success.

Responsibilities:
Works on the most complex technical projects and products at Grainger – including multiple projects in parallel.
User Stories – Writes stories and ensures integrity of stories across projects.
Writes and validates acceptance criteria within area of expertise. Grooms and maintains user stories.
May define, perform and document functional configurations
Develops and maintains a deep understanding of business processes and operations. Possesses a strong contextual understanding of how several key areas of the business operate (i.e. Supply Chain, Marketing, Finance, MSM, etc.)
As required, facilitates requirements gathering sessions to aid business partners in properly exposing and articulating their needs.
Completes impact analysis for complex projects and products
Conducts industry and internal research and analysis and applies best practices to Grainger
Enables effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable format; Has an opinion on the correct decisions and is able to influence the engineering team
Creates artifacts, reports, and data driven recommendations that are easily digestible by business and technology partners.
Prepares and delivers business requirements reviews to the senior management team regarding progress and roadblocks.
Helps lead strategic and tactical planning discussions.
Designs, develops and maintains scaled, automated, user-friendly systems, reports, dashboards, etc. that will support our business needs.
Mentors other Engineering Business Analysts
Qualifications:
BA/BS in Business, Computer Science, Finance or related field preferred
7-10+ years of relevant work experience in a role requiring application of analytical skills in a business analyst, data analyst or statistical analyst role
Deep technical expertise in IT systems, workflows, and data structures
Strong analytical skills and ability to synthesize multiple types and sources of information into action.
Strong verbal, written communication and data presentation skills – including an ability to work with senior business and technical stakeholders
Stakeholder management skills and the ability to push back respectfully to get projects completed
Self-starter – show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete data
Previous experience managing large bodies of work in a complex enterprise environment preferred
Ability to grasp technical concepts quickly
Excellent communication and conflict resolution skills.
Experience operating in an agile context
“Grainger is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or protected veteran status.”

Apply Now
