AST was founded on one simple thought, put our people and our customers first and you can never lose. We are strategic contributors, partnering with forward-thinking organizations to pursue leading-edge digital transformation, process reengineering, and technology solutions.

If you're someone with energy, drive, and creativity, this just might be the place for you!

Currently, we are looking for a talented Marketing Analyst to join our team! This is a full-time position, based out of our headquarters, in the Chicago suburbs.

What you'll do:

Drive top-of-the-funnel activity and generate leads through the following activities:
Create brand-appropriate content (draft, collaborate, proofread, and publish) including, but not limited to, case studies, data sheets, press releases, white papers, web pages, videos and social media.
Support and run campaigns in coordination with sales and technical teams.
Support event management for customer- and partner-facing events, including trade shows, seminars, and other promotional events.
Develop booklets or placemats for client presentations during the bid process, working closely with pre-sales and project teams to streamline messaging and visual representation of qualifications.
Proofread various documents (technical and promotional) to ensure they are in keeping with the overall AST voice and publication standards.
What you bring:
Ability to work closely with all levels of the organization, including remote teams and offshore, to achieve business objectives on time and within budget
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
Expert organization and planning skills
Strong attention to detail
Advanced Microsoft Office skills in PPT, Word, Excel, and Publisher
Pardot (or other marketing automation tools)
Salesforce campaign management
Knowledge of Office 365 and SharePoint functions
Degree in Marketing, Communications or related
2-4 years Marketing experience
Please be able to provide samples or a portfolio of your work.
A love for what you do!
What we bring: AT AST, we know our people are the key to our success and that means having happy and healthy employees. The pros of working at AST extend well beyond your paycheck. As an employee, you will have access to ASTs Total Rewards program. We offer medical, dental, and vision benefits, with plans to suit you and your familys needs, as well as retirement, disability, and life insurance. We also offer additional benefits, such as commuter benefits, legal insurance, pet insurance, sabbatical leave, education reimbursement, parental leave, and much more.

Our Culture: At AST, people make the difference. Weve discovered over our 25 years in business, the more we invest in our talent, the greater the return. We foster a culture of trust, ownership, and innovation at every level of the organization. All doors are open and everyones ideas matter, giving our people the ability to quickly understand our customers needs and translate those needs into action. While we celebrate individual wins, we always strive for shared success. We are One AST.

Powered by JazzHR
