Description
At Exelon, we've got a place for you!

Join the nation's leading competitive energy provider, with one of the largest electricity generation portfolios and retail customer bases in the country. You will be part of a family of companies that strives for the highest standards of power generation, competitive energy sales, and energy delivery. Our team of outstanding professionals is focused on performance, thought leadership, innovation, and the power of ideas that come from a diverse and inclusive workforce.

Exelon will provide you the tools and resources you need to design, build and enhance a successful career. We are also dedicated to motivating the success of our employees through competitive base salary, incentives, and health and retirement benefits.

Join Exelon and share your passion at a forward-thinking Fortune 100 company. Establish yourself in a place where you can truly shine and create a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow. Energize your career at Exelon!
PRIMARY PURPOSE OF POSITION

Actively participates in the accurate planning, reporting and analysis functions. This position will also be utilized to adequately fulfill ad hoc requests from various internal and external sources to support decision-making. This includes providing direct input and support to directors, department heads, and line personnel in assigned area.
PRIMARY DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES

1 Prepare the month-end, quarterly and full-year forecast/reports, including: reporting packages (Executives, Internal, other business units), monthly financial close package, monthly scorecard and financial performance indicators, quarterly management meeting presentation, Board of Directors meeting presentation, ensuring that capital and EBIT forecasts are properly reflected in planning tools. And working with financial system team to mitigate/resolve forecasting and planning concerns

2 Assist in preparation of various reports and data requests and answers ad-hoc requests for internal and external reporting customers. Routinely communicate actual performance compared to budget/plan/goals

3 Functioning as a member of Exelon finance Team with responsibilities for ensuring a financial perspective is brought to daily operations, proper classification (O&M vs Capital) and treatment is followed, and compliance with all managerial policies.

4 Liaison to business units to ensure efficiency and effectiveness of information exchange

5 Participates in the annual budgeting process and assist in updating long-range and budget planning models.

Qualifications
POSITION SPECIFICATIONS

4-year degree in financial related field and 2 to 5 years relevant experience.
MBA/CPA Preferred
Analytical understanding of finance and accounting
Effective written skills

Thorough computer base analytical skills (Microsoft Office)
DISCLAIMER

The preceding position description is intended to provide the general nature and level of work to be performed by employees within this classification. It is not intended to be a detailed description of the position or a comprehensive listing of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position, nor is it intended to indicate the exact amounts of time an individual will perform various position duties.

Exelon is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and employees or applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.
VEVRAA Federal Contractor

EEO is the Law Poster: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm
