Job Description
Are you ready to make a difference?

School Specialty is dedicated to changing education for the better. That means working closely with educators, sharing experience, and traveling into unchartered territories together. Are you ready to join us on the journey?

School Specialty is looking for experienced Business Analysts that have a strong BA background with complimentary technical skills. The primary focus to provide high-level support and maintenance of applications as well as deliver the highest quality software implementation for enhancement/projects while working with cross functional Delivery teams, product owners and IT resources. Work with both waterfall and agile methodologies. The Business Analyst II position is part of a larger Delivery Team.

Summary of Essential Job Functions:
Work as part of a Delivery team, building trust with the business to achieve organizational, internal and external customer goals.
Mentor junior staff on agile methodologies, delivery techniques, and process improvement opportunities.
When needed play multiple roles on delivery team for a project such as Scrum Master or QA.
Facilitate requirements elicitation sessions and walkthroughs with business stakeholders and Program Management teams.
Monitor ticket queue following the intake’ process with regards to KPI standards, priority, escalation, triage and resolution.
Support the weekly on call standard process and affective monitoring. Be available support and follow the standard process/escalation process.
Work closely with team members during the development process to continually test changes to ensure necessary requirements are being met.
Document technical and business processes for support team members. Always being mindful of opportunities to improve processes.
Work closely with the enterprise architect, developer, Program Management team to ensure alignment of plans with what is being delivered.
Become a thought leader in current business processes and software to be a valued team member and provide insight on possible improvements.
Minimum Experience
Bachelor’s degree / equivalent work experience
5 years of progressive analyst and support experience in a varied background of enterprise systems such as ERP, e-commerce, WMS, SalesForce, or custom software.
2 years experience working in a delivery team environment that includes support/maintenance, enhancement and/or project activities.
All candidates must apply online at www.schoolspecialty.com/careers
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
School Specialty, Inc. is a Drug Free Workplace. All applicants are subject to a drug screen and background check as a condition of employment.
EEO/AA including Vets and Disabled
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at Opportunities@SchoolSpecialty.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information
