Marketing Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158
Our customer promise is worth bragging about. Use your marketing and advertising expertise to spread the word and grow our business.
Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Execute direct marketing campaigns for Uline's catalog initiatives.
Audit and review direct marketing campaigns and customer performance trends.
Write insightful and concise summaries of customer trends and performance for executive management.
Improve department reporting procedures and accuracy through query optimization.
Support all aspects of Uline’s Catalog Marketing Team across planning, production and performance assessment.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
5 to 10 years direct marketing experience.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.
Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.
About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP
