This position is responsible for preparing management reporting and analysis, supporting planning, budgeting and forecasting processes, and providing financial and analytical support for strategic projects and initiatives.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Supports the development of AZEK’s monthly forecasts, annual budget, capital and long range plans.
Prepares management reporting and dashboards encompassing the P&L, balance sheet and cash flow with proactive analysis and commentary on business performance.
Works closely with AZEK business units to understand and communicate key issues, risks and opportunities, underlying planning assumptions, and overall performance objectives.
Creates dynamic financial models to evaluate business scenarios and support business decisions.
Provides financial support to strategic projects, key initiatives and process improvement teams.
Participates in continuous improvement efforts in the processes and tools used in planning, reporting and analysis activities.
Performs critical analysis for Leadership Team and Board of Directors presentations.
Supports the financial close process.
Completes ad hoc analysis as requested.
POSITION QUALIFICATIONS

Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance or Economics.

Experience: One to three years of experience in financial analysis or planning roles.

Computer Skills: Strong financial systems skills with advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office applications. Strong Excel skills in data compilation and aggregation (e.g., pivot tables, v-lookup).

Other Requirements: Strong analytical, problem solving and financial modeling skills. Knowledge of accounting principles, theories and practical applications. Works well in a team environment and demonstrates the ability to interact with various professional levels within the organization. Exceptional verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills and ability to communicate complex business issues in a clear and concise manner. Ability to effectively manage and prioritize multiple work assignments simultaneously. Ability to manage ambiguity and develop perspective in a dynamic and fast paced environment. Action oriented with a strong drive for results.
