Please make sure to read the job posting in its entirety as it reflects both the University roles and responsibilities, followed by the specific description.
Department
2012211 Medicine-Infectious Diseases
About the Unit
The Chicago Center for HIV Elimination (CCHE) is situated within the Biological Sciences Division at the University of Chicago Medicine. CCHE aims to eliminate all new HIV transmission events by 2041. The University of Chicago's position on the South Side makes it uniquely situated to test, treat, and prevent new HIV infections in a highly affected population. The South Side communities and majority Black suburbs connected to them to the South represents the largest contiguous Black population in the United States. By using our integrated HIV transmission elimination approaches, we are beginning to make new infections in these communities less frequent.
Job Family
Research
Responsible for all aspects of research projects and research facilities. Plans and conducts clinical and non-clinical research; facilitates and monitors daily activities of clinical trials or research projects. Directs engineering and technical support activities to develop and maintain tools and computational methods needed to gather and analyze data.
Career Track and Job Level
Research
Oversees all aspects of management, scientific technological development, and operations for major research projects or research facilities. Ensures compliance of research activities with institutional, state, and federal regulatory policies, procedures, directives and mandates. Writes articles, reports and manuscripts. Presents research findings at meetings and/or conferences.
P1: Performs routine assignments in the entry level to a professional job progression. Typically requires a college or university degree or the equivalent work experience that provides knowledge and exposure to fundamental theories, principles and concepts. Develops competence by performing structured work assignments. Uses existing procedures to solve routine or standard problems. Receives instruction, guidance and direction from others.
Role Impact
Individual Contributor
Responsibilities
The job performs routine assignments related to scientific research projects. Ensures compliance of research activities with institutional, state, and federal regulatory policies, procedures, directives and mandates. Analyzes possible solutions using standard procedures. Writes articles, reports and manuscripts. Assists in drafting presentations on research findings.
1) Maintains technical and administrative support for a research project., 2) Analyzes and maintains data and/or specimens. Conducts literature reviews. Assists with preparation of reports, manuscripts and other documents., 3) Installs, sets up and performs experiments; interacting with students and other laboratory staff under the direction of the principal investigator., 4) Maintains recruiting and scheduling research subjects; assisting with developing or amending study protocols; assisting with developing data collection tools; assisting with building databases; and providing general administrative support. Has general awareness in research techniques or methods, regulatory policies and procedures, and relevant scientific field, 5) Performs other related work as needed.
Unit-specific Responsibilities
1) The Research Data Analyst will be responsible for analyzing cutting-edge bio-behavioral health and network epidemiological datasets, and reporting results from their analyses.
2) Responsible for providing data for abstract and manuscript submission and opportunities for developing independent research and service projects may be available.
3) Assist with the development of abstracts, posters, presentations, manuscripts, and other research outcomes.
4) Present findings at local and national conferences.
5) Responsible for maintaining clinical research databases across collaborating institutions and service projects.
6) Complete periodic reports on these datasets for CDC, CDPH and NIH projects.
7) Support the data analytics, computational modeling and network simulation efforts within the Chicago Center for HIV Elimination.
8) Support development of manuscripts, abstracts, and occasionally be expected to travel to present research findings.
9) Assist with day to day operations of CDC, CDPH, and NIH funded projects that involve working with LGBTQ populations vulnerable to HIV, and will coordinate multiple related projects to ensure optimal recruitment, enrollment and fidelity to the complex requirements of study participation and follow-up counseling. This will include assistance with the development of study protocols, survey instruments, and maintenance of databases.

Unit-preferred Competencies
1) Demonstrated effective leadership and teaching skills.
2) Strong knowledge of program subject matter.
3) Willingness to attend necessary orientation and trainings through Chicago.
4) Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
5) Flexibility.
6) Creativity.
7) Ability to manage stressful situations.
8) Ability to maintain confidentiality.
9) Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, set priorities, and meet deadlines.
10) Proficiency in the use of data analysis software (SAS/R/Stata) and Microsoft Applications, including but not limited to Outlook, Excel, Access and Word.
11) Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills and strong analytical skills.
12) Work in community-based settings and program office.
Education, Experience, and Certifications
Minimum requirements include a college or university degree in related field.
Minimum requirements include knowledge and skills developed through
Preferred Qualifications
Education
1) Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, or related quantitative

Experience
1) One year of experience conducting data analysis with analytic software (Stata, SPSS, or R); query design, report creation, and visualization
Required Documents
1) Resume
2) Cover letter
NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application.
FLSA Status
Exempt
Pay Frequency
Monthly
Pay Grade
Depends on Qualifications
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40
Benefits Eligible
Yes
Drug Test Required
No
Health Screen Required
No
Motor Vehicle Record Inquiry Required
No
Posting Date
2020-07-14-07:00
Remove from Posting On or Before
2021-01-14-08:00
Posting Statement
The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Disabled/Veterans Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. For additional information please see the University's Notice of Nondiscrimination.
Staff Job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should call 773-702-5800 or submit a request via Applicant Inquiry Form.
The University of Chicago's Annual Security & Fire Safety Report (Report) provides information about University offices and programs that provide safety support, crime and fire statistics, emergency response and communications plans, and other policies and information. The Report can be accessed online at: http://securityreport.uchicago.edu. Paper copies of the Report are available, upon request, from the University of Chicago Police Department, 850 E. 61st Street, Chicago, IL 60637.
