About Guaranteed Rate:

Guaranteed Rate is the 5th largest retail mortgage lender in the U.S. By offering industry-leading tools, low-rate mortgages and unparalleled customer service, we’ve become the Home Purchase Experts®. At Guaranteed Rate, we think big—pushing beyond what most people believe is possible. We strive to work with the best of the best, building business with the best referral partners and hiring the best employees—allowing us to deliver world-class customer service. Our goal is to make sure every customer has a great experience. Headquartered in Chicago with 5,000+ employees in 300+ offices across the U.S. and licensed in all 50 states, we’ve helped thousands of homeowners with more than $37 billion in home purchase loans and refinances in just the past year alone.

Responsibilities:
Tableau Developer with an expertise to create visualizations that provide business insights for our global customers.
Expertise in SQL, can independently mine data to translate Business data needs into creative visualizations.
Have experience with performance tuning specific to Tableau.
Trusted to work independently with stakeholders at all levels
Excellent communication skills to be able to work with business owners to develop and define key business questions and to build specification for the data sets that answer those questions.
Projects will include requirements gathering, design, deployment, and on-going enhancements request.
Build prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups, Business partners, or senior leaders.
Support peers and stakeholders as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) through troubleshooting, analysis of results.
Act as mentor and Tableau SME for other Tableau users across the company.
Look for opportunities to improve current processes or find efficiencies by applying industry best practices as a BI developer.
Basic Qualifications:
Undergraduate or graduate degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or related field.
4+ years of experience with Tableau Server and Tableau Desktop
Must be proficient in the use and maintenance of Tableau Server and Tableau Desktop
Knowledge of RedShift & S3 a plus.
Proficiency with sophisticated analytics tools and programming languages (SAS, R, Python, Java, Spark, Hadoop, Alteryx, SQL); proficiency with data visualization tools (Tableau, QlikView, and others)
Experience with various types of data repositories (e.g., data warehouses, data lakes, data marts), metadata management, dimensional modeling, and ETL / integration
Experience with Python is plus
We cannot sponsor for this role. Please only apply if you’re currently able to work in the US.
Preferred Qualifications:
Excellent analytical, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Ability to partner with internal and external peer groups to design and implement solutions.
Guaranteed Rate is an Equal Opportunity Employer that welcomes and encourages all applicants to apply regardless of age, race, sex, religion, color, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital or parental status, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy or other reason protected by law. #LI-AC1

Click here to apply online
