Role Type: Data Analyst

Reports To: Chief Technology Officer

*
About Us

CareAdvisors is a technology company that helps patients get access to healthcare and social service benefits they need by automating the manual enrollment role taken on by hospitals.

Many patients who receive care at hospitals are eligible for Medicaid and other social service benefits, but some have barriers to enroll or re-enroll in their benefits. Using technology focused on automation, CareAdvisors remove barriers so that patients can get access to the benefits they need.

Our Customer Relationship Management tool empowers care navigators and social workers with a platform that is connected to a network of community resources and hospitals. We use the data gathered across our network to power our analytics engine. Join us in building out our platform so we can connect people to the care they need!

About the Role

As a Data Analyst, you will research and develop predictive models for population health. Overall, you will support our enterprise strategy and delivery of analytic services by performing various analyses and interpretations to support business needs for assigned functions. The analyst will collaborate across analytic teams, business partners, and customers to ensure a coordinated flow of information, documentation, and relationships to support the delivery of leading-edge analytics. Due to the dynamic nature of this role, we are looking for entrepreneurial candidates with the ability to derive analytical insights from a variety of business contexts.

Responsibilities
Compile analytical and statistical reports.
Formulate, define, and recommend scope of reports.
Review information for accuracy and reconcile data.
Provide support and education to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Synthesize raw data into digestible and actionable information.
Identify trends and make recommendations for quality and operational improvement.
Collaborate with leaders to understand key value drivers and challenges within their business units and determine the key metrics and insights that can help improve performance as a result.
Continually think of new ways that data-driven insights can help support Care Advisors.
We are looking for a team member with the following background
Currently based in the Chicagoland area (REQUIRED!)
BS or BA degree in business, economics, finance, accounting, marketing analytics, MIS, computer science, engineering, or equivalent work experience.
2 years of related experience in an internship or full-time role guiding strategic decision making using data and analytics.
Experience working in a healthcare or startup environment, preferred.
Experience with topics in public health, population health, social determinants of health, data science, or social science, preferred.
Experience with report/dashboard development, data/report automation, self-service capabilities, data design and integration, data quality and governance, preferred.
SQL, Python, and/or Tableau skills are preferred.
Familiar with predictive programming in R and/or Python.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint and Word.
Ability to take insights and turn them into actionable steps that can drive business value.
At Care Advisors we value diversity and endeavor to treat everyone with respect, no matter their age, gender, race, ethnicity, or sexual, cultural or ideological preferences.

Due to the unprecedented situation of COVID-19, CareAdvisors has decided to protect our current and future employees by managing our business remotely. This is inclusive of interviewing, onboarding, and daily operations. Please consider that our roles will not be remote long-term and we will return to an office environment once it is deemed safe to do so following the guidance of local health authorities and the Centers for Disease Control.

*

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
healthcare or startup environment: 1 year (Preferred)
data and analytics: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Chicago, IL 60654 (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
