About Zing Health
Zing Health Holdings, Inc. is a tech-enabled insurance company making Medicare Advantage the best it can be for those 65-and-over. Zing Health has a community-based approach that recognizes the importance of the social determinants of health in keeping individuals and communities healthy. Zing Health aims to return the physician and the member to the center of the health care equation. Members receive individualized assistance to make their transition to Zing Health as easy as possible. Zing Health offers members the ability to personalize their plans, access to facilities designed to help them better meet their healthcare needs and a dedicated care team. For more information on Zing Health, visit www.myzinghealth.com.

Summary:

The Sr. Business Analyst will be responsible for gathering, analyzing and documenting business requirements and translating the requirements to the technical team. S/he will also be working with vendors, risk provider groups to integrate between systems through consistent, secure data exchange. S/he will be responsible for retrieving and analyzing data to assist end users with their business decisions. The requirements gathered are reviewed with internal IT team and provided to the development team. S/he will be responsible for development of business test cases and ensuring quality output is delivered.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Working closely with all levels of end users, including executive level staff, to quickly understand new requirements or problems, and then suggest a possible solution. Understand their reporting requirements and put together requirements and support solutioning discussions for the requirements.
Working with vendors, risk provider groups to discuss integration needs and ensuring ultimate business goals are achieved through right data solutions.
Gathering and performing thorough analyses of all the information available.
Enhancing business processes when applicable.
Creating and documenting the business requirements.
Communicating with the development team to schedule development of system configuration or modifications and/or new modules.
Developing test cases and perform testing to ensure requirements are met for data extracts.
Demonstrate leadership by coordinating the requirements, specifications, and user acceptance testing efforts.
Qualifications:
Experience working with health plan data like medical/pharmacy claims
Experience working in Medicare with CMS file standards
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Must be high energy, creative, results-driven and self-motivated.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor's degree required. BA/BS in Information Technology, or related discipline preferred.
5+ years of experience working as Business Analyst or similar positions.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $85,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Company's website:
www.myzinghealth.com
Company's Facebook page:
www.facebook.com/myzinghealth
