SUMMARY Our client, a leader in AI solutions for the mortgage industry, is seeking a Junior Business Analyst for a direct hire position. The role is fully remote at this time but will transition to an on-site role in the future. The BA will work closely with the Software Engineering team to deliver best in class solutions to their clients in the mortgage industry. The role ensures projects move forward efficiently while keeping focus on the goals and the business value of the solution. RESPONSIBILITIES The individual will be involved in the following critical activities Gather input from subject matter experts, users and stakeholders to document business needs and constraints that are easily understood, thorough, and accurate. Define and analyze solution options that balance business value, usability and technical feasibility. Create project plans that set milestones, identify dependencies, and communicate progress. Organize and facilitate meetings to share timelines and address open questions. Coordinate internal resources and third partiesvendors through implementation and rollout. Build trusted relationships with end-users by providing system support and incorporating feedback. Provides a user-focused approach to all ideas and decisions. Advocates for the user community through understanding of their roles, responsibilities and processes. GENERAL EDUCATION, SKILLS OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS .The ideal experience and critical competencies for the role include the following Bachelorrsquos degree and at least 1 year of experience as a business analyst, preferably with custom system development andor vendor software implementations. Experience working in collaborative environments and with Agile methodologies. Experience making complex concepts and business problems lsquosimplersquo. Powerful analytical skillset with the ability to motivate others to share your vision and enthusiasm. Adaptable, dependable, and dedicated to your products and team. Familiarity with application architecture, web applications, databases and other relevant technologies. Self-starter that likes to get their hands-on and tinker with data and reporting tools. Excellent writing and listening skills with a proven ability to disseminate information effectively and articulate your thoughts in a clear and concise manner.
