JOB DESCRIPTION:

Hexagon US Federal is looking for highly motivated, talented individuals who want to join a team that has a long history of providing the best-in-class level of service and support in the field of Data Scientist (DS), Senior level. The DS will develop and implement a set of techniques or analytics applications to transform data into meaningful information including by integrating disparate sources into a unified data set for NAVSEA Maintenance and Systems data. Applies data mining; data modeling; heuristic and qualitative techniques; natural language processing; and machine learning to extract and analyze information from large structured and unstructured datasets. Addresses data hygiene issues in both source and composite data associated with Navy PMS. Visualizes, interprets, and reports data findings within Navy PMS data for fleet, ISEA, and NAVSEA 04RM utilization. Creates analytic tools, static information sources (reports, graphics, and dashboards), and dynamic information sources.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:
An active NAVSEA Reliability Centered (RCM) Level II or higher certification
BA/BS Degree in Business Engineering, or Technical Disciplines
A minimum of ten (10) years of required experience, at least ten (10) years of experience working with maintenance, IETM, RCM, sensor, or diagnostic data associated with aviation, ship, submarine, or unmanned systems with at least four (4) years of experience integrating data from those systems and with at least five (5) distributed sources, a combination of directly controlled and shared/outside databases, and mix connectivity for data synchronization. At least six (6) years of experience with information systems and data sources to include RCM, ISEA, IETM, Navy Platform data or Navy Maintenance systems. Experience may be concurrent.
Excellent communication skills, verbal and written
Current DoD Secret security clearance or able to obtain
Must be able to travel
Contingent upon contract award

Hexagon US Federal is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category that is protected by federal, state, or local laws.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Experience:
service and support in the field of Data Scientist: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
NAVSEA Reliability Centered (RCM) Level II or higher (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Application Question:
What is your desired salary?
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Other
Company's website:
www.HexagonUSFederal.com
Work Remotely:
No
