The Role: As a senior member of our People Technology/HRIS team, the Senior Workday Analyst plays a key role in guiding the design, implementation, maintenance, and support of our core HR system, Workday. You’ll help define the long-term (next 12-18 months) and near-term (next quarter) Workday roadmap by consulting with HR stakeholders to understand needs and priorities, representing what’s possible within the constraints of Workday capabilities, and ultimately designing solutions and translating those solutions to requirements and plans for implementation.

With our internal HRIS team distributed geographically, you’ll be the critical link between our HR domain leaders (rewards, talent management, recruiting, etc.) in our Chicago headquarters and our Workday configuration and integration experts located mostly in Asia. And as the “face” of Workday to our Chicago users and stakeholders, you’ll be a first line of local support helping to educate, triage problems, and respond to time-sensitive inquiries.

Responsibilities
Serve as a primary subject matter expert for Workday to optimize system design and configuration-- understanding and interpreting end user needs to translate into system requirements, and creating and managing documentation used for end user adoption and training.
Design and prototype solutions, present options, lead design workshops as needed
Organize project plans and manage project deadlines, testing activities, and contracts with other team members to stay on schedule and execute implementations and upgrades.
Lead the Workday effort in support of annual HR programs such as performance management, promotions, compensation, and open enrollment, including requirements gathering and documentation, configuration, testing, and implementation.
Manage large HRIS projects, including implementation of new functionality and modules as needed.
Support development and management of the HRIS roadmap, including maintaining relationships with key stakeholders across HR and the business
Research and resolve HRIS problems, unexpected results or process flaws, perform scheduled activities, and recommend solutions or alternate methods to meet requirements.
Keeps current on HR/Workday system trends and process best practices. Maintain visibility on Workday Community and local User Groups to keep abreast of new features, product defects, and advocate for desired enhancements
Requirements
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree or its equivalent
At least 3 years of Workday-specific experience
Experience with Benefits, Payroll, and/or Advanced Compensation a plus
Demonstrated critical thinking and analytical skills
Good project management skills/experience
Familiarity with the agile development process
Highly organized but adaptable to changing priorities and requirements
Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication
Process oriented, and experience with process improvement initiatives (LEAN a plus)
Proven ability to uphold the highest regard for confidentiality
001_MstarInc Morningstar Inc. Legal Entity
