Business Analyst - Intermediate - Finance & Accounts Payable
Full-Time - Days
Chicago, IL
The Information Systems (CBIS) Department seeks an experienced Business Systems Analyst, Intermediate to formulate and define systems scope and objectives.
Job Summary
In this role and under general supervision, formulates and defines systems scope and objectives through research and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements.
Develops or modifies moderately complex information systems.
Analyze business and user needs, documenting requirements, and revising existing system logic difficulties as necessary
Guide and advise less experienced Business System Analysts
Competent to work in some phases of systems analysis and considers the business implication of the application of technology to the current business environment
Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities
Analyze business and user needs
Formulates and defines systems scope and objectives
Document Requirements
Revising existing (problematic) system logic
Evaluate most business implications of technology on the current business environment
Mentors less experienced Business System Analysts
Under general supervision, must be able to prioritize, organize, and assess work in order to meet deadlines
Able to correlate business, management and information technology functions
You'll thrive in this position if you:
Deliver Results – you identify issues, problems and opportunities; proactively recognize the need for improvement. You work with others to develop a sense of common purpose; understand different perspectives on issues; gathers and examines information available. You generate alternatives - Create relevant options, including financial and resource implications, for addressing problems and opportunities. You select appropriate action - Formulate clear decision criteria; evaluates options by considering implications and consequences; chooses an effective option. You commit to implementation and work with a sense of urgency and a bias for action to implement the decision.
Embrace Change – you treat change and new situations as opportunities for learning or growth; identifies the benefits and risks of change. You quickly modify behavior to deal effectively with changes; remains effective during times of ambiguity and uncertainty. You honor the need in others to ask questions; helps others overcome resistance.
Act with Courage & Conviction – you look at interactions, activities and processes to maximize the patient, customer and employee experience; speaks up for point of view with confidence even when the topic is controversial; shares point of view in a manner that builds support. You alert the right person when expectations or standards are not met or when UCMC’s values are at risk. You ensure proper resolution is achieved and an explanation is received; escalates appropriately if needed.
Communicate with Impact – you focus on the message of others, provide undivided attention, and defer judgment. You convey messages logically, simply, and with confidence. You check for understanding by asking questions, seeking clarity and responding accordingly
Qualifications
Associate or Bachelor’s degree or equivalent relevant certification in healthcare, business management, or information systems is required
Minimal of two (2) years’ experience with information system software solutions
Working knowledge of multiple software applications, systems analysis/design, Integration/design, or web applications/design
Ability and commitment to meet aggressive deadlines and to cope in a fast paced environment
Capable of working well in a diverse, multi-disciplinary team and successfully interacting with others at all levels of the organization, including remote teams
Beginning skills in documenting and analyzing business processes
General understanding of underlying technologies: hardware, networking, Intranet, Internet, PDA, bar coding and wireless
Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills and effective presentation skills
Experience developing presentations for project work
Ability to plan and facilitate meetings with diverse participants
Ability to maintain a professional attitude and demeanor in both normal and pressure situations
Proven skills in problem solving
Practical experience in a specific area of healthcare operations, Healthcare research or Healthcare teaching desired

We’ve been at the forefront of medicine since 1899. We provide superior healthcare with compassion, always mindful that each patient is a person, an individual. To accomplish this, we need employees with passion, talent and commitment… with patients and with each other. We’re in this together: working to advance medical innovation, serve the health needs of the community, and move our collective knowledge forward. If you’d like to add enriching human life to your profile, The University of Chicago Medicine is for you. Here at the forefront, we’re doing work that really matters. Join us. Bring your passion.
________
Bring your career to the next level at a hospital that is thriving; from patient satisfaction to employee engagement, we are at the Forefront of Medicine. Take advantage of all we have to offer and #BringYourPassiontotheForefront.
University of Chicago Medicine is growing; discover how you can be a part of this pursuit of excellence at: www.uchospitals.edu/jobs
The University of Chicago Medical Center is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, civil union status, parental status, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status and other legally protected characteristics.
