Sr Business Analyst Chicago, IL We have an immediate opportunity with a large F500 client in the Chicago, IL area. We are looking for Sr. Business Analyst at Chicago, IL with one of our major clients. Please go over the details let me know Our Client is looking for a qualified Senior Business Analyst to ensure quality delivery of end to end business solutions and to work with one of the leading healthcare providers in US. The ideal candidate must possess excellent background on extracting, transforming and loading data into the warehouse. The candidate must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability and collaborate effectively with domain and technical experts in the team. Responsibilities As a Senior Business Analyst, you will work on the following requirements 1. General requirements a. Should have worked as business analystBA Lead for US Healthcare Payer organizations b. IIBAIREB certifications preferred c. Experience in Agile SCRUM (3+ Yearsrsquo) and SAFE ( 2+ Yearsrsquo) d. CSM (Certified ScrumMaster) required and ACSM (Advanced Certified Scrum Master) CSP (Certified Scrum Professional) or equivalent certification preferred e. Knowledge of mobile apps with web services (e.g. REST, JSON, XML) f. Knowledge of data warehouse concepts, data model, knowledge of SQL(Structured Query Language) and ability to query databases, source to target mapping g. Technical experience with systems networking, databases, Web development, Mobile App development, and user support 2. Domain a. Broad and deep understanding of US Healthcare Payer business, across multiple lines of Businesses and multiple functional areas b. Knowledge in Blue CrossBlue Brand plans preferred 3. Core BA TechniquesArtifacts a. Requirement discovery workshops, JAD sessions, and stakeholder interviews, Job shadowing, Prototyping etc b. User stories, process flows, Use cases, context diagrams and other requirement artifacts c. BRDSRSFRS , RTM d. Process modeling (UML BPMN), strategy analysis, Non functional requirements, transition requirements e. Change management, CR, impact analysis f. UAT, Test plan, Test data, business testing 4. Underlaying competencies Soft skills a. ability to see the bigger picture but also work through the details, able to multi-task b. Excellent communication skills , interpersonal and stakeholder management skills, self-driven attitude is a must c. Experience willingness to work under high pressure, short deadline, multi-vendor engagements d. Excellent stakeholder identification and management skills 5. Tools a. Strong in MS Office and diagraming tools like MS Visio b. ClearQuestJira as a repository for application code and ticket information c. ServiceNow to log tickets for each enhancement and defectbug fix d. SharePoint to upload documents related to the project and submit requests e. Toad and IBM DataStudio for DB2 database query operations f. HP-ALM, Rally (for Agile Mgmt.) g. Ab Initio software such as Co-Op, MDH, EME, QueryIT, ExpressIT, Control-Center, Ab Initio Test Framework Required Soft Skills a. Good analytical and problem-solving skills b. Exceptional communication skills (written and verbal) c. Good documentation skills d. Proficiency in English language (as a medium of communication) e. Frank and open communication with peers and higher-ups about realistic estimations and meeting timelinesexpectations and proactive communication of issues and concerns thereof f. Assertiveness in communicating ideas, estimates, scope and timelines Nice to have a. Experience working with PHI PII and sensitive data b. Knowledge about medical and Rx claims processing, healthcare enrollments and providers c. Knowledge and understanding of security standards Qualification Preferred Masterrsquos Degree in Computer Science or similar technologies Must Have Bachelorrsquos Degree in Computer Science or similar technologies For immediate consideration please contact Madhu UpStream Global Services. Reply to projectsupstreamgs.com www.upstreamgs.com
