Product Analyst at Belvedere Trading

At Belvedere Trading, our Product Analyst Interns are experts in strategy, planning, and communication. They work alongside Product Managers and partner with traders, software developers, and data teams to define project requirements, prioritize effective workflows, and ensure successful deployment of new products and features. If you have a passion for technology and the financial markets, gaining experience as a Product Analyst Intern at Belvedere Trading could be the internship you’ve been waiting for.

Learn as much as you can in the meantime (here are some resources to get you started) but know our Belvedere Trading University (BTU) program will teach you everything you need to know once you join the team.

Core Values

The secret to our award-winning culture is our Core Values: Team Belvedere, Me In Team, Own It, Iterative Innovation, and Passionate Discourse. We live and breathe these values every day. Take a moment to learn more and see if our values align with yours.

What our Product Analysts do
Collaborate – Partner with traders to oversee software product strategy, identify and document trading application issues and improvements, and promote the business value of our proprietary software products
Project management – Prioritize projects for software development teams
Facilitate testing – Work directly with the Quality Assurance team to build applicable tests for each new feature
Communicate – Consistent and effective communication with developers and traders to senior management and business owners
Deploy – Disseminate information and communicate each new feature launch to the appropriate traders or end-users
Analyze – Make data-driven decisions to drive future project prioritization
Problem Solve – Act as the first point of contact for the traders after features are deployed
Key qualities in great candidates
Analytical – Demonstrated ability to collect information, investigate, and identify a logical solution
Team Player – Ability to have a positive commitment to the team and its goals especially when overcoming obstacles
Proactive – Thrives with minimal direction to create effective business solutions
Strong Communication – Excellent written and oral communication skills
Intellectually Curious – Desire to learn from your peers and seek a deep understanding of complex problems
Experience working in the financial industry is a plus!
Graduation date of December 2020 or May/June 2021 (start date of fall 2021)
Who we are

Belvedere Trading is a leading proprietary trading firm proudly headquartered in downtown Chicago. Our traders work hard to provide liquidity to the market through their market-making activities and are the masters of a diverse set of commodities, interest rates, exchange-traded fund (ETF), and equity index options. This wouldn’t be possible without the dedicated efforts of our technology teams who utilize and perfect our innovative technology solutions.

Our Stance

Belvedere is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing a non-discriminatory employment environment for its employees. Discrimination against employees and applicants due to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, military, and veteran status is prohibited. Belvedere encourages initiatives to increase diversity and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. Belvedere is committed to providing a positive environment in which team members are treated with respect, dignity, and courtesy. Our firm believes in a dynamic culture of inclusion and diversity, where people thrive on individual and organizational characteristics, values, experiences, and backgrounds.

Please note that Belvedere Trading does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resumes will become the property of Team Belvedere. No phone calls, please.
Job Status: Full-Time

Sponsorship: Not available for this position
Work Schedule: Regular and reliable attendance in addition to occasional nights and weekends

Amount of Travel Required: None

Through our efforts to provide a safe environment for you and our team members, all interviews for this position will be conducted virtually via phone or video. We will continue to actively hire and onboard new team members virtually through the remainder of the year unless otherwise noted. Any questions regarding the virtual recruiting process, please reach out to recruiting@belvederetrading.com.
