Sales Operations Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158
Curiosity meets passion! As a sales operations analyst at Uline, provide leadership with key information to ensure customer satisfaction and keep Uline’s sales reps moving forward.
Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Analyze data regarding sales / business performance, activity and company trends.
Compile month-end sales / business analysis.
Identify sales / business trends and recommend improvements.
Prepare sales / business studies and reports.
Work closely with management and other analysts on important business issues and projects.
Measure, track and report results of initiatives that are underway.
Research and analyze other comparable business organizations and operations.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
2 to 3 years experience as an analyst.
Audit experience.
Sales department experience a plus.
Microsoft Access, Excel and SQL experience preferred.
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.
Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.
About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-AR1
#CORP
