Here @Strata…
We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading.

We look for someone who:
Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community.
Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources).
Rocks Impact: Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference.
Will be a StrataPro: Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another.
What you’ll do in this role:
Being a Technical Consultant means you are providing technical guidance and support for the StrataJazz product to Strata’s customer base. To be a success in this role, you should be talented, highly motivated, and enjoy finding creative solutions to challenging problems.
Deliver a best in class client experience by providing technical assistance and support following StrataJazz implementation and optimization projects
Partner with clients to solve specific issues in an expedient and professional fashion
Own client communication from initial point of contact through issue resolution
Independently troubleshoot issues using technologies including SQL and Analysis Server
Recommend mitigation approaches and confirm a satisfactory outcome is reached
Assess risks and escalate issues to Leadership when related to client satisfaction
Work closely with the DevOps team to solve escalated issues
Discuss the current configuration of our product with clients and help advise on recommended updates to their procedures and our software
Collaborate closely with team members while fostering a respectful and secure team environment
Your accomplishments include:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in a related field (i.e. Health Administration, Business, Finance, Engineering, or Computer Science)
Professional and/or academic experience in SQL and relational database concepts
Excellent communication skills including client facing experience
Experience in technical issue resolution and escalation procedures
Ability to learn quickly and adapt to new challenges and change
Proven experience in managing multiple projects with multiple priorities
