Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

This Sales Operations Analyst role supports the fast-growing and dynamic North America Enterprise sales team. In this role, you will be responsible for driving Sales process excellence with a goal of increasing seller efficiency and effectiveness. Strong SFDC, data analysis, communication, problem-solving, organization, and collaboration skills are critical for success.

Job Description:

Your role is in the Global Sales Planning & Operations team supporting the functions essential to the global sales force. These include planning, sales training and onboarding, process optimization, compensation design and administration, sales tools management and administration, sales and partner reporting, revenue share, and account management. You play a vital role in scaling a growing Global Sales organization in the largest Enterprise market at Paypal as well as supporting cross-functional operations and initiatives. You are also responsible for managing dynamic sales incentive programs, aligning Salesforce processes, and acting as a liaison for the Sales team to other partners & departments. You will thrive in this role if you are highly analytical with the ability to juggle multiple projects and prioritize with little to no guidance.

Responsibilities (include but not limited to)
Optimize CRM usage, accuracy, build reports and enable oversight via the CRM
Support with RFP responses, proposals of all sizes and across all verticals
Forecasting – via the CRM and finance systems you will support volume and revenue forecasting on a cyclical basis to help drive insights for Sales leadership
Derive analysis of pipeline management for Sales leaders
Manage sales team commissions to best compliance standards
Provide sales support, acting as a liaison between sales and business partner teams (e.g., risk, legal, underwriting, contracting, and pricing) to assist with gaining approvals internally
Help sales reps with more complex Salesforce.com support requests
Participate in and/or lead special initiatives for both Sales Ops and the NA/AUNZ sales teams
Partner with other Sales Ops teams to develop, test, and roll-out new sales tools and processes
Convert stakeholder requirements into technical requirements for multiple partner teams & departments for execution on projects
Education and Experience
Bachelors Degree in business or related field
At least 2+ years of experience in Sales Operations or a similar role (Finance, Ops, etc.)
Experience in e-commerce, fintech, consulting, and/or Sales preferred
Working knowledge of Salesforce (including Einstein Analytics), Microsoft Office Suite, and Tableau strongly preferred
Technical knowledge in one or more of the following (SQL, SOQL, DAX, PowerPivot, JSON) also strongly preferred
Basic Qualifications
Strong written and oral communication skills
Ability to effectively work under pressure and to meet challenging targets
Can-do attitude with a strong sense of priorities, accountability, and ownership
Excellent problem-solving skills, organization, attention to detail, and ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced team environment
Successful track-record working with cross-functional and remote teams
Willingness to travel occasionally (roughly once a quarter)
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Chicago

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
