It's Time For A Change Your Future Evolves Here

Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Our pursuit of this mission is the driving force that brings us to work each day. We believe in embracing new ideas, challenging ourselves and failing forward. We respect and celebrate individual talents and team wins. We have fun while working hard and Evolenteers often make a difference in everything from scrubs to jeans.

Are we growing? Absolutely-about 50% growth from 2015 through late 2019. Are we recognized? Definitely. Evolent was the first organization ever to receive NCQA's Population Health Program Accreditation, and is consistently recognized as one of the Becker's Healthcare 150 Top Places to Work. We recognize employees that live our values, give back to our communities each year, and are champions for bringing our whole selves to work each day. If you're looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don't just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it.

It's Time For A Change

Your Future Evolves Here

Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Our pursuit of this mission is the driving force that brings us to work each day. We believe in embracing new ideas, challenging ourselves and failing forward. We respect and celebrate individual talents and team wins. We have fun while working hard and Evolenteers often make a difference in everything from scrubs to jeans.

Are we growing? Absolutely-56.7% in year-over-year revenue growth in 2016. Are we recognized? Definitely. We have been named one of "Becker's 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare" in 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019, One of the "50 Great Places to Work" in 2017 by Washingtonian, and our CEO was number one on Glassdoor's 2015 Highest-Rated CEOs for Small and Medium Companies. If you're looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don't just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it.

What You'll Be Doing:
Collaborate with business and technical teammates to resolve client production issues
Participate in problem solving of Health Plan benefit, provider, pricing, reporting, operational and system issues
Perform a variety of tasks related to the resolution of production support issues based on client configurations with the core administrative system
Potential to rotate through configuration support functions across key system areas and lines of business with the ability to develop subject matter expertise
Support the work to troubleshoot and resolve claims issues introduced by user, configuration, system or reporting errors; working multiple issues simultaneously
Support activities to update configuration within the core claims processing system, typically within the areas of Provider, Pricing or Benefit Plan/Adjudication Rules. Potential responsibilities include and may vary by system area of assignment:
Update credentialing variables and demographics (credentialed and non-credentialed providers), contract or fee schedule assignment and network affiliation
Update group/benefit configuration including benefit plans (coinsurance, deductible, copay, out of pocket) and benefit plan rules
Support fee schedule changes including terms, affiliations and contract maintenance
Updates to general system configuration such as workflow, dictionary/master file updates (research, set up and maintenance of reference values (diagnosis codes, procedure codes, 835 CARC/RARC and other medical codes) and global settings, as necessary
Collaborate across IT and Operational departments to define and develop necessary technology or business processes to support process improvement initiatives
The Experience You'll Need (Required):
Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience
Ability to work collaboratively on team that includes all levels of organization and Health Plan
Ability to communicate effectively yet concisely in both an oral and written manner
Analytical Skills necessary to independently discover and outline systems related issues
Ability to support projects and recommend/implement process for project completion
Understanding of logic of standard medical coding manuals (i.e. CPT, ICD-10, HCPCS, etc.) and national billing guidelines (NUBC, NUCC)
Knowledge of medical claims adjudication and editing
Finishing Touches (Preferred):
Detail oriented
Beginner skill level of Microsoft Excel required; Intermediate skill level a plus
EDI X12 835, 837I & 837P knowledge a plus
Prior experience with Facets/RIMS, CSC or DST or a rules-based system a plus
Database table structure knowledge and SQL query writing capability a plus
Certified medical coder preferred.
If not certified experience with medical coding is preferred.
Evolent Health is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.
