For over 25 years, G&A Partners has been helping entrepreneurs grow their businesses, take better care of their employees, and enjoy a higher quality of life by providing proven HR solutions and technology. A growing, Houston-based professional services firm, G&A Partners is currently seeking a Business Analyst - Reporting to join its team at the corporate office located in Houston, TX.
A competitive compensation and benefits package is available to include health benefits and 401(k), recognition awards and bonuses and the opportunity to work for a highly respected and award-winning company.
Job Summary:
This position is responsible for a full range of activities to ensure the operational effectiveness and excellence of the business unit by designing and documenting workflow processes, identifying business trends, and making appropriate recommendations that will positively impact operational effectiveness and efficiency.

Essential Job Duties:
Identifies business operations trends and patterns using various systems and methodologies for analyzing and reviewing information and data.
Works directly with internal departmental staff to understand project concepts, objectives and approaches.
Takes assigned project from original concept through final implementation.
Tests documented strategies and plans.
Analyzes impact on, and risks to, essential business functions or information systems to identify acceptable recovery time periods and resource requirements.
Interprets government regulations and applicable codes to ensure compliance.
Writes reports to summarize testing activities, including descriptions of goals, planning, scheduling, execution, results, analysis, conclusions, and recommendations.
Identifies opportunities for strategic improvement or mitigation of business interruption and other risks caused by business, regulatory, or industry-specific change initiatives.
Acts as liaison between internal & external client and the software development staff as well as the support staff.
Manages incoming requests for assistance, including prioritizing and managing the client expectation. Tracks all work performed in CRM solution.
Maintain third party vendor relationships as assigned.
Lead requirements gathering (user voice, use case and “as is/to be” documentation) and develop specifications including work/process flows, narrative descriptions, and user interface designs for trading platform and operational system enhancements
Test platform product concepts with stakeholders, including external customers, to validate design integrity and usability
Work with the Technology team to produce implementation details including change request management
Communicate between the Technology team and business unit leader to manage issue resolution and provide continuous feedback loops to all respective parties
Lead internal and external testing and training efforts for new system releases
Draft and finalize customer communication and instructional materials for releases
Provide Tier 2 Q&A support for existing technology platform and ops system functionality
Excellent communication skills a must. Must be able to engage in technical and business discussion

Education & Experience Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in business management or related field
1-2 years of experience working in a business analyst role or similar capacity or an equivalent combination of education and experience
PEO industry experience is a huge plus
PrismHR experience is a huge plus
MS Excel, MS Access and VBA expert (advance Excel function and macro test)
Rocket Unidata, MS SQL, Crystal Reports experience a plus
Informer experience is a plus
