Analyst

Reference Code: 71283

Location: United States (US) - Houston, TX
Job Category: Accounting/Finance
Employment Type: Employee Full-time
Relocation Eligibility: This position is not eligible for our relocation program
Application Deadline: 07/24/2020

We all need energy. It warms our homes, cooks our food, gives us light, and gets us where we need to go. It also improves our quality of life in countless other ways. At TC Energy, our job is to deliver that energy to millions of people who depend on it across North America. And we take our job very seriously.

Guided by our values of safety, integrity, responsibility and collaboration, we develop and operate our facilities safely, reliably and with care for our impact on the environment. With our presence across the continent, our people play an active role in building strong communities.

We’re proud of how our hard work and commitment sets us apart and benefits society, every day. We’re looking for new team members who share our values and are ready to take on exciting challenges.

The opportunity

Our US Pipeline West Budgeting team is evolving to meet the needs of our growing business and we are expanding our presence in Houston, Texas.

We are seeking a driven Analyst who has knowledge and experience working on operational budgeting & forecasting and business analysis with major natural gas pipelines and gas storage companies in a highly focused team environment. While providing operating expense budgeting & forecasting support to major operational areas, including natural gas operations, commercial services, and other embedded support services, and supporting special projects with the Lead Analyst for the Vice President of Operations West, they will have the opportunity to collaborate with talented people and make a valuable contribution to the organization.

This position within U.S. Pipelines West Budgeting will report to the West Budgeting Manager.

What you’ll do
Perform in depth analysis of major natural gas pipelines and gas storage company operating expense details
Conduct complex analytical assignments requiring theoretical and practical application of concepts, models and methodologies
Perform monthly operational results analysis
Perform the development and testing of complex models and tools for specific applications
Prepare reports of findings and analyses for management
Prepare reports documenting explanations and analysis of significant or unusual variances in actual results from budget and forecasts
Prepare support for monthly recurring, year-end accrual and adjusting journal entries to provide to the Financial Reporting Group for posting
Collects and analyzes information on complex assignments
Supports special projects and assist in solving complex or ambiguous problems within own discipline
Works independently with some supervision in researching, selecting and interpreting information, handling deviations from standard methods and resolving difficulties
Participates in various job duties/responsibilities and special projects as directed by the leader such as perform back up duties if anyone is out of office, etc.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Accounting, Finance or equivalent
Minimum of 4 years of Accounting or Finance experience with increasing responsibility
Excellent analytical, prioritization and communication skills
Self-starter who can work independently and manage competing priorities while working to deadlines
Strong Excel skills are required
Knowledge of consolidation accounting, financial statement presentation and generally accepted accounting principles
Capability and flexibility to respond to time pressure by adjusting work hours to meet critical deadlines
Collaborative, team-oriented approach essential and willingness to learn
Preferred Qualifications
Budgeting and forecasting experience
Oil and gas industry experience
MBA, CPA, CFA or professional accounting designation
Knowledge of SAP, BPC & Power BI software
About our business
TC Energy is a leading energy infrastructure company in North America. We have three complementary businesses of natural gas pipelines, liquids (oil) pipelines, and power generation. Our operations span three countries, seven Canadian provinces, and 34 U.S. states.

Our 92,600-kilometre (57,500-mile) natural gas pipeline network is positioned in two of the most prolific and lowest cost basins in North America – the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB) and the Appalachian Basin. Our systems are well placed to meet the continent’s growing demand for clean-burning natural gas by connecting the supply in these basins to important and growing markets across the continent. We supply more than 25 per cent of the clean-burning natural gas consumed daily across North America.

Apply now!

Apply to this posting by 07/24/2020 using reference code 71283. You must apply through our jobs system at jobs.tcenergy.com. Only applications submitted through our system will be acknowledged. Applications may be submitted using a mobile device or desktop / laptop computer.

TC Energy is an equal opportunity employer and participates in the E-Verify program supervised by the U.S. government.

Learn more

Visit us at TCEnergy.com and connect with us on our social media channels for our latest news, employee stories, community activities, and other updates.

Thank you for choosing TC Energy in your career search.

* Depending on qualifications, the successful candidate may be offered a position at a more appropriate level and/or ladder.

* Applicants must have legal authorization to work in the country in which the position is based with no restrictions.

* All positions require background screening. Some require criminal and/or credit checks to comply with regulations.
