THE COMPANY

Sunnova is a leader in residential solar, battery storage and system protection services, with customers across the U.S. and its territories. We are your source for clean, affordable, and reliable energy, with a simple mission: to power energy independence so our customers have the freedom to live life uninterrupted™.

Founded in 2012 and headquartered in Houston, Texas, we work to attract and retain only the best people who have the potential to make us better than we are today. We are always looking for talented and motivated individuals who thrive in a fast-paced, continuous improvement environment and want to change the world of energy.

THE POSITION

Sunnova is looking for a full-time Application Support Analyst I to join a team of highly motivated Application Support Analysts providing monitoring, issue triage and research and overall support for cloud based applications.

The primary role of the Application Support Analyst is to assist in monitoring the overall performance of assigned applications and to appropriately triage incoming service requests and incidents and either resolve the issue or assign the issue to the appropriate development team.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Monitor incoming service requests and incidents for assigned application(s)
Investigate and diagnose service requests or incidents according to their priority/rank
Assists with incident response& communications for critical& high severity application issues
Maintain process and knowledge documents for assigned application area(s)
Perform daily& weekly monitoring and controls tasks as assigned
Perform basic data analysis on reported issues
Act as a Subject Matter Expert for support for multiple processes
Work with individual users to gain understanding and information about issues reported
Assist in testing software changes as assigned
Schedule needs to be flexible to the needs of the business; requires weekend or evening availability based on an on-call schedule to provide production support
JOB REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors degree in in Computer Science or related field or equivalent
1-2 years experience in related field
6-12 months experience working in a Help Desk or support role preferred
Desire to develop in-depth understanding of Sunnova’s business and how it relates to our enterprise systems and software.
Ability and desire to dig into complex problems, ask good questions and learn from your mistakes.
Ability to work independently on escalations and collaborate with developers, stakeholders, and IT leadership to troubleshoot issues
Picks up on technical concepts quickly; quick learner, critical thinker, and a team player.
Good customer service skills
Strong verbal& written communication skills
LOCATION: HOUSTON, TX

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you are selected for a position, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post-offer/pre-placement drug test (and medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process.
