Arthur Lawrence is urgently looking for Business Analyst for a client in Houston, TX. Kindly review the job requirements below. Your immediate application will enable us to place you successfully. Must Have Experience providing services as Business Analyst Solid experience in Salesforce CRM and Cloud Services Experience with end to end implementation, systems development, implementation, and integration Experience with developing and executing product roadmap Nice to Have Salesforce Certification Cloud Certification Contact Information Talent Advocate Ebad Qamar Call (832) 240-3246 Email resumearthurlawrence.net mailtoresumearthurlawrence.net Applicants must have valid work authorization in the United States, as visa sponsorship is not available at this time. About Us Arthur Lawrence is a management and technology consulting firm providing enterprise-wide business transformation and business applications implementation services. Our in-depth technical knowledge and broad experience of working with world-class companies enables organizations to leverage our capabilities in developing winning strategies and cost-effective solutions. We are an UN Women Empowerment Principle Signatory and are certified from National Minority Supplier Development Council. Acknowledgements from Industry Peers Winner of Entrepreneur 360 Award (2019) IAOP Award Ranked in top 100 internationally Arthur Lawrence ranked within the Inc 5000 twicemdashin 2016 and 2017 as one of the fastest growing companies of America. Named one of the top ten fastest growing businesses in Houston in 2016. Ranked 25th in the HBJrsquos Fast 100 Private Companies Award in 2017. Our Seven Pillars We rely on the seven core values that we believe enable us to deliver quality for our consultants and clients Education, Integrity, Value Creation, Collaboration, Best Client, Best People and Stewardship Through strict adherence to these core values we have achieved success beyond all documented forecasts and anticipation. For more information, visit www.arthurlawrence.net httpwww.arthurlawrence.net
