Title: Functional Salesforce Business Analyst
Location: Remote
Rate: DOE
Duration: 6+ months
Interview times for next week

Our client is looking for an Salesforce Business Analyst to help them with the following initiatives:

Must Haves:
Experience in Salesforce (SFDC) CRM- Sales and Service Cloud end to end implementation experience, systems development, implementation, integration experience, including between different business systems as well as working with integration tools, QA testing, system design and analysis, project management, conducting training, strong analytical skills and communication skills.

Job Summary
Conducts business process analysis, detailed requirement gathering, document user stories, prioritize backlog and preliminary cost/benefit analyses in an effort to align information technology solutions with business initiatives.
II. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the assigned essential duties satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned and duties may vary by department.
" Possess a fundamental understanding of end-to-end customer experience integration and dependencies.
" Works in an Agile environment and continuously reviews the business needs, refines priorities, outlines milestones and deliverables, and identifies opportunities and risks.
" Develops, owns, and executes product roadmap.
" Translates product roadmap features into well-defined product requirements including features, epics, user stories, and acceptance test criteria.
" Prioritizes and maintains the sprint backlog for assigned products, balancing the requirements of stakeholders.
" Work collaboratively with team members to design a solution that will meet business requirements and fulfill user stories
" Acts as a liaison between technical staff and business owners.
" Collaborate with developers to test and verify that solutions will meet the business requirements
" Participate in key meetings including discovery sessions, sprint demos, user acceptance testing, and end user training

Please send resumes to michael.meade@mondo.com
