THE COMPANY

Sunnova is a leader in residential solar, battery storage and system protection services, with customers across the U.S. and its territories. We are your source for clean, affordable, and reliable energy, with a simple mission: to power energy independence so our customers have the freedom to live life uninterrupted®.

Founded in 2012 and headquartered in Houston, Texas, we work to attract and retain only the best people who have the potential to make us better than we are today. We are always looking for talented and motivated individuals who thrive in a fast-paced, continuous improvement environment and want to change the world of energy.

Sunnova Energy Corporation is currently searching for a Solar Performance Analyst, reporting to the Technical Operations Manager.

THE POSITION

The Solar Performance Analyst will collect, analyze, and report solar energy production data on Sunnova’s fleet of solar systems. The analyst will be tasked with identifying any issues in system or fleet performance data and determining root causes and remedies. This position will also assist in managing the data aspect of the solar equipment that is utilized by Sunnova and will require knowledge of residential PV system operation and engineering.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Gather energy production data and information from our systems and equipment
Evaluate and analyze data to create, interpret and communicate required reports to both internal and external data customers with complete accuracy
Participate in the design and implementation of IT projects to support recurring activities of the business
Create and monitor daily, bi-weekly, monthly, and annual performance benchmarks and assess the fleet accordingly
Assist with the management of equipment attributes required for system simulation
Respond to significant events with custom analysis and task completion
JOB REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s degree in a science/technology/engineering/mathematics field, advanced degree preferred
Minimum of 3+ years of experience in data analysis and reporting, 1+ years of experience performing data analysis in the solar industry strongly preferred
Advanced skills with the Python programming language and specifically the pandas and numpy data analysis packages, 1+ years experience required, 3+ years preferred
Knowledge of residential solar system equipment and operation preferred
Strong analytical skills with the ability to exercise independent research
Must be able to communicate complex analysis and conclusions to non-technical people verbally, in writing and prepare presentations
Intermediate skills with Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint
LOCATION: HOUSTON, TX

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you are selected for a position, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post-offer/pre-placement drug test (and medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process.
