JOB SUMMARY

Under general supervision, formulates and defines systems scope and objectives through research and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. With this knowledge, develops or modifies moderately complex information systems. Includes analysis of business and user needs, documenting requirements, and revising existing system logic difficulties as necessary. Competent to work in some phases of systems analysis and considers the business implications of the application of technology to the current business environment. Generally uses existing procedures to resolve standard problems.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Provides end user support for a specific application while learning about the application and customer.

Assists in application implementations and assists in testing end user processes using defined guidelines.

Updates existing application tables and verifies the accuracy.

Collects data and runs basic reports in response to client inquiries as directed by more senior associates.

Interacts with clients, both internal and external, to supply basic information.

Analyzes business and user needs, documenting requirements, with the guidance of a senior associate.

Documents business rules/functional requirements to support system enhancements with the guidance of a senior associate.

Logs and tracks basic problems/work tickets with external product vendors or support organizations.

Performs other duties as assigned.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as functional guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project.

QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

SQL experience preferred.

EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE

Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from 4-year college or university required. Minimum of 2 years of related experience and/or training. 0-3 years of experience preferred.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES

None.

COMMUNICATION SKILLS

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE

Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills.

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES

Intermediate experience in MS Office Products (Excel, Access, Power Point, Word, etc). Heavy emphasis on Excel and PowerPoint. Ability to use query and report generation tools. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Basic SQL knowledge and able to comprehend system design. Strong communications and service oriented.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to coworkers and supervisor.
