At Murphy Oil Corporation, we believe the rich experiences and backgrounds of our employees strengthen our Company, create a productive workforce, and drive our success. We encourage you to apply for the positions for which you meet the qualifications.

Work Schedule: USA - 9 hrs / day - 4 hrs on Fri
Company: Murphy Expl & Prod Co - USA
Division: Onshore Operations
Worksite: Houston - 0329
Location: Houston, Texas

Job Summary

The Business Systems Analyst (BSA) plays a key role on the Production Reporting Team. This BSA should have a diverse background, strong functional skills and comprehends business process as well as technical proficiencies. Their knowledge and expertise are critical to the success of the Production Reporting Team.

The Business Systems Analyst will work directly with internal business users of our applications to provide real-time support. In the course of this support, the BSA manages the process of problem response, triage and manages the team’s documentation of defects and communicates remediation.

This Business System Analyst must have leadership experience, understand the urgency of issues and drive and own tasks until completed.

Responsibilities
Support key production applications such as ProdView, eVIN, ProCount, Carte, FlowCal, Spotfire.
Examples include: User Training, Report Writing and SQL queries, Software Upgrades, Create / Edit Carte Reports, Trouble Shooting Software Bugs, Create / Edit eVIN screens.
Support operations by setting up new wells, setting up allocations’ networks, flow changes, allocation formulas, assisting with month end close.
Lead projects to streamline our business. (Software Upgrades, New Allocation Scenarios, Business Process Updates, Application Testing, Software Implementation, New Carte Views).
Willingness to work extended hours when necessary to meet schedules and provide support for production implementations.
Self-motivated, able to handle multiple projects simultaneously and complete assigned tasks with minimal supervision.
Travel to field as needed
Qualifications/Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science or Business Management
Minimum 5 years’ experience in writing SQL scripts, supporting applications in upstream oil and gas.
Peloton / ProdView Applications
Flow Network Diagram and Allocations
Field Data Capture
Experience working with Canadian assets.
Desired/Preferred Qualifications
Previous experience consulting with a big 4 or other consulting firm.
Proven track record leading projects.
Spotfire
Advanced Programming Skills (Database Creation, SSIS, .Net, Java, C#)
Familiarity with Windows Server environments and infrastructure (IIS, File Shares etc.)
Basic SCADA experience (Cygnet, Canary); familiarity with SCADA data and interfaces.
Fast Learning
Opportunities to grow and learn
PURPOSE

We believe in providing energy that empowers people.

MISSION

We challenge the norm, tap into our strong legacy and use our foresight and financial discipline to deliver inspired energy solutions.

VISION

We see a future where we are an industry leader who is positively impacting lives for the next 100 years and beyond.

VALUES & BEHAVIORS

Do Right Always
Respect people, safety, environment and the law
Follow through on commitments
Make it better
Think Beyond Possible
Offer solution
Step up and lead
Don’t settle for “good enough”
Embrace new opportunities
Stay With It
Show resilience
Lean into challenges
Support each other
Consider the implications
Murphy Oil Corporation participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services' E-Verify program. Please read the E-Verify Notice-English / E-Verify Notice-Spanish and Right to Work Notice before proceeding with your job application.

For additional information, you may also visit the USCIS website.

Murphy Oil Corporation is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, genetic information, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, protected veteran status or any other category protected by federal, state or local law.
EEO is the Law Poster
EEO is the Law Supplement
