Title: Business Analyst<b>
Location: Houston, TX
Duration: Long Term
Rate: 35 $ phr on w2 or 40 $ phr on Corp- Corp

Role:<b>
Acts as a liaison between the Technology and the business of new systems and enhancement of existing systems. Converts functional requirements to technical requirements. Conducts advanced level business process analysis, needs assessments and preliminary cost/benefit analysis in an effort to align Technology solutions with business initiatives.

Essential Functions & Responsibilities:<b>
E 50% Acts as a liaison between technical staff and business owners.
Contributes advanced knowledge in formulating systems scope and objectives relative to the organization's business plan and user requirements, process flow definitions and functional specifications.
Documents requirements and formulates test plans with QA and other partner groups prior to requesting business user testing.
E 30% Coordinates with users to determine and document business and user requirements, process flow definitions, and functional specifications.
Responsible for document repositories, maintenance and updates of project documentation library.
E 15% Leads project team with gaining business user acceptance.
Reviews progress and evaluates results for accuracy and efficiency.
N 5% Other job duties as assigned.

Knowledge and Skills:<b>
Experience:

Â

* 5 years of relevant work experience (in addition to education requirement).<b>
Education:<b>
Bachelor's Degree (accredited) in Computer Science, MIS, Business Administration, or in lieu of degree, High School Diploma or GED (accredited) and 4 years of relevant work experience.

Interpersonal Skills:<b>
Courtesy, tact, and diplomacy are essential elements of the job. Work involves much personal contact with others inside and/or outside the organization for purposes of giving or obtaining information, building relationships, or soliciting cooperation.

Other Skills:<b>
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with attention to details.
Must be able to take a lead role to analyze data to identify opportunities for improvement.
Demonstrates expert knowledge in working with integration and interfaces to other systems.
Extensive PC software skills and experience; including Microsoft Word/Excel/Access/ Project, and other database management and reporting software.
Requires documentation expertise including experience creating Business Requirements, Functional and Non-Functional Requirements, Workflows, etc.
Background in business process analysis, system requirements, as well as data modeling and detailed functional design.
Advanced knowledge or skills in one or more of the following is required:<b>
* Systems development, implementation, upgrades and related analysis.
QA testing, business analyst methodologies, system design and analysis.
Advanced analytical thinking and creative problem solving, (ability to define multiple approaches to business problems, exposure to business process re-engineering).
Strong analytical problem-solving skills, analysis and design skills, communication and documentation skills, and strong customer service skills.
Must have expert computer skills in working with office applications such as word processing and spreadsheet applications.
Must have organizational skills with special attention on details and be able to work independently.
Must demonstrate ability to provide guidance to junior staff.
Demonstrable proficiency in simultaneously managing multiple priorities and assignments.
Demonstrates ability to utilize personal computers and standard office equipment.
Demonstrates proficiency to maintain expert knowledge about the system through participation in vendor classes, vendor client conferences, and working with vendor support.
Demonstrates proficiency in maintaining operational procedures to ensure data integrity and maximum system availability.
Demonstrates proficiency in documenting application specific support information (e.g. developing Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ), daily procedures, etc.) and maintaining the information on the Intranet.
Experience with Agile Software Development, Continuous Delivery and DevOps practices.
Experience in Web, Ecommerce and Mobile technology-based projects.
