Position Purpose:
Perform various analysis and interpretation to link business needs and objectives for assigned function.

Support business initiatives through data analysis, identification of implementation barriers and user acceptance testing of various systems
Identify and analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve existing processes
Perform detailed analysis on multiple projects, recommend potential business solutions and ensure successful implementations
Identify ways to enhance performance management and operational reports related to new business implementation processes
Coordinate with various business units and departments in the development and delivery of training programs
Develop, share, and incorporate organizational best practices into business applications
Diagnose problems and identify opportunities for process redesign and improvement
Formulate and update departmental policies and procedures
Serve as the subject matter expert on the assigned function product to ensure operational performance.
Ability to travel

Education/Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4-6 years of business process or data analysis experience, preferably in healthcare. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access preferred. Project management experience preferred.

Medicare
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4 years of business process analysis (i.e. documenting business process, gathering requirements). Experience in healthcare industry, preferably with managed care techniques and administrative philosophy. Experience in managed health care experience, preferably with Medicare. Experience working with and leading diverse teams in matrix managed environments. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft applications, including Excel and Access preferred. Project management experience preferred.


Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.
