McLane Global, based in Houston, TX, is a US based international and domestic food manufacturer, marketer, and supply chain expert. The McLane history spans over 125+ years of food sales and distribution experience. The company is in an impressive growth mode with 400%+ in the last 3 years. McLane Global has an aggressive plan for continued double digit growth over the next decade with a complex business model that includes revenue streams in several complementary lines of business. In the next 5 years, the company has aggressive location expansion plans.

The Opportunity:

Data Analyst is a member of the Logistics Team and reports directly to the Director of Logistics & IT. The Data Analyst is responsible for developing and supporting company-wide information reporting, support customer EDI onboarding and production, and assisting the Business Application Owners for Dynamics AX. Using Power BI and other reporting applications, the individual will quickly and accurately develop, administer and support data reports and dashboards. This position understands the fundamentals of SQL databases and; also, the nuance of visual presentation of data to non-technical customers. We seek candidates who are highly motivated, value teamwork, and possess strong business process skills. At McLane Global we value honesty, integrity, and high ethical principles. Our expectation is that all team members value the same.

The Responsibilities:
Responsible for the production and support of management and operational reporting from Dynamix AX as well as other custom and package application databases that require reporting.
Assist and support to Dynamics AX Application Owner for AX system administration and release management planning/testing.
Provide application direction and release management for other peripheral applications such as Voxware, Vendor-specific shipping software portals, and customized Precision Forms configurations.
Collaborate with Application Owner and the Dynamics AX Architect to build and support data reports and dashboards while assisting in gathering requirements from end users and validating report integrity.
Operate, manage and support the EDI system integrated with Dynamics AX as the EDI Application Owner
Daily operate, monitor and support the functionality and data quality of customer portals including Custom 3PL customer portal for accuracy and reporting of data
Collaborate with all departments to improve data quality, process and reports
Learn the importance of company culture, policies, and safety procedures to develop and maintain a clean, safe, and productive workplace.
What You Bring:
Information Systems Degree and/or equivalent experience
Two years or more of Microsoft Dynamics AX experience
Two years or more of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) knowledge and experience
Working knowledge of SQL database and query reporting tools
Skills and experience with Power BI and other reporting tools within a predominantly Dynamics AX environment
Experience preferred in Voxware, PDF Editor, Bartender Label, Precision Forms, CargoWise, Internet Truck Stop (ITS), and shipping software – FedEx, UPS, USPS
Adept at working independently, but also in a team environment
Must be willing to travel up to 10%
McLane Global is a high energy and fast paced team environment. Our team wins every day, week, month, and year. Come be a part of a dynamic and inspiring team. Looking for a fun internship, in a collaborative and supportive environment? Our interns gain real world, hands-on experience in the world of logistics and supply chain.

Local Candidates Only

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Experience:
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI): 2 years (Required)
Microsoft Dynamics AX: 2 years (Required)
Bartender Label: 1 year (Preferred)
Precision Forms: 1 year (Preferred)
CargoWise: 1 year (Preferred)
Internet Truck Stop (ITS): 1 year (Preferred)
PDF Editor: 1 year (Preferred)
Voxware: 1 year (Preferred)
Location:
Houston, TX 77090 (Required)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you able to work in the United States without employer visa sponsorship?
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Other
Work Remotely:
No
