Home » New Job from Competentia
Business Analyst IV

Vacancy Number: 24280

Location: Houston

Date Posted: September 09, 2019

Business Analyst serves as a liaison to functional Business Leads in order to translate and prioritize requirements for assigned area project and maintenance work for GTM Operations. Key Responsibilities:
Indirect report to the Project Manager to assist with project scope definition and provide business analysis support throughout the project lifecycle.
May assist the Project Manager with project management tasks as needed, documentation, issues, change requests, status, etc.
Strong writing skills to prepare business cases, current state (as-is) and future state (to be) analysis, process flow mapping, RACI and RAPID model, business process optimization recommendations, workshop facilitations, and training content.
Assists the business in identifying proper controls, recommendations for automation, and understands integration with other interdependent programs.
Responsible for preparing business requirements (business rules, business/functional/technical) specifications and managing requests for changes to the specifications.
Maintains functional peer relationships and detailed working knowledge of the assigned areas systems, organization, and business processes.
Ability to translate business information into terms understandable by non-IT savvy personnel.
Coordinate and participate in UAT and testing activities.
Can act as a cross functional Business Analyst to support multiple areas of the business, as needed (e.g. pipeline integrity, facility integrity, asset management, work management, compliance, etc.)
Criteria & Qualifications
Business Analyst certification, related degree and/or a minimum of 10 years related experience within the oil and gas industry
Understanding of project lifecycle stage gating controls and importance of document and records management
Ability to support, adapt to change quickly, and move across various types of projects when needed
Excellent writing skills, problem solving skills, interpersonal skills, oral communication skills, and time management
Adept at interacting in both business and IT focused discussions with a strong understanding of information technology and its application to solving business problems
Ability to influence and negotiate with clients and 3rd party vendors
Proficient at operating within a North Americanly distributed team
Advanced experience with Microsoft Office products, especially Visio

Competentia is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or other status protected by law or regulation.

Competentia, participates in E-Verify as required by law.
