Job Description
About us:

Staffigo is in the business of providing IT Consulting Services to clients in various industries in the United States - Healthcare (Payer, Providers & Clearinghouses), Finance & Banking, Retail & E-Commerce. As our customers are being challenged by further advances in technology, the evolution of regulation and an ever more demanding customer base to retain, Staffigo continues to innovate, disrupt and to address the challenges that shape the future of our industry. While our team focuses on providing quality, we stand firmly behind our values of Hard Work - Constantly and Consistently. We always remember to be grateful for the opportunities provided to us.

We are currently seeking exceptional entry level talent for the below role.

Job Description:
Assist in the planning, design and development of new applications and enhancements to existing applications.
Meet with decision makers, systems owners, and end-users to define business requirements and systems goals, and identify and resolve business systems issues.
Ensure compatibility and interoperability of in-house computing systems.
Review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and develop strategies for improving or further leveraging these systems.
Acquisition & Deployment
Assist in the deployment of new applications and enhancements to existing applications.
Create system design proposals.
Perform cost-benefit and return on investment analyses for proposed systems to aid management in making implementation decisions.
Create systems models, specifications, diagrams and charts to provide direction to system programmers.
Coordinate and perform in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for modified and new systems.
Provide orientation and training to end-users for all modified and new systems.
Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements:
Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field of study.
No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
Must be Open for Re-Location.
Powered by JazzHR

5ziht1A8tm
