ESSENTIAL DUTIES
Internal evaluator is responsible for completing and/or coordinating the completion of all evaluations.
Internal evaluator is responsible for understanding and following the Bank’s appraisal policy, Appraisal and Evaluation procedures and Loan policy.
Evaluator shall obtain an appropriate evaluation of real property collateral that is consistent with safe and sound banking practices for a transaction that does not require the services of a state certified or licensed appraiser.
Determines methods used based on associated risks. Valuations should address the property’s actual physical condition and characteristics as well as the economic and market conditions that affect the estimate of the collateral’s market value.
Evaluator must be capable of rendering unbiased estimates of value and must have real estate related training or experience relevant to the type of property being evaluated.
The Internal Evaluator must document the facts and analysis to support the Bank’s conclusion that the existing appraisal or evaluation may be used in the subsequent transaction.
The evaluation should provide a reliable estimate of the collateral’s market value, as of a stated effective date, prior to the decision to extend credit.
Gather and analyze all information necessary to present a financing request to Senior Management or Loan Committee for approval.
Reinforces the application of superior customer service through his or her own example along with appropriate follow through with involved customers and employees.
Develops and maintains knowledge of Bank Loan Products, economy, market conditions, rates, vendors and competition.
Represents the Bank in various community, civic, and community reinvestment functions to further enhance the Bank’s image and develop additional business; assists the Bank in establishing and maintaining market position in the financing arena.
Consistently applies superior decision making techniques pertaining to evaluations.
Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works ethically and with integrity; upholds organizational values; accepts responsibility for own actions.
Requirements
Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Inspires teammates to follow them
Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Works well as a member of a group
Considered a thought leader on a subject
Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Inspired to perform without outside help
Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks
Inspired to perform well by having ample time to pursue work and interests outside of work
Inspired to perform well when granted the ability to set your own schedule and goals
Inspired to perform well by monetary reimbursement
Appraisal or Real Estate sales experience
Commercial property evaluation experience.
Banking property evaluation experience.
•\tCurrent Texas driver’s license and a vehicle with appropriate insurance coverage if required to drive in the course of performing assigned duties and responsibilities.
•\tIntermediate knowledge of commercial, construction, real estate loan processing.
•\tBasic knowledge of loan operation procedures, Bank products and services.
•\tAbility to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, and technical procedures.
•\tExcellent organizational and time management skills.
•\tAdvanced math skills; ability to calculate proportions, and percentages; balance accounts; add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals; locate routine mathematical errors; compute rate, ratio and percent, including the drafting and interpretation of bar graphs.
•\tExceptional verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to apply common sense to carry out instructions and instruct others, train personnel, write reports, correspondence and procedures, speak clearly to customers and employees.\n\n
•\tAbility to deal with complex problems involving multiple facets and variables in non-standardized situations.
