SUMMARY

The Operations Business Analyst is the liaison between internal business stakeholders, IT and external Clients. The Business Analyst will be responsible for analyzing the current system, writing and implementing requirements to enhance the software while monitoring the effectiveness to ensure that they advance the business objectives for HealthHelp. The candidate must have an aptitude to learn, critical thinking, problem solving and analytical skills in order to manage multiple project requests at one time and when needed, will be required to perform both project management (project plan, project scope) and business analysis (operational workflow, process efficiency, system gap analysis) responsibilities.

Required Skills

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Supports and partners with business stakeholder to ensure alignment of systems with business objectives
Performs data validation to ensure accuracy and appropriateness of operational activities related to existing business processes or new implementation projects
Defines application problem by conferring with internal and external clients; evaluating procedures and processes
Write business requirements, use cases, and test cases for new program or changes to existing application to support business objective
Perform exploratory/opportunistic data analysis to identify trends, patterns, correlations, and translate the data to written, actionable business recommendations in a clear and compelling manner
Maintains thorough and concise documentation for tracking of all Programs, Clinical Ops, Client Services, Operations Change Control request forms or issues for SOX Compliance purposes.
Takes responsibility for analyzing and documenting resource requirements for assigned scope of responsibilities.
Leads knowledge capture, process, and information management within the scope of responsibilities.
Required Experience

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE
Bachelor degree is required, a degree focused on Technology, Business Operations, Management Information Systems, or computer technology is required, and/or an MS/MBA is a plus.
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in Business Analysis or technical Software Analysis role
Technical writing and documentation skills are essential. Intermediate to Advanced skills with Microsoft Office tools (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio. Project) necessary to document, track and present information related to the project
Ability to communicate effectively to both business stakeholder and technical team
Ability to develop business process models, write use cases and design user interface requirements.
Strong quantitative, analytical, problem solving, organizational, communication and interpersonal skills are required.
Strong ad-hoc SQL query skills and knowledge of relational databases and ability to independently extract data using multiple tables, joins, and various complex data manipulation query logic statements.
Attention to detail, maintaining high quality standards, and superior work ethic is a must
Ability to prioritize and manage concurrent projects while still delivering timely and accurate results
Demonstrate initiative and work independently with minimal supervision.
Strong understanding of the software development life cycle and experience with project planning tools and methodologies.
Ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Collaboration and cooperation with internal staff and external customers is a must to be successful in this role.
Experience in a managed care environment strongly preferred.
Job Location
Houston, US-TX
