Business Analyst III
Houston, TX 77002
Pay Rate: $70/hr - $80/hr
Contract through 12/2020 (Extended)

I. Job Summary
Conducts highly complex business process analyses, needs assessments, and preliminary cost/benefit analyses in an effort to align information technology solutions with business initiatives.

II. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the assigned essential duties satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned and duties may vary by department.
Works at the highest technical level of most phases of systems analysis while considering the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment.
Coordinates with users to determine business and user requirements, process flow definitions, and functional specifications.
Coordinates documentation of requirements and formulation of test plans.
Develops and manages development of highly complex information systems, or revisions to existing system logic difficulties as necessary to meet business requirements.
Reviews progress and evaluates results for accuracy and efficiency.
Acts as a liaison between technical staff and business owners.
Guides and advises less-experienced Business Systems Analysts and other computer support staff.
Acts as team leader on systems projects. Establishes and communicates common goal and direction for the team. Coordinates activities of the project team, project plans, and assists in monitoring project schedules and costs.
III. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES
Some informal supervisory duties, such as delegation of tasks, may be required.
IV. QUALIFICATIONS

REQUIRED:
Bachelor's Degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, MIS, Business Administration or similar area of study, and seven or more years previous experience.
Preferred: Master's Degree.
B. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS
Preferred: PMI Certification.
C. OTHER KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS OR ABILITIES REQUIRED
Scrum/Agile experience using JIRA
May require intermediate skills in one or more of the following:
PeopleSoft HRMS systems development, implementation, upgrades and analyses, QA testing, catalyst or unified business modeling, system design and analysis, web application development, imaging technology, subject matter knowledge such as benefits, payroll, and basic accounting, project management, conducting training, strong analytical skills and communication skills.
V. WORK ENVIRONMENT
Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.
Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day;
Required to exert physical effort in handling objects less than 30 pounds rarely;
Required to be exposed to physical occupational risks (such as cuts, burns, exposure to toxic chemicals, etc) rarely;
Required to be exposed to physical environment which involves dirt, odors, noise, weather extremes or similar elements rarely;
Normal setting for this job is an office setting.
