Citi is looking for Summer Analysts to intern at the Commodities division in Houston, Texas. The Commodities business falls under the Citis Markets & Securities Services division, and we are a top global Commodities bank. Our capabilities include trading and marketing commodities and commodity derivatives in power, natural gas, and crude oil and oil products. Our Summer Analyst program is a highly competitive program that gives you the opportunity to work on teams that participate in risk management, marketing, origination, structured products, logistics or fundamental analysis. As a Summer Analyst, you will be placed on a desk within Commodities and work closely with salespeople or traders.
Your time here will look something like this...
You will work on your assigned desk performing a variety of functions, adding more value as you develop. Analysts will spend the summer in one of the following: risk management, marketing, origination, structured products, logistics or fundamentals.
We provide you with the knowledge and skills you need to succeed.
Summer Analysts participate in a comprehensive training program that is taught by skilled external consultants along with selected professionals with industry and product expertise. Courses taught include oil fundamentals, power fundamentals, natural gas fundamentals, overview of derivative products, option pricing, risk management, and trading simulations. You will also be given exposure to both junior and senior level professionals throughout the course of your internship. The networks built through the Summer Analyst Program will continue to act as a resource throughout your career. Successful interns with a strong interest in energy markets will be offered a full-time position in Citis Analyst Program.
We want to hear from you if...
Creative in solving problems
Intellectually curious about markets
Skilled at quantitative reasoning
Skilled at programming
Hard-working and diligent
Enthusiastic
Quick-thinking
Able to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously
Articulate in oral and written communication
Cooperative; focused on achieving the group and client objectives
Detail-Oriented
Who we think will be a great fit...
We hire talented people who are obtaining bachelors degrees for our Markets & Securities Services: Commodities Program. We are seeking college students who will be entering the summer prior to their senior year. We will consider applicants with a 3.3 GPA or above from a variety of universities. Programming and statistics skills are strongly encouraged. Must graduate between Fall 2021 and Spring 2022.
