Thusa is looking for a Business Analyst to join our team. The Business Analyst will facilitate and manage projects by serving as the liaison for users and developers. This role is responsible for communicating goals and evaluating results as requested.

The ideal candidate has a curious mind and enjoys taking a challenging problem, breaking it down into sections, reviewing the information, and asking the right questions. This person must have exceptional people skills as well as creative solutions.

Responsibilities:
Develop and communicate Develop and communicate detailed specifications for implementation while maintaining customer expectations. Produce reports, timelines, and graphics to communicate expectations and progress to management, customers, investors, and other relevant parties.
Research and test - Research and analyze the nature, effect, and results of system difficulties. Work closely with IT team to satisfy data sampling, project analysis, testing verification, and other user requests from existing client databases.
Collaborate Work closely with colleagues to understand technical needs. Understand how any disruptions will potentially change a project and affect the business. Communicate with team leads to ensure client satisfaction, and provide recommendations as needed.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Business, or a related field
Five to seven years of related experience
Excellent communication and customer service skills
Experienced management skills with the ability to lead, facilitate, motivate and organize
Thusa is dedicated to delivering holistic solutions through our customized qualifying methods in which we make the upfront investment to thoroughly qualify our talent. We take the time to build real relationships with our clients and resources. In addition to that, we go the extra mile to make sure that our workforce is happy, dedicated, and appreciated so that they will always be ready to deliver quality while on your clock. dedicated to delivering holistic solutions through our customized qualifying methods in which we make the upfront investment to thoroughly qualify our talent. We take the time to build real relationships with our clients and resources. In addition to that, we go the extra mile to make sure that our workforce is happy, dedicated, and appreciated so that they will always be ready to deliver quality while on your clock.

Our employees enjoy a work culture that promotes company priorities.

We treat our employees like family while providing on-going support for growth. We are not only looking for people who can do the job, we are also looking for our future leaders.

Powered by JazzHR
