JOB TITLE: Analyst, Business Process Outsourcing

JOB CLASSIFICATION: Exempt

REPORTS TO: Manager, Business Process Outsourcing

JOB PURPOSE:

The successful applicant will join a team focused on delivering maximum value for internal business customers through the provision of outsourced, automated, and shared services. In this role, you will maintain excellent standards of customer service through the management and delivery of outsourced and in-house underwriting, claims and financial support services. You will work with various Argo business stakeholders to identify areas where process improvement, outsourcing, and/or automation can help meet business goals. You will evaluate, analyze, and report out on performance to Service Levels, Expenses, and value creation. You will be a key contact for our outsourcing and automation partners, bridging communication and process rollouts between the Argo business unit and our outsourcing/automation partners.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create value and capacity across multiple Argo business units through the leveraging of outsourcing, process optimization, and automation.
Utilize data and business input to identify opportunities for process efficiency and standardization across Argo Business Units.
Pull from available data points to clearly evaluate performance, identify problem areas, and inform business decisions. Utilize this data in regular communication with the business and outsourcing partners.
Partner with Argo Business Units to set Service Level goals and defined desired outcomes for outsourced and/or automated activities and actively manage our partner(s) to meet and exceed them.
Prepare process maps, procedure manuals and conduct training with outsourcing partner. Work directly with internal business customers to build, review and update such materials as required.
Transition new tasks and work types to our outsourcing partners using project management techniques to ensure new task are implemented on time and to requirements.
Effectively communicate across multiple levels of Argo management, vendor contacts, and all key stakeholders within relevant support areas to influence and drive efficiency, performance and process excellence.
Act as a primary point of contact with business users for changes, issues, and communication regarding outsourced and automation performance.
Serve as subject matter expert on the fulfilment of various tasks in support of our business partners.
Ensure that Quality Controls are in place. Perform root cause analysis where quality issues occur.
Provide appropriate channels for exception routing, query resolution, and business feedback.
Other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
2-3 Years of Experience in Underwriting, Claims, or Financial Operations
1-2 Years of Experience performing business analysis, with a high level of competency utilizing analytical tools to create dashboards and reports providing operational insights
Experience in managing a vendor and/or the setting and maintaining of operational Service Levels
Exposure to Project Management spanning multiple stakeholders
Bachelor’s degree required
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including listening skills
Strong problem solving and analytical skills
Strong organizational skills with the ability to balance and prioritize competing demands
Advanced working knowledge of MS Office Suite
Experience working with analytical tools and dashboards such as Tableau or Power BI a plus
Experience working with BPM/Workflow tools such as Appian, Pega, or similar a plus
Team spirit, enthusiasm and ability to cooperate with others to accomplish goals
Comfortable working alone and in teams
PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment at Argo Group, please contact our Benefits Department at 210-321-8400.

To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.
