The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for building and creating analytics and interpret data to solve key business problems. This role will have a specific focus on improving operational efficiency and driving revenue. This will include the development of metrics, dashboards, and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) using various databases and reporting tools (e.g., Domo). The BI Analyst will partner closely with the operational business units to design, standardize, and produce scalable and useful analytics and reporting.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Actively participate in and influence discussions around reporting requirements, infrastructure needs and design.

Bring structure to ambiguous business problems and recommend visualization solutions that can be easily interpreted by users.

Design and build queries, reports and dashboards using business intelligence tools adhering to established frameworks and standards.

Consistently deliver high-quality business intelligence solutions and services to clients on schedule.

Serve as end user support for the organizational user base.

Provide subject matter expertise for multiple projects concurrently through all phases of the development lifecycle.

Exercise flexibility in handling multiple tasks in a fast-paced start-up environment

Work with internal teams to deliver standard and ad hoc reports to meet the needs of the business.

Assist with other team initiatives and projects such as business process improvement and strategic initiatives.

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in an Analytical field – such as Economics, Statistics, Math, or Computer Science

Experience with business intelligence tools and data visualization concepts such as Domo, Tableau, and PowerBI.

Sound understanding of BI best practices and methodologies

Experience with relational structures, structured query language (SQL), data warehouse and reporting techniques.

Intellectually curious

Passion for solving problems using data and analytics

Experience using analytical software tools to analyze data

Exceptional problem-solving skills

Ability to summarize analysis into actionable recommendations

Desire to work in a highly collaborative fast-paced environment

Benefits

Medical, Dental, and Vision Plan

401K Plan

Paid Leave (vacation, sick time, and company holidays)

Casual dress environment

Professional growth & career longevity
