Covetrus is a global animal-health technology and services company dedicated to empowering veterinary practice partners to drive improved health and financial outcomes. Were bringing together products, services, and technology into a single platform that connects our customers to the solutions and insights they need to work best. Our passion for the well-being of animals and those who care for them drives us to advance the world of veterinary medicine. Covetrus is headquartered in Portland, Maine, with more than 5,000 employees, serving over 100,000 customers around the globe.

SUMMARY
The Senior Business Analyst is responsible for product execution throughout the product lifecycle, including conducting research, creating and aligning product strategy with corporate strategy, defining the product roadmap, requirements gathering and documentation, release management and readiness of their products, measuring the effects of these activities, and using metrics to feedback into the process. This role has an additional critical function of working closely with other product managers to align roadmaps and works closely with other stakeholders to define the product strategies.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Communicate clear priorities and status of roadmap items to all stakeholders. Responsible for maintaining relationships and understanding expectations.
Work closely with internal customers in order to understand customer issues and propose solutions.
Manage, coordinate, and establish priorities for complete product life-cycle including the planning, design, development, testing, implementation, and commercialization of business solutions.
Support the creation of business cases for future project proposals, highlighting how new business opportunities are expected to promote sustainable business growth.
Work with cross-company product managers to ensure strategic product roadmaps are successfully executed.
Implement key metrics for product features and analyze metrics to verify objectives are progressing as planned.
Initiate marketing strategies, maintain product development roadmaps, and execute product launch activities.
Participate in and foster a working environment where creativity, innovation, ownership, and teamwork are encouraged and rewarded.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

None
QUALIFICATIONS:
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Business/Marketing Degree with Computer Science minor, or equivalent work experience
7+ years of software product management/business analyst experience
Experience in an AGILE working environment
Industry experience in IT-enabled healthcare or animal health is highly desirable.
Exposure to project management/information sharing tools like JIRA, Confluence, Lucid Charts, Balsamiq, etc. highly desirable.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS
None
COMPETENCIES (SKILLS AND ABILITIES)
Deep understanding of Agile product lifecycle; including planning, development, and implementation.
Exceptional communication, presentation, active listening, analytical, and financial skills.
Strong leadership capabilities with experience in managing cross-functional teams, especially in highly leveraged, fast growth environments.
Ability to think critically and creatively and to contribute in a team environment.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORK ENVIRONMENT

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Pet friendly environment
Extensive computer work
Covetrus is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
