We are currently seeking a Senior Business Analyst who will advance the institutions proud tradition of excellence in academics, student life and community service.

In addition, when issues arise with the PeopleSoft end-user system, your challenge will be determining whether its the business process that needs tweaking, the software modifications or both.

If this sounds like the role for you and youre ready to join an amazing team, please apply.

EDUCATION

Bachelors degree from an accredited institution in Computer Science or a related field required. Eight (8) years directly related work experience may be substituted in lieu of degree.

EXPERIENCE

Three (3) years experience with progressively increasing responsibility in related subject matter.

Two (2) years experience as a business analyst working with PeopleSoft in production required.

Experience implementing PeopleSoft required.

Experience in a community college environment preferred.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

Possess excellent verbal and written communications skills

Ability to function independently on project work and to interface with all levels of the HCC organization in carrying out the duties of this position

Ability to organize data in clear and logical manner for reporting purposes

Ability to analyze and evaluate complex information from internal and external sources

The Organization

Houston Community College (HCC) is an open-admission, public institution of higher education offering a high-quality, affordable education for academic advancement, workforce training, career development and lifelong learning to prepare individuals in our diverse communities for life and work in a global and technological society. Were proud to say that 98 percent of our graduates step into a job in their field of study immediately upon graduation. One of the largest community colleges in the nation, HCC has served the Greater Houston area for over four decades. Accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and the Schools Commission on Colleges, we offer 300+ associate degree and certificate programs to 75,000+ students across 13 Centers of Excellence and online each semester. We are proud to be No.1 among all community colleges in the nation in providing associate degrees to minorities and No.1 in educating international students, with 10.4 percent of our student population from outside the USA. Our vision is to become the Employer of Choice in support of our mission for Student Success by attracting, retaining and motivating the best employees.

The Team

Play a central role at HCC as you keep our everyday operations running like clockwork. Youll get the chance to make things happen and work closely with inspiring leaders across different parts of the institution. Whether your role is supportive, administrative, financial or something else, youll be part of a dynamic team that not only provides HCC students with cutting-edge academic and career tools, it also takes care of its people.

Location

Houston is a city with limitless possibilities:
Fourth-largest city in the U.S. and home to 54 Fortune 500 companies, second only to New York Citys 55.
145 languages are spoken here.
Overall after-taxes living costs are 5.6 percent below the average for all 308 urban areas recently surveyed.
Houston is a major-league sports town, and dont forget the annual Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo.
The weather is great! Mild winters ensure that outdoor activities can be enjoyed year-round.
World-renowned medical care. The Houston metro area has long been known for its first-rate health care system, with many Houston area hospitals consistently ranking among the nations top institutions.
With over 150 museums and cultural institutions in the Greater Houston area, museums are a large part of Houstons cultural scene.
Houston is the Culture & Culinary Capital of Texas with more than 7,500 restaurants and eating establishments covering 60+ cuisines.
EEO Statement

Houston Community College does not discriminate on the bases of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity and expression, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or veterans status. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies

David Cross, Director EEO/Compliance, Title IX Coordinator
Office of Institutional Equity

PO Box 667517

Houston TX, 77266

713 718.8271 or Institutional.Equity@hccs.edu

HCC values its employees and their contributions, promotes opportunities for their professional growth and development, and provides a positive working and learning environment that encourages diversity, innovation and creativity, and inclusion.

Individuals with disabilities, who require special accommodations to interview, should contact (713) 718-8565.
