POSITION OVERVIEW

As the knowledge leader in capital metrics & reporting, this is a critical role within the Project Engineering Team. This role insures that the CAPEX Plan is well documented and Plan progress throughout the year is measured and communicated within Engineering and throughout the organization.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Work closely with the Project Managers and Engineering leadership to insure that efficient reporting processes are in place to communicate project status and forecasts.
Work closely with the CPE&A Leader to ensure that the capital process is efficient in execution and to identify issues as seen through analysis of the project metrics.
Facilitates the transition to a Corporate Capital Portfolio Management System
Facilitate the stage gate capital approval process for all projects.
Ensure the CAPEX Plan is maintained and kept updated monthly.
Ensure that Capital Project related spend and forecast data is properly communicated within Ascend
Ensure that capital project closures are completed in a timely manner.
Ensure that reporting, documentation, and metrics are consistently implemented across all Ascend Sites
Ensure that monthly project metrics are completed at each site and communicated broadly.
Maintain Project Engineering documentation via SharePoint Site
Coordinate and facilitate organization wide training, events, and meetings
Perform On-boarding and training for new Project Managers on the Capital Process and Tools
Support project audits as requested
TARGETED OUTCOMES
A monthly report on the cost and schedule status of each project in the CAPEX Plan.
Define and implement project metrics that improve project execution
Works with the Site Engineering leaders to improve forecast accuracy
Aggregated monthly reports as needed to clearly and concisely communicate Engineering Project status.
Coordinates the flow of projects through the stage gate process via the monthly Steering Committee Meeting
Analysis of cost trends based on project forecasts to assist in managing the CAPEX Plan throughout the year.
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE
Minimum 3 years in the project management process
Bachelors Degree in engineering, Project Management, Construction Management or related field is a plus
REQUIRED SKILLS
Mastery of Microsoft Power BI application
Working Knowledge of SQL. Understanding the different types of relational tables and ability to Design a data warehouse comprised of many different sources.
Mastery of project tracking applications, SAP, and Microsoft Office products (Power Point , Excel).
Strong sense of ownership and a drive to improve existing systems and processes by creative and innovative approaches
Proven ability to work effectively throughout the organization in a fast paced matrix-structured reporting organization
Solid interpersonal and organizational skills with excellent verbal and written communication capabilities
Demonstrated commitment to proactively deliver customer success
Strong people leadership capabilities
Proven ability to influence others without any direct authority / reporting relationship
Why work at Ascend?

Our vision is to be the recognized leader in the nylon 6,6 value chain, creating new possibilities with PA66 for everyone, everywhere, every day. We achieve that through living our Ascend values.

We care. We operate safely with high integrity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our people are our greatest assets, and our Total Rewards Program extends beyond traditional benefits to include access to on-site medical clinics at our U.S. facilities, a global wellness rewards program and Performance Matters, an employee-driven recognition plan. Our Commitment to Zero demonstrates our belief that is it possible to operate with zero personal injuries, zero process safety incidents and zero environmental releases. And the Ascend Cares Foundation, led by Ascend employees, supports Ascend families in times of need, provides inspiring opportunities for community engagement and facilitates community leadership.

Customer-focused. We exist for our customers; they drive our actions. Their success is our success. Our plastics and chemicals are building blocks that help make everyday essentials safer and more sustainable, and we constantly strive to develop new and innovative products to meet the future needs of our customers. And that customer focus doesn’t only apply to the marketplace – it also applies to how we treat our colleagues and our fellow community members.

Better every day. We invest in our people and our processes to improve every day. A2E, our continuous improvement program, guides the way we do business. And this way of problem solving applies not only to our manufacturing practices but also to our commitment to developing our people. You’ll see it during your career at Ascend in our leadership development, skills training and mentoring programs

Agile. We think broadly and lead proactively in a constantly evolving organization and industry. Agility doesn’t mean simply working quickly – it means critical thinking, creative problem solving and novel approaches to everyday challenges.

One Ascend. All together, with a common set of goals and an eye toward the future. We don’t accept silos. We look for ways to share across departments, sites and geography. This means you won’t be boxed into a single role at Ascend – you could get the chance to work with teams across the globe to improve the way we serve our people, our customers and our communities.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws.
