Arthur Lawrence is urgently looking for Business Analyst (Website and Chat Channel) for contract position in Houston, TX. It s 6+ months W2 contract for our direct client. Kindly review the job requirements below. Your immediate application will enable us to place you successfully. Must Have Experience working as Business Analyst for website and Chat channel Working experience with Amazon lex or similar technologies Experience maintaining the website for end-user experience and customer order management Integration experience between different business systems, working with integration tools, Product owners, QA testing, system design and analysis. Strong training, analytical and communication skills. Contact Information Talent Advocate Ahsan Call 832-240-2093 Email resumearhurlawrence.net Applicants must have valid work authorization in the United States, as visa sponsorship is not available at this time. About Us Arthur Lawrence is a management and technology consulting firm providing enterprise-wide business transformation and business applications implementation services. Our in-depth technical knowledge and broad experience of working with world-class companies enables organizations to leverage our capabilities in developing winning strategies and cost-effective solutions. We are an UN Women Empowerment Principle Signatory and are certified from National Minority Supplier Development Council. Acknowledgements from Industry Peers Winner of Entrepreneur 360 Award (2019) IAOP Award Ranked in top 100 internationally Arthur Lawrence ranked within the Inc 5000 twice in 2016 and 2017 as one of the fastest growing companies of America. Named one of the top ten fastest growing businesses in Houston in 2016. Ranked 25th in the HBJ s Fast 100 Private Companies Award in 2017. Our Seven Pillars We rely on the seven core values that we believe enable us to deliver quality for our consultants and clients Education, Integrity, Value Creation, Collaboration, Best Client, Best People and Stewardship Through strict adherence to these core values we have achieved success beyond all documented forecasts and anticipation. For more information, visit www.arthurlawrence.net
