About Us
Harris Health is a nationally recognized health system comprising three teaching hospitals and an extensive network of ambulatory care centers serving the people of Harris County, Texas, since 1966. Staffed by the faculty, fellows and residents from two nationally ranked medical schools, Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth), Harris Health is the first healthcare system in Houston to receive the prestigious National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) designation for its network of patient-centered medical homes.

Each year, Harris Health provides more than 1.8 million total outpatient visits through its more than 40 ambulatory care facilities. Additionally, Harris Health sees more than 177,000 emergency visits at its Level 1 and Level 3 trauma centers and 35,000 hospital admissions through its two hospitals: Ben Taub and LBJ.

Established by voter referendum to enhance the level of charity care available in the community, Harris Health System has often received national recognition for serving those in need and for its achievements in operational excellence, such as being named to the 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 Most Wired Hospitals lists by the American Hospital Associations Hospitals & Health Networks magazine.

Additionally, Harris Health System is pleased that each of its hospitals Ben Taub and Lyndon B. Johnson achieved Pathway to Excellence designation by the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
Job Profile
The Epic Business Analyst III ensures that the operational interests of their respective functional areas are being fully represented in the day-to-day operations of the Information Systems Department. This role supports all application deployed within the Harris Health System.

Minimum Qualifications
Education/Specialized Training/Licensure: Computer Science Bachelor Degree or related experience. Experience and certification Prelude/Grand Central highly preferred.

Work Experience:
5+ Years within I.S.
Three (3) Years Hospital Health Care Organizations Business Analysis
Management Experience: Resource Oversight experience

Special Requirements
Communication Skills: Above Average Verbal (Heavy Public Contact), Exceptional Verbal (e.g., Public Speaking) Writing /Composing (Correspondence/Reports)

Other Skills: Analytical, Design, Research, Statistical
Benefits and EEOC
Harris Health System benefits program is designed to provide you with more flexibility and choices in meeting your specific needs. Harris Health System benefits program allows you to protect your income in case of illness, death and disability, and to help you save for retirement.

It is the policy of Harris Health System to provide equal opportunity for all applicants for employment regardless political affiliation, race, color, national origin, age, sex, religious creed or disability. Applicants may request any reasonable accommodation(s) to participate in the application process.
Job Category
Information Technology
