Overall responsibility for the research, analysis, design, testing, training, and implementation of cost-effective solutions to meet business and technical needs. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to planning, troubleshooting and system user support. Takes a business role within the company, and acts as liaison to accomplish business objectives. Must be a strong, proactive communicator and listener when dealing with all levels of the organization.

Works directly with the IT Team and Business Partners to ensure business involvement and project participation standards.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Define application behaviors, specifications, and business analysis requirements related to ERP Systems

Configuring functions and workflows to facilitate integrations with other applications

Define requirements, scope and objectives related to overall business strategies

Provide routine production support through ERP business solutions

Reporting Designs, Queries and Saved Searches

System Enhancement Testing

Inventory Management

Accounts Payable and Receivable development and solutioning

Supporting Processes and Procedures through the system

Troubleshooting issues to assist users with system and processes

Demonstrate strong business involvement in all of the above

Ensure the integrity of foundation data elements for Item, Purchase Order, Inventory Management, Customer Sales and Vendor Management.

Manage to the highest performance standards and expectations critical tasks throughout the project life cycle through planning, design, development, testing and post-production support.

Optimize processes balanced with the right combination of technology

Review and recommend revisions to business processes where appropriate in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies within the organization.

Support users on NetSuite through Saved Searches, Reporting and System Enhancements

Assist Project Manager with day-to-day activities.

Additional duties as business needs arise

Requirements

B.S. in IT related field preferred but not required. H.S. Diploma Required.

2+ years experience in reporting, troubleshooting, and testing using ERP systems (SAP, Oracle, NetSuite).

NetSuite or Other ERP experience preferred.

Experience in Industrial Distribution preferred.

Benefits

Medical, Dental, and Vision Plan

401K Plan

Paid Leave (vacation, sick time, and company holidays)

Casual dress environment

Professional growth & career longevity
