Senior Business Analyst ERP-D365
["United States Of America-Texas-Houston"]
Company OverviewNabors Industries owns and operates one of the world's
largest land-based drilling rig fleet and is a provider of offshore
drilling rigs in the United States and multiple international markets.
Nabors also provides directional drilling services, performance tools,
and innovative technologies for its own rig fleet and those of third
parties. Leveraging our advanced drilling automation capabilities,
Nabors highly skilled workforce continues to set new standards for
operational excellence and transform our industry. JOB SUMMARYWorking
closely with both internal and external departmental representatives,
works to optimize the use of the ERP to improve business operations.
Has a thorough understanding of business/departmental operations.
Examines business process, performs training and guides system use.
May guide reengineering projects, specify system requirements, conduct
feasibility studies, make software recommendations and assist with
implementation. May work in a team lead role. DUTIES AND
RESPONSIBILITIES
Focus expertise in core Microsoft ERP systems ( Microsoft
AX2009/AX2012 and Dynamics 365 Finance and Operations )
Strong understanding of Finance functions inside Dynamics 365 F&O
Support of Supply Chain, Production, and Operations systems,
processes, and best practices
Backup support of Microsoft Field Services and CRM solutions
Analyze current business processes and assists users in making
best use of systems.
Work with others members of the Business Systems team to help
evaluate data and processes, trouble-shooting systems and
incorporating solutions as required
Manage the implementation of the software and processes within a
particular module/business area
Discuss business requirements with managers and users
Identify information needs not currently met by existing software
or systems
Develop strategies to improve timeliness of information and
overall efficiency
Assess the cost/benefit of recommended process changes
Implement business and software solutions
Follow up with managers and users to ensure compliance with new
procedures and effectiveness of new systems.
Perform post-implementation review
Accountable for quality, completeness, and on-time delivery of an
assigned project
Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS
Post-secondary education with a Computer Sciences or Business
Degree
At least 5 years related experience in Microsoft AX2009/AX2012 and
Dynamics 365 Finance and Operations
Minimum 5 years of experience work experience as a Sr. MS Dynamics
D365/AX functional business analyst, consultant, and lead ERP
analyst
Completed at least one full life cycle implementation of Microsoft
D365
Expert functional knowledge on at least three of the listed
modules D365 General Ledger, Taxes, Accounts Receivable, Projects,
and Sales Management modules
Able to understand the user requirements and be able to configure
the system independently for various system options across the
above-listed modules to achieve the desired results.
Provide Design, Test, Support, and Training as required during the
course of the projects. Experience on upgrading from AX to D365
would be an added advantage
Knowledge on Inventory Management, Procurement, Production,
Planning, Projects, and Advance Warehouse management modules would
be an added advantage. Help in month end closing and
monitoring/fixing interface errors
Knowledge on the interfaces on D365 with other applications if any
Excellent analytical skills
Good understanding of existing software
Above average written and verbal communication skills
Strong business understanding in the area of specialization
(manufacturing systems and processes, supply chain and
distribution areas, and the services / operations area of the
organization)
Ability to analyze troubleshoot problems and recommend solutions
BEHAVIORAL COMPETENCIES
Self-starter with the ability to work independently with minimal
direction
Strong multi-tasking and organizational skills
Ability to quickly learn new applications and tools
