We have an immediate opening for an SailPoint Business Analyst who will manage and drive the development of business requirements and functional specifications for system development projects throughout the development life cycle from initial analysis and design all the way through to implementation and user acceptance. They will also serve as a liaison between IT and other departments
Collecting and analyzing the project's information requirements and transferring the same knowledge to development team.
Preparing estimates for projects assigned.
Evaluating the information collected through task analysis, business process, surveys and workshops.
Preparing accurate and detailed requirement specifications documents, including workflows, processes, client requirements, and gap analysis.
Providing advisement to the development team during the development stage of implementation to meet the client's business and information needs.
Documents the acquired results of analysis and workflows as well as obtaining sign-off from the appropriate client.
Acting as a strategic partner with IT to influence the design, alignment, and implementation of technical standards to address information requirements.
Identifying requirements for access management, separation of duties, integrity, quality, audit, and lineage; including driving and developing new identity access management guidelines.
Preparing presentations and deliverables.
Coordinating with the groups who test, validate, evaluate new applications and functions to ensure information adheres to requirements and business needs.
Requirements
3-5 years of exexperience working as a Business Analyst, with a focus on identity access management and related technologies.
Sailpoint experience is a must
Agile experience preferred
Excellent communication skills, presentation and interpersonal skills are required.
A demonstrated track record of making a difference and adding value.
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task.
Ability to think creatively, highly-driven and self-motivated.
Ability to work and adjust to changing deadlines.
Creative problem-solving skills.
Working remotely, must be able to develop relationships across the client organization, working cross functionally to get results.
Ability to present complex information in a simplified fashion to facilitate understanding.
Proficient with MS Office products including Microsoft Project.
Familiarity with Identity, Privileged, and Data Access tools
Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, CIS or related field is a plus!
MUST HAVE SAILPOINT EXPERIENCE

MUST HAVE BUSINESS ANALYST EXPERIENCE

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
