Position Description:

SUMMARY

The Systems Analyst under the direction of the Solution Manager is a hands-on role that supports and provides solutions that contribute to the success of our Digital Transformation Roadmap. The IT Business Analyst IV is responsible for participating in configuring, troubleshooting and maintaining enterprise software with our partner, Toyota Motors North America (TMNA). This position is also required to perform some small project management duties, demonstrate an ability follow guidance and standards, meet commitments aligned with organizational goals, and be able to understand business processes.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Acts as liaison between the application team and the user community, responsible for facilitating communications, coordinating system enhancements, and providing production support.
Performs detailed analysis of systems and data and leads data mapping efforts on integration projects.
Proactively seeks systems improvements by performing regular performance monitoring and capacity analysis.
Provides expert support for definition/refinement of business requirements and for quality assurance/acceptance testing efforts
Assists customers and third-party administrators with the implementation, testing, and support of inbound and outbound API connections.
Responsible for working across multiple functional teams
Oversees creation and approval of technical documentation including the Solution Definition document and Technical Design document; ensures documentation is aligned to the Functional Requirements and uses document templates that meet SDLC standards
Works with business stakeholders to document requirements and user stories
Delivers business value using creative and effective approaches.
Works under minimal supervision
Other duties may be assigned. (The desirable, but not necessary, usually supplementary aspects of the job.)
QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelor's degree from accredited four-year college or university; plus 8+ year's related experience or the equivalent combination years/experience.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Must have experience in user interaction, business analysis, development, integration, documentation, testing, deployment, building, configuration and production/customer support, maintenance and enhancements of Integration applications
8+ years implementing and supporting Enterprise Business Applications
Experience with SQL or other relational database technologies
Familiarity with the Software Development Lifecycle
Familiarity with Enterprise Application Integration and SOA Principles
Must have extensive experience with XML, JSON, Schema
SOFT SKILLS
Excellent ability to multi-task assigned duties or projects
Effectively communicates complex ideas in a clear and concise manner both verbally and in writing.
Highly organized; able to organize and assimilate large quantities of complex information
Good communication and interpersonal skills
Dedication to quality and ability to follow guidance and standards
Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize work accordingly
Familiarity with Agile principles.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of the job, the associate is required on a daily basis to analyze and interpret data, communicate, and remain in a stationary position for a significant amount of the work day; and frequently access, input, and retrieve information from the computer and other office productivity devices. The associate is regularly required to move about the office and around the corporate campus. The associate is occasionally required to travel to other sites, including out-of-state, where applicable, for business. The associate must frequently move up to 10 pounds and occasionally move up to 25 pounds.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While the job is generally performed in an office environment, the associate is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, areas in which moving mechanical parts, fumes, toxic or caustic chemicals are present, and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the office environment is typically quiet, but the associate may be occasionally exposed to loud noise levels.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Minimal travel is required for this position (up to 20% of the time and on a domestic basis).

Is legally able to work in the United States.

The Friedkin Group and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain drug-free workplaces by conducting pre-employment drug testing
