Req ID: 171271

BASIC PURPOSE:

Calculate and report an accurate representation of Musket’s market risks and profitability.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide accurate exposure, mark to market (MTM), and profitability reporting of all transactions as assigned by portfolio.
Provide timely entry of all transactions into Solarc Right Angle (SRA).
Demonstrate a thorough understanding of SRA scheduling, and its impacts on profitability.
Work with contract administration, accounting, inventory control, and third parties to resolve pricing or volume discrepancies.
Assist with the year end audit around transaction documentation and forward mark to market validation.
Other duties assigned as needed
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:

Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in Business-related field or equivalent experience preferred
Experience:
Experience in a trading organization preferred
SKILLS AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS:

Skills:
Hard Skills: Knowledge of Microsoft Office, proficiency in Excel
Soft Skills: Good written and oral communication skills, team player, exceptional customer service, attention to detail, self motivated, good time management skills, and innovative thinking
Typical Physical Demands:
Requires prolonged sitting, some bending and stooping
Occasional lifting up to 25 pounds
Manual dexterity sufficient to operate a computer keyboard and calculator
Requires normal range of hearing and vision
Travel may be required
Job Function(s): Accounting and Finance

Love’s Travel Stops & Country Stores is the industry-leading travel stop network in the United States. For more than 55 years, we’ve provided customers with highway hospitality and “Clean Places, Friendly Faces.” We’re passionate about serving drivers with clean, modern facilities stocked with fuel, food and supplies. We offer meals from popular restaurant chains, trucking supplies, showers and everything needed to get back on the road quickly. The Love’s Family of Companies includes:
Gemini Motor Transport, one of the industry’s safest trucking fleets
Speedco, the light mechanical and trucking service specialists
Musket, a rapidly growing, Houston-based commodities supplier and trader
Trillium, a Houston-based alternative fuels expert
