LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world's largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels.Basic Function
The Corporate FP&A team is responsible for the coordination, consolidation, reporting, and analysis of the annual LYB Budget and Long range plan ('LRP') processes, monthly forecasting and management reporting, corporate financial modeling, and ad hoc financial analysis and insights to our Leadership Team, Board of Directors and other key stakeholders.

To strengthen our Planning & Analysis team, we are looking for an experienced financial analyst to assist with the annual budget process and provide ad hoc support to leadership and key stakeholders. In addition, as an integral member of the Planning & Analysis team, this role will assist with streamlining and standardizing how the entire company defines, measures, reports and analyzes business profitability, variable costs, and other key enterprise performance metrics.

This role requires strong analytical skills and a finance background in order to innovate process best practices and to manage the implementation process.

This role reports to Manager, Planning & Analysis, Corporate FP&A, and currently doesn't have any direct supervision responsibility

Roles & Responsibilities
Provide as needed support to the overall annual budget process. This includes preparation of presentation material for both internal reviews and Board meetings, as well as development and maintenance of the budget task list and calendar, and TeamShare administration.

• Provide ad hoc in-depth and timely financial analyses to support ongoing Corporate/Finance/FP&A management decisions.
• Prepare financial/economic analysis and high-quality presentation material to support Board meetings, ongoing corporate/finance strategy development, and other ad hoc management requests (e.g. macroeconomic calls, business projections & validations, etc.).
• Support the company wide effort to streamline and standardize definitions, process, and procedures to most effectively report and analyze business profitability.
• Assist in coordinating with other functions to define and standardize how the company reports, measures, and analyzes the variable costs.
• Assist our Forecasting and Management Reporting group in the monthly closing process, provide as needed coverage, and ensure seamless knowledge and best practice sharing.
• Lead and/or actively involved in other initiatives and cross functional projects to drive continuous improvement and efficiencies in the FP&A and other Finance processes.
Min. Qualifications
• Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related business degree with 4+ years' relevant FP&A, corporate finance, business services, accounting or other analytical experience required.
• CFA/CPA/MBA a plus, but not required.
• Knowledge of SAP and Business Warehouse.
• Strong analytical skills and business acumen with a sound understanding of chemical industry, manufacturing, business, and financial planning & analysis required.
• Strong ability to manage process changes with finance project management and implementation experience a big plus.
• Excellent interpersonal and communication skills to effectively build and maintain solid relationship with internal/external stakeholders, and strong presentation skills to message and communicate results clearly and concisely.
• Ability to work under pressure to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage key stakeholder expectations (both business and finance).
• Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision (self-starter), make sound decisions, while closely engaging and staying aligned with the rest of FP&A team and other business service functions.
Preferred Qualifications
CUSTOMER FOCUS

Asks questions to accurately identify customers and their needs.

Is responsive and solution oriented when engaging with customers.
DRIVES RESULTS

Consistently strives to meet the objectives of assigned tasks.

Maintains work focus despite obstacles or setbacks.
BUILDS EFFECTIVE TEAMS

Contributes to positive morale and team spirit.

Offers to help others to complete work to ensure the team's success.

COLLABORATES

Solicits and listens to input from others.

Volunteers to help others when needed.
ENSURES ACCOUNTABILITY

Communicates the status and completion of assignments.

Raises issues that will stand in the way of achieving goals.
DEMONSTRATES COURAGE

Is willing to take on the unknown when asked to do so.

Responds maturely to confrontation, issues, and constructive criticism.
CULTIVATES INNOVATION

Shares new ideas.

Is open to new ways of looking at things, and welcomes input from others to develop and implement creative ideas.
INSTILLS TRUST AND EXEMPLIFIES INTEGRITY

Leads by example in adhering and promoting compliance to policies, practices and all aspects of the Code of Conduct.

Is honest, direct, and reliable in dealing with colleagues.

CompetenciesBuilds effective teamsCollaboratesCultivates innovationCustomer focusDemonstrates courageDrives resultsEnsures accountabilityInstills trust and exemplifies integrity
Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship.

LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers.

LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here.

Nearest Major Market: Houston

Job Requirements:
