Position Type :

Full time

Type Of Hire :

Entry Level (No Experience Required)

Education Desired :

Bachelor's Degree

Travel Percentage :

0%

Job Description

Are you curious, motivated, and forward-thinking? At FIS youll have the opportunity to work on some of the most challenging and relevant issues in financial services and technology. Our talented people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, passionate and above all fun.

What You Will Be Doing

As the Global Asset Analyst, you will monitor and manage large volumes of transactions, as well as perform data updates. You will assist with various tasks related to loan administration and communicate with internal and external parties regarding loan specific items.
Process daily loan transactions
Manage large volumes of transactions and monitor activity reports
Maintain accurate global data for facilities and issuers
Actively research global discrepancies with various agents and internal clients
Proactively and effectively communicate with agents, clients, team members and within the firm as needed
Work closely with others to resolve issues effectively and timely
Run various internal reports as needed and handle global level issues
What You Bring
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, or business
Experience with daily loan transactions and loan tracking system
Knowledge of loan accruals and payment rules
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to read and interpret credit agreements and other loan documents
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and multi-task oriented
Added Bonus If You Have
1-2 years of experience in banking/finance industry
What We Offer:
A broad range of professional education and personal development opportunities
A work environment built on collaboration, flexibility and respect
Varied and challenging work to help you grow your technical skill set
A fantastic range of benefits including private medical cover, dental cover and travel insurance
Privacy Statement

FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the Online Privacy Notice.

EEOC Statement

FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here supplement document available here

For positions located in the US, the following conditions apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test. ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Sourcing Model

Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.
