Valiant Commodities LLC, a Commodities trading company based in Houston, TX, is looking for a Supply Chain Analyst to conduct data analysis to improve supply chain operations. Your job will help us increase efficiency and reduce costs. In this role, you should have an analytical mind and a strong business acumen. Problem-solving skills and attention to detail are essential. If you have experience in logistics and supply chain processes, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to help our supply chain run as smoothly and profitably as possible.
Responsibilities
Create processes and methods to gather supply chain data
Analyze data to identify problematic areas and suggest improvements
Plan and implement supply chain optimization projects (e.g. warehouse-slotting, route planning)
Develop requirements and standards (e.g. packaging, procurement, delivery)
Oversee inventory procedures
Discover the most cost-effective shipping modes and schedules
Evaluate vendor operations (e.g. freight forwarders) according to quality standards
Help foster trusting relationships with business partners
Collaborate with IT professionals to implement effective systems
Track KPIs and report on supply chain’s performance
Skills
Proven experience as a Supply Chain Analyst, Logistics Coordinator or similar role
Experience in data mining, analysis and reporting
Familiarity with supply chain processes (e.g.inventory planning, warehouse management)
Working knowledge of MS Office, relational databases and ERP systems (e.g. SAP)
Analytical mind with business acumen
Problem-solving aptitude
Attention to detail
Excellent communication skills
Outstanding organizational ability
BSc/BA in Logistics, Business Analytics, Mathematics or a related field
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $48,000.00 - $77,758.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k) Matching
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Experience:
Supply Chain: 2 years (Required)
Location:
Houston, TX 77092 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
www.valiantcommodities.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
