Are you interested in helping Texas create communities that are more resilient in the face of future disasters? Join the ICF team and make a difference! Our growing Disaster Management Division makes BIG things happen every day. ICF is seeking an Environmental Data Analyst to help the State of Texas manage federal grants to carry out strategic and high-impact activities to mitigate disaster risks and reduce future losses in its communities.
Key Responsibilities:
Independently performing a variety of qualitative and quantitative analyses related to administration of Community Development Block Grant disaster recovery (CDBG-DR) and mitigation (CDBG-MIT) funds.
Retrieving, analyzing and interpreting a large volume of complex water resources data from a variety of sources, analyzing results and providing ongoing reports, including pipeline and status reports.
Performing quality control/ quality assurance on environmental datasets to ensure consistency and accuracy.
Identifying root causes of pipeline delays and proposing solutions.
Developing and implementing data collection systems, reports and other strategies that optimize efficiency and data quality.
Evaluating information and datasets to determine the risk of non-compliance.
Reviewing procedures and other documents to ensure consistency with processes, datasets, and measures from external sources.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in environmental science, environmental policy, public administration, or a related quantitative discipline.
Expert level knowledge of MS Excel (including the use of pivot tables and advanced formulas).

Preferred Qualifications
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Skill in managing multiple projects and stakeholder interests with timeliness, accuracy, and quality.
GIS experience.

Professional Skills
Excellent writing and presentation skills, with extensive experience writing both technical financial opinions and clear communications of financial principles to a non-financial audience
This job is a Section 3 eligible job opportunity. We encourage applications from individuals that are low income and/or living in Public Housing.

Working at ICF

Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity)

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement.

Working at ICF

Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy.

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement.

Texas Remote Office (TX99)
