This position plays a key role in providing accurate, efficient customer support and services to each of our clients. An equally important aspect of the position is to ensure accurate processing of deregulated market transactions and/or billing of energy related charges within the Customer Information System. The ability to execute complex resolution paths with strong analytical skills to review data, analyze the situation, diagnose resolution and perform necessary actions is required. Strong interpersonal skills and customer focus is expected.

Company Overview


Energy Services Group (ESG) is the leading provider of Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions for the retail and wholesale energy industries. Today, consumers are demanding more control of their energy use – and are switching away from traditional electric and gas utilities to more nimble, data centric suppliers and retailers. ESG has over 300 retailer/supplier clients supporting over 20 million residential, commercial and industrial consumers spanning the world's largest energy markets including US, Canada, Mexico, UK and Japan. Our solutions include usage and data management, billing, pricing, demand scheduling, pipeline and storage management, and data analytics. We are the only software company with the scale, global reach and expertise to uniquely support this rapidly changing marketplace. In April 2016, ESG received a major investment from Accel-KKR to enable the company to accelerate its vision and product roadmap. Since then, ESG has expanded our products and services, acquired key competitors and partners in North America, and established a global presence in Europe and Asia. Accel-KKR is one of the leading technology-focused investment firms with $5.0 billion in capital commitments to its current funds. The firm invests in software and IT enabled businesses well positioned for topline and bottom-line growth.

This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing company in a rapidly evolving industry. We are seeking a Client Operations Analyst to support our Operations team.

Responsibilities
Research and resolve transaction exceptions and inquiries
Review data, analyzing information, and diagnosing the solution
Monitor assigned reports and perform quality control processes to ensure accuracy and adherence to defined audit controls
Ensure Market Compliance in regards to timely submission of data in defined market protocols
Monitor file processing
Research and resolve identified discrepancies
Interact with Clients, Client Trading Partners, and internal teams and respond to inquiries with a resolution to their business needs or problems
Respond to inbound client inquiries. This may require research of market rules, utility specific information, and/or interaction with market entities such as market clearing houses, utilities, or regulatory bodies
Perform various system validations as directed during and after maintenance events
All other related duties as assigned
Qualifications


Experience
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within billing, data processing and/ or customer care processes
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to execute resolution paths with strong analytical skills to review data, analyze the situation, diagnose a resolution and perform necessary actions is required
Ability to multi-task and work independently with little supervision
Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment
Ability to adhere to organizational escalation process
Ability to practice good judgement when interacting with team members and all involved departments
Ability to work on multiple projects, meet deadlines, and creatively solve problems
Ability to work with both business and technical personnel
Attention to detail and solid organizational skills a must
Proficiency in all Microsoft Office products
Exposure to billing, data processing and/or customer care processes is preferred
Retail Energy, billing or EDI experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Education
Bachelor’s degree and 2 years related work experience OR 4+ years related work experience (GPA of 3.0+ in lieu of work experience)
