Job Title: Systems Analyst

Job Grade: 6

Job ID: PS14044

Full/Part Time: Full Time

Regular/Temporary: Regular

H-GAC Overview

Home to more than 7 million people, the Houston-Galveston region is one of the fastest growing and most diverse regions in the country. Making sure the region remains one of the nation’s leading places to live, work, and prosper doesn’t just happen—it takes planning and partnerships.

The Houston-Galveston Area Council serves as a forum where the region’s leaders and decision-makers come together to address local and regional issues related to transportation, the environment, public safety, aging, community planning, workforce training, and economic development. To support these efforts, the Houston-Galveston Area Council employs a robust team whose members are highly qualified, resourceful, and passionate about enhancing the region’s quality of life.

If you are looking for a career where you can help make a difference in urban, suburban, and rural communities, the Houston-Galveston Area Council has exciting opportunities for you. Learn more about why the Houston-Galveston Area Council is the right place for you to learn, grow, and excel.

Opportunity

H-GAC’s Public Services Department has an exciting opportunity for a Systems Analyst with its IT Operations team. The IT Operations team supports all areas of the department which includes Public Safety, Cooperative Purchasing (HGACBuy), H-GAC Energy and Houston-Galveston Area Local Development Corporation. Systems Analyst will be responsible for development and maintenance of system software applications and database administration. Position will also responsible for website and web page design, updates and maintenance.

The successful applicant must demonstrate ability to work across a wide audience of subject matter experts in order to assist with providing IT solutions to the programs and processes.

Requirements

The successful candidate will have at a minimum:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field of study
Three (3) years’ experience in in various programming languages used for website and database design, maintenance and database administration
Proficiency in Microsoft Suite
Experience in managing projects, providing updates and meeting deadlines
Ability to communicate effectively to a wide audience
Preferred qualifications include:
Five (5) years’ experience in various programming languages used for website and database design, maintenance and database administration
Knowledge of MVC, ASP.Net, SQL and SharePoint
Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite
Apply online via: https://h-gac.com/careers

H-GAC is an equal opportunity/AA employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or protected veteran status.
