Provides technical support for the critical applications/systems for Cadence Bank. Serves as liaison with business operating units and other Technology partners to design and deliver desired system functionality. Meets all assigned SLAs, department goals, and/or objectives.

Essential Job Duties
Includes analysis of business and user needs, documentation of requirements, and translation into proper system requirement specifications.
Influences business partners and service providers regarding priorities, hardware/software selection and/or vendor selection.
Analyzes marketplace, industry, company, technology trends and best practices, vendor products and services, etc.
Create and execute test scripts for changes that impact supported applications. Test plans should be comprehensive and consider any cross functional impacts. Execution should include unit testing, usability testing, load/volume testing (as needed) and full regression (end to end testing with all interfaces -- required based on the nature of the change).
Participate with LOB partners to support application strategy, design, Build/Purchase decisions, deployment, operations and improvements.
Meet SLA's relative to change requests and application enhancements.
Participate and support assigned applications for Event, Incident and Problem management.
Support Change Management process with technical application knowledge and expertise to evaluate changes.
Participate in the release and deployment management activities (requirements, design, testing, change management, communication of changes (as needed), and tracking of issues post implementation).
Manage third party application vendors and monitor performance and capacity requirements for supported applications.
Identify enhancements that are needed and work with LOB partners to prioritize changes.
Participate in operational projects such as application implementations, upgrades, enhancements, etc., and serve as application SME as needed.
Support the design process for supported applications and perform design tests for the functionality, performance and management of the application.
Ensure applications are built or implemented to meet business and operational requirements and ensure positive customer experience (QA).
Define and deliver User Training for assigned applications
Maintain documentation related to applications to include strategic roadmap, workflow documents, currency of application (release/version, what is supported, etc.),
Champion currency release/upgrades for supported applications.
Assist with risk assessment of applications, and identify critical services and system dependencies and implement countermeasures as necessary.
Participate in disaster recovery planning and testing for supported applications.
Be customer advocate relative to end user experience for supported applications.
Minimum Qualifications
4 year college degree in business, computer science or related discipline,
5-7 years work experience in related business discipline (e.g Consumer, Commercial, Mortgage, Finance, Technology, etc.) to include 2+ years in systems analysis or project manager.
Ability to coordinate processes or projects and compile documentation
Ability to learn and assimilate information from multiple people and sources
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment
Ability to quickly establish credibility to build and maintain effective working relationships
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Intermediate Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, and Project) skills
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems
Working knowledge of banking operations desired
Ability to think outside the box and the willingness to show initiative with teammates.
Provide second-tier production support for 24/7 applications
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. This is not an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. Cadence Management reserves the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary. Cadence Bank is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
