Support Analyst *
Job Posting Location


Austin, Texas, Houston, Texas, Houston or Austin, Remote, United States, Cardiff, Wales, London, England, Remote, United Kingdom

Department


Security Operations

REQ #

3958

Apply Now

About Alert Logic

Alert Logic® seamlessly connects an award-winning security platform, cutting-edge threat intelligence, and expert defenders – to provide the best security and peace of mind for your business 24/7 – at a lower total cost than point solutions, SIEM tools, or traditional security outsourcing vendors. We offer a new approach to evolving threats, expanding compliance risks, and resource constraints -- helping you get the right level of security and compliance coverage across any environment. That’s SIEMless Threat Management. Only from Alert Logic.

We do not currently have any live vacancies for our Support Analyst positions in our UK or US SOC teams, however we always welcome interest from applicants with a passion for Linux, Networking, and Security, as well as for delivering outstanding customer experience who are interested in building their career with Alert Logic. If you feel the job description below matches your skills, experience, and career aspirations please do apply and we can keep you in mind for future openings.

Job Summary

The Support Analyst will leverage strong technical skills and equally strong customer service skills to confidently lead customers through diagnosis and resolution of complex problems with a high degree of customer satisfaction. This role will partner and coordinate with other teams within Alert Logic to provide excellent service to our customers, collaborate with colleagues with the goal of continuous improvement in the service provided to customers.

Our UK based Support teams operate different shift patterns in order to provide the best level of service for our customers. These include shifts which work either a Saturday or Sunday as part of their working week, and shifts which provide cover for UK and US customers

Primary Responsibilities
Monitor several thousand virtual and physical appliances for health and performance issues – “eyes on glass”
Provide effective incident resolution with enthusiastic customer service submitted to the Priority Support Team for resolution
Demonstrate the ability to troubleshoot and diagnose issues within a collaborative environment.
Communicate directly with end customers and/or partners
Follow defined escalation paths to ensure proper resolution
Guide customers on advanced usage of the Alert Logic user interface and services
Required Skills and Experience
1+ years’ experience of working in a customer-focused front line technical support environment
Previous experience supporting and troubleshooting OS, network and appliance issues reported through monitoring or customer submissions
Experience with incident management tracking systems (case or issue/ticket management)
Some knowledge of Windows systems administration including PowerShell and Registry
Some knowledge of server logs: Unix/Linux System logs, Windows Event Logs
Knowledge of TCP/IP, NAT, routing, firewalls, VLANs‚ and subnets
Good verbal and written communication skills to include interaction with the end customers
Excellent telephone manner
Ability to follow process documentation
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills
Flexible working hours
BS in CS, CE, EE or equivalent work experience of working in a customer-focused front line technical support environment
Desired Skills and Experience

Basic knowledge of one or more scripting languages like Python or Perl.
Alert Logic is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

Notice to recruitment agencies: Alert Logic does not accept unsolicited candidate resumes from recruiting agencies. We will not be liable for and will not pay placement fees for unsolicited resumes submitted to our jobs postings, employees or company locations.
