Job Description
Meriplex is a managed IT and SD-WAN solutions provider specializing in intelligent networks, cybersecurity, cloud communications and managed services for the enterprise market. Using a collaborative approach, we provide pioneering, secure and reliable solutions customized to advance business growth.

Meriplex has an opening in our Service Delivery department for a Part Time carrier billing analyst position. This position will ensure that all costs related to telecommunications are track, optimized and recorded/ escalated as necessary internally and externally. We are looking for candidates interested in joining a well-established team to help trouble shoot issues accounting focused issues that are highly impactful to profitability of our projects. We are looking for someone excited to lean on their previous experiences invoicing and accounting experiences to provide our customers and internal teams with excellent organization and tracking skills as well as confidence in dispute resolution.

This role is based in Houston, 77042, but has the possibility of flexible shifts to reach the 20 hours a week target. This role will report to the Director of Service Delivery and be part of an established but growing team here at Meriplex Communications.

Key Responsibilities
Accountable for providing excellent tracking and organization of telecommunication expenses for projects.
Provide reporting requirements as needed internally or externally on status: associating services by Cost Centers, G/L codes. Etc.
Filing claims with carriers and regular check-in on progress of resolution., dispute resolution skill set necessary.
With the support of the Director, negotiating pricing for all telecommunication services.
Accurately document and maintain inventory of corporate telecommunications services, tracking in ERP: ConnectWise. Accountable for all documentation and administrative support associated with customer moves, adds changes and disconnects.
Interact with Network Providers, Vendors, and clients daily; performing follow up with internal/external organizations regarding client related issues.
Qualifications and Experience
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university/college preferred – working toward. Major in accounting or business administration preferred.
1+ years of telecommunication specific invoices and billings experience required.
Experience with SDWAN technology highly preferred.
Experience working with or for a Managed Services provider highly preferred.
Strong Excel/Word skilled (intermediate to advanced – skill test might be administered).
Comfortable working with multiple internal teams, from individual contributors to senior executives, as well as building/maintaining relationships with clients, partners, alliances etc.
Strong technical reading skill set required.
Demonstrated ability to drive timelines.
Demonstrated ability to document issues with a high level of accuracy and attention to detail.
Excellent spoken and written communication, interpersonal, and relationship building skills.
Meriplex Communications and Meriplex Solutions are Equal Employment Opportunity Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Meriplex Communications and Meriplex Solutions do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Meriplex Communications and Meriplex Solutions will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Meriplex Communications and Meriplex Solutions.

Meriplex Communications is a market leader in VeloCloud SD-WAN technology and managed IT and SD-WAN solutions provider specializing in intelligent networks, cybersecurity, cloud communications and managed services for the mid-enterprise market. Using a can-do approach, we provide creative, secure and reliable solutions customized to advance business growth.

Meriplex employees receive a full benefits package including medical, dental, vision, disability, group term life insurance, 401K, plus PTO and holiday pay.

Meriplex Communications, LTD is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Powered by JazzHR

6vwxgzXP0O
