For questions or updates regarding your status in the application process, please contact Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center Recruitment Center at 1-866-497-6945.

Location:
Blood Center Headquarters (La Concha)

Position Title:
Systems Analyst

Hours Per Week:
40

Work Week:
M-F

Shift:
8am-5pm

Driving Position:
No

GULF COAST REGIONAL BLOOD CENTER

Location: 1400 La Concha Lane in Houston, Texas 77054

Position Title: Systems Analyst

DEPARTMENT: Management Information Systems

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Reporting to the MIS Project Manager, position is responsible for performing software testing and validation of the enterprise software and computer systems.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following; other duties may be assigned. Management retains the discretion to add to or change the duties of the position at any time.
Analyze software modsets and patches to develop comprehensive test cases to validate that the change is functioning as expected and or meet the requested user requirements.
Analyze software modsets and patches to ensure (risk analysis) that the change will not have a negative impact on companys software enhancements.
Execute test cases and complete all required supporting documentation per SOP(s).
Assist in reviewing, developing and training SOPs.
Assist with new equipment installations and user training, as needed.
Assist with keeping the Development and Test environment up to date and current (tables are updated, valid donor, test and product information is present).
Act as the primary Help Desk contact for SafeTrace.
Act as primary contact with software vendor for software problems, updates and documentation.
OTHER REQUIREMENTS
Safety


Must not pose a direct threat or significant risk of substantial harm to the safety or health of himself/herself or others. Must comply with all applicable safety rules and policies and be willing to report actual and potential safety violations to the appropriate supervisor or manager.

Attendance


Must maintain regular and acceptable attendance at such level as is determined in The Blood Centers sole discretion.

Regular Hours


Full time: must be regularly available to work at least 8 hours per day, 40 hours per week, or such other days or hours per week as The Blood Center determines are necessary to meet business needs.

Overtime (applicable only to non-exempt positions)


Must be available and willing to work such overtime per day or per week as The Blood Center determines is necessary or desirable to meet business needs.

Weekend and Holidays


Must be available and willing to work such weekends and holidays as The Blood Center determines are necessary or desirable to meet its business needs.

Off-Site Work

Must occasionally be able to work at off site locations and transport self to same.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

This job has no supervisory responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelors Degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Systems or Life Sciences. Minimum of three years works experience in Computer Support/Training preferably in a blood or tissue center or blood bank. Strongly prefer experience working with SafeTrace.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS

MLS or MLT desirable, but not required

Incumbent may be required to drive routinely depending upon tasks assigned. If so, a Valid Texas Driver's license and an acceptable driving record are required.

LANGUAGE SKILLS

Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence, independently. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.

OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Must have a strong working knowledge of the MS Office Product Suite.

Exposure to RecruitMax, Trackwise software desirable.

DRIVING STATUS

Non-Driver or Driver depending upon tasks assigned

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and work on a computer. The employee is also required to walk, use hands to finger, or feel, reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. Employees are required to be familiar with and abide by the team lift requirements as specified in the Safety Program.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to blood and/or blood components, as well as any other biohazard materials. The noise level is the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO Statement

The Blood Center is an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants for positions are considered without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, age, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, military status, protected veteran status, disability status, genetic testing results or any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable law, statute, regulation or Executive Order.
