Are you a quick-thinking self-starter with a passion for the financial markets, the desire to work closely with portfolio managers, and the ability to think outside the box? Our Wealth Management Professionals support all trading aspects of our business from an operational and account management standpoint. We are seeking professionals with an understanding of the markets who have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment where attention to detail, strong communication skills, and client service are essential to maintaining and enhancing our business.
Consumer and Investment Management (CIMD)
The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives.
Goldman Sachs Private Wealth Management (PWM) specializes in creating comprehensive wealth management plans for high net worth individuals and families, as well as select institutions, including foundations and endowments. PWM Teams work one-on-one with clients to advise and deliver customized strategies drawn from our deep investment experience, diverse wealth management capabilities and global reach. Our Private Wealth Advisors (PWAs) deliver an unparalleled investment platform inclusive of the full product and service offerings of Goldman Sachs and beyond, which may include tax and estate planning, philanthropic planning and private banking and lending services. As client needs evolve, this close relationship allows the team to offer complementary services and new opportunities by leveraging the resources of Goldman Sachs and beyond.

A Wealth Management Professional will provide support to the portfolio managers and sales teams in the implementation of new client accounts, trade execution, liquidity management and ongoing servicing of existing clients,
HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL
Leverage your operational background and experience to contribute to a growing business
Work closely with Private Wealth Advisors to support their PWM clients
Identify wallet share growth opportunities in existing client base
Identify opportunities for and coordinate wealth advisory services within client base
Manage advisory business implementation and re-balancing
Manage cash balances and private banking services in accounts
Serve as a key liaison to other areas supporting the PWM Business
Plan and manage new account on boarding process
Provide overview of client reporting and web capabilities to potential new clients
Execute, process and reconcile trading and other investment related transactions
Analyze and reconcile the teams’ business
Lead or participate in the divisional efforts to improve efficiencies with the PWM Business
WHERE WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT
Our Private Wealth Management business spans the globe, with the following locations in the United States: Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Miami (Florida and Latin America coverage), Philadelphia, San Francisco, Seattle, Washington, D.C. and West Palm Beach
SKILLS & EXPERIENCE WE’RE LOOKING FOR
Bachelor’s Degree required
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and think clearly under pressure
Strong interest in the financial markets
Self-motivated and able to work in an autonomous, yet collaborative environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills, as well as strong organizational and interpersonal skills
Commitment to excellence and a high level of integrity
Series 7 and 63 required (must be obtained within three months of employment)

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html


© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
