Energy Harbor at a Glance

Energy Harbor is a financially secure independent power producer and fully integrated retail energy provider focused on safe and best-in-class operations and financial performance. With its fleet of reliable generating resources, including substantial carbon-free generation, Energy Harbor is well positioned for long-term value creation and competitiveness in a low-carbon future and is focused on enabling a growing customer and stakeholder base to meet their environmental, social and sustainability goals.

We are hiring an experienced marketing analyst to join our team, based out of our Houston office. This role is in the Marketing and Analytics group, focused on the Mass Markets business segment in the Texas (ERCOT) electricity market. The Marketing Analyst will be responsible for the implementation of marketing programs and campaigns for both customer acquisition and renewal.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
Actively manage product and offer creation for each marketing channel, in a timely and efficient manner, while adhering to all relevant processes and controls, paying close attention to detail and data accuracy
Understand and manage sophisticated electricity products (time of use, usage credit/fee, etc.), and work with technical teams and other business resources to implement
Use CRM systems as necessary to manage product creation, collaborating with technical resources as necessary to perform job responsibilities
Understand and adhere to all rules and regulations specific to the Texas / ERCOT market for both customer acquisition and renewal, collaborating with legal and regulatory teams as necessary to ensure compliance
In coordination with Marketing Managers, develop and test new offers and promotions, including customer incentive programs, working with third-party vendors and internal resources to implement as necessary
Cultivate internal working relationships with Operations, Mass Markets Sales, Contracts Administration, and other key internal stakeholders necessary to successful marketing campaign execution
Manage campaign calendars and timelines, ensuring that campaigns are executed on time
Work with external vendors, including print and mail facilities as well as incentive fulfillment vendors, to implement marketing campaigns
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Marketing, Business, or related discipline is required
3-5 years of relevant work experience required, preferably in the Texas electricity market
Ability to excel in a fast-pace, team-oriented work environment, with minimal direction
Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word)
Ability to manage projects and work with key stakeholders to meet deadlines, with little to no supervision
Benefits, Compensation & Workforce Diversity

At Energy Harbor, employees are key to our success. We depend on their talents to meet the challenges of our changing business environment. We are committed to rewarding individual and team efforts through our total rewards philosophy which includes competitive pay plus incentive compensation, 401(k) savings plan with matching employer contribution, a choice of medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, and life insurance programs, as well as skills development training with tuition reimbursement. Please visit our website at www.energyharbor.com to learn more about all of our employee rewards programs. Energy Harbor proudly supports workforce diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. No recruiters or agencies without a previously signed contract. Unable to sponsor or transfer H-1B visas at this time.

Safety

Safety is a core value for Energy Harbor and is essential to all of our business activities. We ensure employees have the tools, information, and processes to perform their duties in a manner that assures safety for themselves, their co-workers, our customers and the public. Our goals are to provide a safe work environment, to maintain an accident-free, injury-free workplace, and to promote and maintain public safety. To meet these goals, we dedicate ourselves to achieving world-class safety standards.

#zip
