Energy Harbor at a Glance

Energy Harbor is a financially secure independent power producer and fully integrated retail energy provider focused on safe and best-in-class operations and financial performance. With its fleet of reliable generating resources, including substantial carbon-free generation, Energy Harbor is well positioned for long-term value creation and competitiveness in a low-carbon future and is focused on enabling a growing customer and stakeholder base to meet their environmental, social and sustainability goals.

We are hiring industry professionals to join our retail operations team based out of Houston, Texas, and are open to experience at a variety of levels.

The Transaction Management team is guided by the customer-centric value and supports Energy Harbor retail sales strategy through ease of transaction for new customers and retention of the existing customer base. The team is responsible for coordination of customer transactions, process review, contract analysis, issue resolution, and strategic improvement management for Energy Harbor customer operations.

Responsibilities include:
Providing a high level of customer service, continuous support and proactive involvement with leadership and peers on reporting and analysis of business unit activities
Identifying, tracking and processing switches, move-ins, move-outs, disconnects/reconnects, and renewal activities for commercial, industrial and residential customers.
Performing daily transaction activities
Assisting in the processing of customer contracts including coordination of legal reviews, implementation of standard and non-standard contract language and application of contracts to enrollment of a customer
Understanding, tracking and implementing TXSET transactional rules for ERCOT and the Transmission and Distribution Service Providers (TDSPs)
Conducting transactional specific research, analyzing data, interpreting results, making recommendations and perform appropriate corrections
Consistently anticipating and delivering against a defined action plan
Developing effective working relationships with employees at all levels of Energy Harbor
Offering ideas and suggestions to improve work processes and projects
Working closely with all FES business groups and management teams to assist resolving customer issues in a timely manner
Working with IT to translate business requirements by creating IT system functional specification documents and creating test plans for system implementations and upgrades
Following clearly defined processes and policies to mitigate risk
Managing daily EDI transactions, including 814 enrollment and account maintenance transactions and 650 service order transactions
Overseeing the ERCOT MarkeTrak process, including customer rescissions and inadvertent gains/losses
Qualifications at the Analyst level include:
Bachelors degree in Finance, Computer Science, Business Administration or related fields required
At least one year of relevant work experience required. Relevant work experience will include basic research techniques, analytical ability with business and financial acumen.
Practical business experience in a fast-paced operational environment preferred
Strong customer service skills
Business and financial acumen
Background knowledge of Texas retail electric industry preferred
Project management experience with small size projects
Strong analytical skills with exceptional and consistent attention to detail
Strong communication skills and ability to work cross functionally
Questioning attitude and willingness to make recommendations when process and system improvements are needed
Positive attitude and proactive behavior
Strong organization skills with ability to multitask, prioritize and meet deadlines
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Word). Working knowledge of database query tools or knowledge of SAP or related enterprise resource planning (ERP) packages a plus.
Qualifications for an advanced or senior level Analyst include all the above plus:
At least 4 years relevant work experience required. Relevant work experience will include basic research techniques, analytical ability with business and financial acumen.
Fundamentals of utility finance and accounting
Understanding of utility contracts and contract terminology
Experience in forecasting and capacity planning concepts
Familiarity and understanding of commodity markets
Project Management experience
Extensive knowledge of retail electric sales, enrollment and billing activities Texas market experience preferred
Benefits, Compensation & Workforce Diversity

At Energy Harbor, employees are key to our success. We depend on their talents to meet the challenges of our changing business environment. We are committed to rewarding individual and team efforts through our total rewards philosophy which includes competitive pay plus incentive compensation, 401(k) savings plan with matching employer contribution, a choice of medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, and life insurance programs, as well as skills development training with tuition reimbursement. Please visit our website at www.energyharbor.com to learn more about all of our employee rewards programs. Energy Harbor proudly supports workforce diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. No recruiters or agencies without a previously signed contract. Unable to sponsor or transfer H-1B visas at this time.

Safety

Safety is a core value for Energy Harbor and is essential to all of our business activities. We ensure employees have the tools, information, and processes to perform their duties in a manner that assures safety for themselves, their co-workers, our customers and the public. Our goals are to provide a safe work environment, to maintain an accident-free, injury-free workplace, and to promote and maintain public safety. To meet these goals, we dedicate ourselves to achieving world-class safety standards.

#zip
