Ascend Performance Materials is the premium provider of high quality chemicals, fibers and plastics. With world scale integrated manufacturing facilities we are able to develop new products from our core technologies, and provide flexibility to respond to the expanding needs of customers. Ascend has global sales and distribution facilities across the globe and six manufacturing facilities globally. As a privately-held company, our people do big things and make big decisions, often much earlier in their careers than at larger companies. Ascend Performance Materials offers team members the opportunity to contribute in big, meaningful ways—all within a stable and growing business.

Position Overview:

The Principal Business Planning & Analysis Analyst will be key member of Ascend’s Commercial Finance organization with responsibility for business planning and financial analysis. This role will provide standard financial and management reporting for P&L Commercial, budgeting, forecasting and ad-hoc financial analyses to support the commercial organization in meeting its profitability objectives. This role will also be a key resource in supporting the development of business strategies. The position will report to the Business Planning & Analysis Director.

Key Responsibilities:
Lead the business line commercial monthly planning and forecasting cycle. Finalize and publish the commercial forecasts throughout the year as well as analysis of profitability drivers over the forecast period.
Support segment and product level strategic analysis as needed. Evaluate financial outcomes of various decision alternatives; provide management with information on potential decision impacts along with recommended options and action plans
Own monthly closing process for commercial and finalize monthly results. Manage profitability database updates for commercial reporting for volume, price, margin and cost to serve.
Lead orders reporting process for business line. Publish weekly order status report and update volume forecast based on weekly orders review with commercial leaders.
Deliver monthly sales and margin reporting with detailed variance analysis
Support preparation of monthly communications packages for leadership teams.
Review product costing and implement yearly standard cost updates in commercial database.
Support the business Commercial Annual Operating Plan and long range strategic business plan.
Independently lead commercial and strategic business projects as required.
Experience/Education Required:
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
At least 7 years in finance or accounting with 2-3 years of providing commercial decision support and financial planning and analysis preferably within a manufacturing environment.
Knowledgeable in Microsoft Office suite, specifically Excel and Word.
Experience in SAP modules and BI platforms. Tableau is a plus.
Attributes/Skills Required:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills required; ability to recommend alternative solutions and translate complex concepts into simplified and understandable examples.
Ability to work across all levels to influence key stakeholders and lead through influence.
Must have excellent time management skills, self-directed, and able to work in a fast paced environment. Able to handle multiple priorities while maintaining attention to detail.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Why work at Ascend?

Our vision is to be the recognized leader in the nylon 6,6 value chain, creating new possibilities with PA66 for everyone, everywhere, every day. We achieve that through living our Ascend values.

We care. We operate safely with high integrity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our people are our greatest assets, and our Total Rewards Program extends beyond traditional benefits to include access to on-site medical clinics at our U.S. facilities, a global wellness rewards program and Performance Matters, an employee-driven recognition plan. Our Commitment to Zero demonstrates our belief that is it possible to operate with zero personal injuries, zero process safety incidents and zero environmental releases. And the Ascend Cares Foundation, led by Ascend employees, supports Ascend families in times of need, provides inspiring opportunities for community engagement and facilitates community leadership.

Customer-focused. We exist for our customers; they drive our actions. Their success is our success. Our plastics and chemicals are building blocks that help make everyday essentials safer and more sustainable, and we constantly strive to develop new and innovative products to meet the future needs of our customers. And that customer focus doesn’t only apply to the marketplace – it also applies to how we treat our colleagues and our fellow community members.

Better every day. We invest in our people and our processes to improve every day. A2E, our continuous improvement program, guides the way we do business. And this way of problem solving applies not only to our manufacturing practices but also to our commitment to developing our people. You’ll see it during your career at Ascend in our leadership development, skills training and mentoring programs

Agile. We think broadly and lead proactively in a constantly evolving organization and industry. Agility doesn’t mean simply working quickly – it means critical thinking, creative problem solving and novel approaches to everyday challenges.

One Ascend. All together, with a common set of goals and an eye toward the future. We don’t accept silos. We look for ways to share across departments, sites and geography. This means you won’t be boxed into a single role at Ascend – you could get the chance to work with teams across the globe to improve the way we serve our people, our customers and our communities.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws.
