Functional Area:

OP - Operations

Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel

Relocation Provided: No

American General Life Insurance Company

Contact Center Real Time Analyst

Your Future Team

In Life at AIG - We do great work. We help people make some of the most important financial decisions of their lives. We help people find answers when there are only questions. We help people when they need it most.

AIG has a mission of providing exceptional experiences for our customers through our contact center. In order to accomplish this, we need to be constantly looking for ways to improve what and how we handle each and every interaction. We need to analyze data for opportunities, and then recommend solutions that turn those opportunities into strengths. Exceptional customer experiences don't just happen, they are made.

The Contact Center RTA will play a critical function in this mission. Reporting directly to the Workforce Management Manager, the ideal candidate must possess a high level of initiative to seek and identify opportunities for offering real time insight, reporting and management of resources to best meet required SLAs.

The role will also include the following responsibilities:
Coordinates appropriate staffing allocation and availability of call center staff in order to achieve service level objectives.
Monitors site to ensure optimal staffing levels.
Adjust intraday forecasts derived from understood business drivers to determine required staffing levels by projecting call volumes, call duration, and required staffing levels using current trends and historical data.
Administers volume contingency action plans as deemed necessary and appropriate.
Runs and analyzes reports with the result of making recommendations for adjusting staffing levels to meet departmental productivity and profitability goals.
Facilitates real-time discussions with necessary stakeholders.
Completes root-cause analysis to determine and quantify reasons for forecast variance and recommends changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness.
Keys daily exceptions requests, updates schedules and responds to escalated issues and ad-hoc requests.
Ensures that all reports originating from the department are accurate and reliable.
Helps with the integration and implementation of new call center technologies.
Assumes and performs other duties and responsibilities not specifically outlined herein, but which are logically and properly inherent to the position.
What we are looking for

The ideal candidate should have the following qualifications:
Minimum of one (1) year of WFM experience in a multi-channel call center environment
Minimum of one (1) years of experience in trend analysis
Spreadsheets with intermediate formula application and database software (e.g. Excel and Access) experience required
Intermediate knowledge of call center management and all related calculations
Intermediate knowledge of various forecasting / scheduling software
Strong organizational skills
Ability to prioritize workload, meet deadlines and perform multiple tasks with attention to detail
Ability to communicate call center data/forecasts to all levels of employees in an understandable fashion
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Capability of problem solving
Life insurance industry experience preferred not required
Support Contact Center hours of operation Monday thru Friday 7am -7pm
It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories.

At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission - creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.
