Join our team of talented healthcare professionals! We are looking for a Sales Operations Analyst to utilize their experience in data manipulation to support the ongoing sales and growth of CompleteRx. The Sales Operations Analyst is responsible for using data to assist with targeting sales opportunities. The position also requires developing tools to map, analyze, measure, and monitor key sales performance indicators through use of Salesforce CRM and other technology.
Why Join CompleteRx?
At CompleteRx, we believe healthcare should be about serving others. That's why our mission is to deliver better care, and better service, through innovation. The goal of our exceptional team members is to perform like champions. This means we are committed to being the best and stopping at nothing to deliver quality care to the patients we serve. Each employee's dedication is essential to meeting and exceeding the needs of our patients and families.
What you Will Do
Be responsible for the collection, analysis, and reporting of sales-related data in an ongoing effort to increase overall sales productivity and achieve company revenue goals
Design, set up, or execute weekly and monthly updates on prospecting funnel, active pipeline and sales stage.
Work with sales and marketing team to keep current and prospective sales targets coordinated and consistent.
Command metrics and analysis responsibilities such that Sales leadership can focus on data driven decisions
Salesforce CRM maintenance and reporting
What you Will Need
Requirements
5 years of experience with sales support - mining and collating data that drives sales decisions
Minimum of 3 years of experience knowledge of financial analysis, including financial statement interpretation
Proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite of products, with advanced working knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel, including v-lookup, Tableaux or other relevant platforms.
Previous Healthcare industry experience strongly preferred
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Accounting, Finance, Economics or related field preferred
Valid Drivers License
Compensation & Benefits:
As an employee of CompleteRx, your commitment to learning will be encouraged and supported through ongoing training and professional development. We nurture a collaborative, high performance culture and offer a challenging career along with a comprehensive benefit package.
Medical, dental, vision: As a healthcare leader, we know how important it is to have good coverage. Employees can tailor the right combination of plans to fit their needs.
Flexible spending account: We offer flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care. Employees can use this benefit to build up savings for eligible expenses.
Vacation and sick time: Eligible employees enjoy generous time off.
Continuing education: Eligible employees have access to a full complement of continuing-education courses as well as a wide variety of career development opportunities.
401(k) plans: CompleteRx provides a 401(k) plan with match.
License Reimbursement
Short and Long Term Disability
