About the Position


OVERVIEW

Sun & Ski is a leading outdoor retailer specializing in equipment, apparel, footwear, and accessories to enhance our customers' active lifestyles. The company operates 34 stores across 13 states and offers online sales at www.sunandski.com. Our core stores feature a broad selection of products for year-round outdoor lifestyle activities including ski, bike, board, run, swim, and surf, while our Northeast stores sell ski and snowboard equipment and apparel in the winter and outdoor lifestyle furniture in the summer. Our commitment to providing exceptional service, unparalleled expertise, and the highest quality products is the cornerstone of our unique approach and our 100% Performance Guarantee.

Summary

Sun & Ski is looking for an Omnichannel Data Analyst. The ideal candidate for this position will have an inept ability to create and support business partners with actionable reporting and analysis of the key business metrics. The candidate will have the ability to comprehend and execute Omnichannel needs, marketing strategies, and web-based selling techniques with proficiency.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Support Omnichannel and marketing teams to understand strategic direction, and provide web analytics data and fulfill reporting requests
Analyze customer engagement and retention to drive purchase funnel improvements and customer life cycles.
Utilizing BI tools such as Tableau, Looker, or DOMO - with Looker being the main tool we use.
Marketing Ad Tech - paid search, paid social, programmatic, email understandings
Utilize Data viz to become more prevalent in the way we are reporting insight.
Use data analysis and visualization to deliver business insights and drive decision-making
Maintain key metrics reporting for tracking the performance of the business.
Prioritize, and respond to ad-hoc requests for web performance analysis from stakeholders on the occasion
Review and suggest optimized tagging strategies to enable self-serve analysis throughout the organization
Create and publish analysis, reports, and dashboards
** Note: Additional responsibilities may be added based on business needs.

REQUIREMENTS
1-3 years of experience analyzing data for eCommerce and marketing preferred
Strong Google Analytics knowledge and optimization of GA reporting suites preferred
Experience with data visualization and a demonstrated ability to communicate analytics effectively to a wide audience
Experience with SQL is preferred
Bachelors Degree preferred- Having a course or two in statistics would be preferable.
Acts as a strong advocate for the customer and works collaboratively across disciplines to drive the best customer experience
Experience managing multiple competing priorities and/or projects. Proven ability to adapt and react quickly to changing business needs.
Experience with eCommerce applications preferred (e.g. Websphere, Demandware, Google Analytics, Magento, etc.)
Strong analytical skills, written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft Office: especially Excel
** All prospective employees must submit to a criminal background check and drug screen.
