Tracking Code 6467 Job Description

We, at H.B. Fuller embrace a shared set of beliefs and competencies that direct the way we operate and express our fundamental principles about how we will achieve success. We strive to hire talent that demonstrates our beliefs and our competencies.

POSITION OVERVIEW

The Global Process Manager, Record to Report (RTR) will have responsibility for one or more of the noted RTR sub-processes described below. This position is responsible for the end to end process implementation and governance for Record to Report (RTR), with emphasis on global process standardization and optimization across the business. Additional responsibility will be to drive the strategic direction for the RTR process transformation and support the implementation of multi-divisional enterprise resource planning (ERP) and other enabling technologies with focus in Finance.

Record to Report includes all sub-processes within a Global Finance Organization, including: Financial Hierarchy Management, Shared Services (Accounts Payable, Credit & Collections, Cash Applications, Fixed Assets, General Ledger), Costing and Inventory Reporting, Corporate Consolidation and Reporting, Commercial and Operational Business Partnering and Reporting.

Global Process Manager [GPM] will report to Global Process Stream Leader, Project ONE: Record to Report.

PRIMARY DUTIES
Assume role as (multi) sub-processes leader within the RTR/Finance organization, responsible for implementation of documented global financial processes as key member of worldwide ERP deployment team.
Drive adoption of global process standards and gain buy-in from key stakeholders, championing adopt versus adapt methodology.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the finance organization, as well as across multiple non-finance work streams.
Act as a liaison with Regional and Corporate business partners, Global Shared Services and other RTR/Finance stakeholders as new processes are designed and implemented (Information technology, Internal/external audit, legal, compliance, etc.)
Manage the development and/or maintenance of process and project documentation.
Lead problem-solving and root cause analysis to find identify and manage gaps between legacy processes and the established global processes.
Reporting on project progress and communicating relevant information to stakeholders.
Collaborate with RTR/Finance leadership to ensure global alignment of priorities, management and influence of results through working in a matrix environment.
Collaborate with IT on ERP program initiatives and deployment or development of other enabling technologies.
Actively participate in assessment of cross-functional initiatives that impact people, processes and technology to ensure alignment with global RTR/Finance processes. Ability to identify and implement Responsible, Accountable, Consulted and Informed (RACI) roles throughout the change management process.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
BA or BS degree in Accounting or Finance
7+ years of experience in accounting and/or financial analysis, with preference to experience in a complex multinational organization. Shared Service and manufacturing experience strongly desirable.
2+ years of SAP experience. Business Objects experience highly beneficial.
Must be comfortable transitioning from high level concepts to identifying detailed needs of a project.
Ability to champion process discipline.
Possess strong organizational and project management skills to plan and organize own and others’ project work to meet strict deadlines.
Possess excellent interpersonal skills to deal effectively with all levels of the organization. Demonstrated ability to coach, challenge and persuade. Ability to work under pressure and maintain composure in high leverage situations.
Ability to work and collaborate with others, to consider the needs of all affected groups, and to build/leverage relationships across functions and organizations to achieve business results.
Decisive yet collaborative leadership style.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Self-starter with desire for continuous improvement.
English fluency
Regular travel expected [40%]
To all recruitment agencies: H.B. Fuller does not accept agency resumes unless directly engaged by Human Resources. Please do not forward any resumes to Human Resources or any employees. H.B. Fuller is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

For more information and to apply, go to: http://jobs.hbfuller.com/

www.connectingwhatmatters.com

www.hbfuller.com/connect

Job Location Houston, Texas, United States Position Type Full-Time/Regular
