Product Innovation Senior Analyst

Location Name

AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus Drive

ID

2020-3946

Date Posted

2 weeks ago(6/3/2020 12:40 AM)

Company

Nautilus Insurance Group

Primary Location

US-AZ-Scottsdale

Category

Underwriting



Company Details

Nautilus Insurance Group is a strong underwriting Company and respected leader in the E&S industry. Our culture promotes creativity, integrity and respect, allowing us to attract and retain quality employees. Nautilus is a subsidiary of the W. R. Berkley Corporation, a Fortune 500 company recognized as one of the most respected names in the property casualty insurance industry. Nautilus writes Commercial Excess and Surplus Lines business in all 50 states.

About W. R. Berkley CorporationW. R. Berkley Corporation, founded in 1967, is one of the nation’s premier commercial lines property casualty insurance providers. Each of the operating units in the Berkley group participates in a niche market requiring specialized knowledge about a territory or product. Our competitive advantage lies in our long-term strategy of decentralized operations, allowing each of our units to identify and respond quickly and effectively.



Responsibilities

Nautilus Insurance has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Analyst role within the Product Innovation team. This role is a supporting role within product development to help drive the implementation of projects and initiatives. The Senior Analyst role focuses on the following:
Collects, documents, and analyzes data from a variety of sources to assist in the evaluation of new products, programs, initiatives, and market opportunities. This includes, but is not limited to: policy language, underwriting guidelines, and pricing. It also includes the support of projects including research development, testing and rollout, as needed
Supports the Product Development team with collecting information and implementation of projects and initiatives.
Maintains professional relationships with internal and external customers.
Supports creation of training tools and presentation for new products, programs and initiatives, as requested.
Act as liaison with other departments, including but not limited to: Production Underwriting, Underwriting Systems & Operations, Actuarial, and IT, to ensure correct implementation of new initiatives and guideline changes.
Maintains current knowledge of industry and marketplace intelligence.
Additional responsibilities as requested by Product Innovation Leadership.



Qualifications

3-5 years of Commercial Property & Casualty insurance experience in an underwriting capacity required, including 1-3 years of Commercial Lines Excess & Surplus experience preferred
Experience navigating ISO and other regulatory service organizations
Bachelor’s Degree required
AIS, ASLI, AU or CPCU are preferred
Experience with Microsoft suite of products (Word, Excel, Outlook)
Ability to multi-task and adapt to a fast paced environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills

Options

Create Profile & ApplyApply
Share
