JOB TITLE:
Jr. Business Analyst V
JOB #:
2299
DIVISION:
Juvenile Justice Services Division
HIRING SALARY:
$52,990.00 annualized
FIRST REVIEW DATE:
March 1, 2019
CLOSING DATE:
All positions are open until filled.
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position serves as a liaison between the juvenile probation business partners and the technical team. The position participates in the planning and completion of all juvenile automation projects roll-out; including testing, training, and application support. This position also provides on-going application support and training for juvenile automation systems including the Juvenile On-Line Tracking System (JOLTSaz) Statewide Identifies (SWID) and Arizona Youth Assessment System (AZYAS). In addition, the Jr. Business Analyst is responsible for documenting business requirements for system fixes and enhancements, including gathering information from subject matter experts.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
The successful candidate must have a Bachelors degree in a Criminal Justice, Computer Science, InformationTechnology, Management Information Systems, Business Administration, Communications, or related field, and three years experience. Directly related experience may substitute for the degree requirement. Other requirements include: an understanding of business analyst role and the role of other team members; basic understanding of courts, probation, and/or dependency; strong analytical and problem solving skills; proven verbal/written communication skills to include facilitating meetings; excellent teamwork skills; strong organization skills with great attention to detail; excellent training skills, specifically in training of business partners; experience with the creation of training curriculum and materials, including understanding of web based training capabilities; and the ability to work well in a collaborative team environment. This position requires the ability to travel up to 25% of the time to rural probation departments. A valid drivers license is required.
Travel level: up to 25%
SELECTION PROCESS:
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Some positions may take 4-6 weeks to fill. Only applicants whose backgrounds most closely meet the needs of the position may be invited to interview. Requests for a special accommodation to participate in the interview process should be made at the time you are contacted to schedule an interview. The Selection Process may include first and/or second round panel interviews. This is a Regular, Full-time, Exempt position.
The Arizona Supreme Court is an EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer
