Department: PCMG Access Schedulers

Category: Information Technology

Location: Phoenix

Posting #: 505694

Date Posted: 3/16/2020

Employee Type: Regular

Position Summary

The Scheduling System Analyst provides day to day production support for implemented Electronic Health Record and Enterprise Scheduling software production applications. Core responsibilities include building, maintaining, scheduling provisions, and reporting of data needed. This position reports to the Manager Ambulatory Central Scheduling.

PCH Values

Family-Centered care that focuses on the need of the child first and values the family as an important member of the care team
Excellence in clinical care, service and communication
Collaborative within our institution and with others who share our mission and goals
Leadership that set the standard for pediatric health care today and innovations of the future
Accountability to our patients, community and each other for providing the best in the most cost-effective way.

Position Duties

With general guidance, this position is responsible for supporting implemented EHR & Scheduling software applications.
Builds, maintains, and updates the scheduling templates for all providers with in the medical group for all locations and specialities.
Works collaboratively with Physicians, Providers, Practice Managers, Administrators, Division Chiefs, and staff to maintain continuity of scheduling and desired outcomes for utilization management.
Programs, tests, and maintains physician/resource templates for scheduling as well as troubleshoots system issues.
Grants access to users as well as linking physicians to schedules and locations.
Provides technical assistance and training to users for the Enterprise Scheduling system. Documents and executes training plans for integration into departmental standards
Troubleshoots template issues and escalates to IT Revenue Cycle partners when appropriate Level II support is needed.
Assesses overall scope of scheduling requests and deliverables to identify system impacts and estimates for level of effort.
Provides as needed training to users for system/template capabilities and developing of requests/changes to schedules when appropriate for improved outcomes.
Builds scheduling new locations & resources.
Modifies provider schedules as needed for management of provider schedules.
Primary resource for bulk manual rescheduling of appointments.
Reports system management issues.
Serves as a liaison with scheduling community to ensure guiding principles meet business needs.
Serves as a liaison with scheduling community to ensure guiding principles meet business needs.
Serves as the primary resource for communication to clinics for correct and right fit scheduling.
Notifies scheduling team of template availability by utilizing system reporting.
Oversees schedules for openings and works with team to fill gaps.
Adheres to scheduling time lines to ensure reschedules are completed within guidelines.
Maintains scheduling guidelines by medical group by provider and service line.
Logs request received and processed, maintains appropriate tracking, and file management for reporting purposes for guideline modifications.
Adheres to Guiding Principles for ensuring all schedules meet guidelines and report inconsistencies as well as unauthorized use of templates.
Documents and executes test plans including unit, integrated, end to end and user acceptance test plans.
Documents/tracks and manage scheduling requests and issues on a daily basis and reports to manager.
Participates in Scheduling system validation.
Performs miscellaneous job related duties as requested.
