Description: In support of the Medicaid Encounter Department, candidate must be SQL power user, able to review results, conduct root cause analysis, identify next steps and put them into action. Candidate should have the ability to move multiple projects forward simultaneously and be responsible for the results; even when others are directly accountable for the outcome. Ability to establish relationships with internal and external constituents a must. Familiar with HIPAA transaction sets, claims processing and encounters is a plus.

68410

Fundamental Components:
In support of the Medicaid Encounter Department, candidate must be SQL power user, able to review results, conduct root cause analysis, identify next steps and put them into action.
Candidate should have the ability to move multiple projects forward simultaneously and be responsible for the results; even when others are directly accountable for the outcome.
Ability to establish relationships with internal and external constituents a must.
Familiar with HIPAA transaction sets, claims processing and encounters is a plus.
Background Experience:
2 - 4 years of experience with SQL Server as Power User for coding, troubleshooting and modifications.
Experience with databases as well data analysis, interpretation and manipulation of data.
Familiar with HIPAA transaction sets and experience with SSIS is a plus Healthcare background along with knowledge of all types of managed care is a plus

Additional Job Information: Fast paced, technical and highly regulated area. Required Skills: General Business - Communicating for Impact, General Business - Maximizing Work Practices, General Business - Turning Data into Information, Technology - Developing Competitive Technology and Architecture, Technology - Leveraging Technology, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions Desired Skills: General Business - Consulting for Solutions, Leadership - Driving a Culture of Compliance Functional Skills: Claim - Reporting & special services, Information Management - Data acquisition, data management, programming and documentation, Information Management - Query and Database Access Tools, Information Technology - Application development, Information Technology - Research, Information Technology - Testing Technology Experience: Database - SQL Server, EDI - EDI, System Management - Technical Troubleshooting Potential Telework Position: Yes Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
