Job Description

Broadridge is hiring. We have an opening based out of our Phoenix, AZ office for a Lead Business Analyst. This is a great opportunity to join a growing and dynamic team.

The business analyst plays a vital role in the delivery of a quality project. In order to be successful, the analyst must demonstrate advanced knowledge of their business area, technologies and system functions/capabilities while working within the Broadridge Investor Communications SDLC. They will facilitate a project from inception through requirements gathering, development, testing, to installation and execution.

Responsibilities:
Working with the business team, capturing business requirements and assuring the realization of business benefits and supporting the business process.
Translate business requirements into appropriate functional specifications.
Document functional specifications, conversions, upgrades, interfaces, reports, forms, and workflow.
Balance technology and business issues as well as communicate appropriately with both technology and business specialists.
Facilitate group meetings such as workshops.
Act as liaison between multiple business teams, technology teams and vendors to facilitate communications and support smooth transitions through the phase of the SDLC:
Creation of functional requirements
Support generation of technical requirements, QA test plans, UAT test plans
Support build and testing, execution of toll gate tests between the phases
Support release/implementation to production
Create end-user guides and training
Support post implementation execution
Maintain appropriate project documentation
Timely communication of project statuses
Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject area
7+ years as a technical Business Analyst working on financial systems
Hands on experience with relational database to facilitate data analysis
Participation in all phases of SDLC lifecycle
Excellent written and verbal communication
Meeting facilitation
Issue resolution
Detailed oriented
Follow-through throughout SDLC to insure project success
MS Office and MS Project
Familiarity with Agile and Waterfall methodology
Familiarity with PMI methodology (PMP certification is not required).
Experience with the Trust business is not required but highly desirable.
#LI-ME1

Qualifications

null

Additional Information

Broadridge is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other protected status. "Our Associates Matter.Everyone Benefits from Diversity & Inclusion.Diverse & Inclusive Teams Drive Growth."US applicants: Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster.
