Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. Our business has been growing for more than 60 years and now is the best time in our history to join us. We are opening more locations every year and we are always looking for qualified individuals to join us in our growth. We are a company that promotes from within, both in our retail and corporate operations.

Under minimal supervision, the Senior Business Systems Analyst assists in analyzing software requirements, procedures and problems to automate new or enhance existing software applications/systems.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Collaborate with business partners to understand software needs and define requirements; translate requirements into technical solutions; provide recommendations and contingency plans.
Document business requirements and capabilities into Business and Technical Design Documents, use cases and stories.
Lead planning workshops/ design sessions to envision and assess business needs, features and desired capabilities.
Capture, document and design business, application and data workflows.
Collaborate with Quality Assurance (QA), developers/ engineers and architects to align solutions, identify dependencies, and ensure functional results.
Conduct feasibility and impact analysis; identify cross-project, application or business unit dependencies; provide solutions to mitigate risk; develop contingency plans for potential impacts.
Mentor Business Systems Analyst I and II.
Stay current on the latest industry technologies, trends and strategies.
Assist employees, vendors or other customers by answering questions related to IT Business Systems Analysis processes, procedures and services.
Other duties as assigned.

Job Requirements


Qualifications:
This position requires a minimum of five years of business analysis experience, including an advanced understanding of the software development life cycle, requirement modeling and process mapping techniques, operating systems (OS400/i5OS, Windows, Linux), databases (DB2, SQL Server), non-relational file structures, system design, analysis, and development methodologies, and quality assurance testing methodologies.
Experience preparing and/or executing business and technical requirements, specifications, user manuals, test plans, test scripts and test cases is also necessary.
A minimum typing speed of 35 wpm is required.
Advanced level computer experience, including skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project and Visio, is necessary.
This position requires excellent communication, organizational, customer service and problem-solving skills.
Ability to work independently and in a team is vital.
Proven ability to work efficiently and accurately under pressure, meet deadlines and present a professional demeanor is essential.
Proven ability to respond to different organizational situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude is necessary.
Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values are key attributes.
In addition, organizational and problem-solving skills, a can-do attitude, and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential.
Educational Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Apply
Not ready to
