Our Tempe office is looking for a skilled Application Support Analyst to join our already amazing support team! Think you have what it takes? We’d love to hear from you!

Provide support to our clients in all aspects of product and solution use when it comes to inbound requests, internal checks or automated alerts surrounding customer communication technology
Research issues involving application integration points, data integrity, connectivity failures and application or system crashes
Coordinate with various internal teams/departments like Service Delivery, Marketing, Network Services and Product Development

Participate in a 24×7 on-call rotation approximately once every 4 weeks

Develop and document new troubleshooting procedures as necessary
Most importantly, you will shape our interactions with clients. A chance to be a hero, if you will #Winning

You have a serious interest in tinkering with technology
Documentation is your LIFE
Technical support runs through your veins!
You enjoy collaborating with team members - There is no “I” in team
Troubleshooting technical problems brings you great joy
Someone who takes the initiative to solve problems and improve processes

A general understanding of servers, networks, enterprise software, and data integration between enterprise applications
The ability to explain technical issues to those unfamiliar with the subject via phone, email and/or in person without losing your cool
Ability to create and run SQL queries, make minor changes to Java code, and create or modify HTML documents

Associate’s degree or work experience demonstrating professional communication and inter-office skills
2-3 years of experience in Customer Service, software/IT support, or as a skilled user of enterprise software
Experience with enterprise software in a support or advanced business user role is strongly preferred
Familiarity with cloud/virtualized environments (such as AWS, DigitalOcean, or Google App Engine), relational databases, SQL queries, basic syntax, and Java code is preferred

A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment
Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment
A management team that cares about people
An extensive orientation program
A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or hackathon
We are a fast-growing and dynamic company offering customer experience management solutions to some of the largest utility, insurance and government entities across North America. Our portfolio of meter-to-cash and outage communication solutions includes billing and payment, mapping, mobile apps and proactive customer communications solutions for customers. With more than 1 billion customer experiences annually, we have the ability to provide performance-driven value to more than 550 clients every day.
Our Tempe office is small enough to allow creative individuals to flourish, yet large enough to provide long-term stability. We place a tremendous amount of responsibility on our team members to be productive, focused and self-motivated. We offer a casual work environment, competitive compensation and a stellar benefits program.
KUBRA is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We will provide accommodations during the recruitment process upon request. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only candidates under consideration will be contacted.
