Technical Business Analyst Location Glendale, Arizona or Anchorage, Alaska( Only local candidates can apply ) 4+ month contract to hire Seeking candidate with combined skillset as programmer analyst and business analyst. Position will act as conduit between business units and technical team. Although a programming background is desired, the business analyst skillset would be more heavily weighted. The skill needed is a Business Analyst that has a technical background with Development. Ideally development with the .NetVB.net languages. As stated above the Business Analyst background with Agile with be more important then the Development background but the development background is needed. SkillsBackground needed 5+ years of Agile Business Analyst background Agile Scrum and Kanban experience adaptable to change Workflow writing story writing 2+ years of Development background Platform MS OS .NetVB.Net C Concepts of object oriented Knowledge and working experience with alarythems with languages Person will need to have development background not just software project background collaborative, problem solving, innovative and extreme ownership mindset team player and open to different perspectives and approaches to setting goals and achieving results. Role Details Develop a working knowledge of Credit Union applications systems features and capabilities. Act as a liaison between MIS and other departments to assist in the analysis of technicaloperational problems, development of recommendations and presentation of findings to department management. May act as project lead to coordinate the development and implementation of small to medium size projects. Prepare and maintain application system documentation and manuals. Prepare and execute test plans for system changes and new application systems. Develop knowledge of current and emerging technologies and best practices. May assist in the preparation of business proposals for the evaluation and selection of application systems, development of system enhancements and acquisition of new technologies. Perform other duties as assigned in support of team efforts and results. Neeraj Babu s Servsys Corp Email id neerajservsys.com Number 972 232 2194
