Requisition Number 20-0054
Post Date 1/17/2020
Title Business Systems Analyst I
Position Type Full Time
Company Alaska USA Federal Credit Union
Location Glendale Data Center
City Glendale
State AZ
Minimum Salary Grade Category 09: depending on experience
Work Hours Monday - Friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Regular Schedule is five 8 hour days? Yes
Description

Reports To: Varies by location

Functions Supervised: Business Analysis

Primary Functions: Assist in researching, analyzing and preparing recommendations for new software application systems, system enhancements and evaluation of new technologies. Ensure the integrity of new systems and systems changes through
preparation and execution of test plans and the preparation and maintenance system documentation and manuals.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop a working knowledge of Credit Union applications systems features and capabilities.
Act as a liaison between MIS and other departments to assist in the analysis of technical/operational problems, development of recommendations and presentation of findings to department management.
May act as project lead to coordinate the development and implementation of small to medium size projects.
Prepare and maintain application system documentation and manuals.
Prepare and execute test plans for system changes and new application systems.
Develop knowledge of current and emerging technologies and best practices.
May assist in the preparation of business proposals for the evaluation and selection of application systems, development of system enhancements and acquisition of new technologies.
Perform other duties as assigned in support of team efforts and results.

Requirements

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or related field.

Creditable Experience in Lieu of Education: Equivalent training.

Experience/Skills: Three years experience in an MIS and/or a user department in a technical/professional role. Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills. Strong interpersonal and communications skills. Good organizational skills.
Familiarity with basic systems analysis methods and techniques.

Tenure: Not Applicable

Apply Online
Send This Job to a Friend

© Copyright

Alaska USA and UltraBranch are registered trademarks of Alaska USA Federal Credit Union

Mortgage loans are provided by Alaska USA Mortgage Company, LLC.
License #AK157293.
Washington Consumer Loan Company License #CL-157293.
Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Residential Mortgage Lending Act, License #4131067.

Instructions
Enter your User ID
Click "Log in" to view you personalized keypad and enter your PAC.
Your initial User ID is your member account number, as printed in the top-right corner of your statement.

Problems
Forgot Password (PAC)
Forgot User ID
Other issues
Still have questions?
Call (800) 525-9094

Learn more

Learn about UltraBranch

Secure your computer
Stay up-to-date on all operating system patches for your computer, phone, or tablet.
Use a current web browser, and install all updates.
Install anti-virus and anti-spyware software, and keep these programs updated.

Protect yourself
Never share your Personal Access Code (PAC).
Review you account regularly and contact the Member Service Center if you have questions.
Remember Alaska USA will never call, email, or text its members to request confidential information.
Learn more about fraud, identity theft, and phishing.
