Description
Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we're 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We're a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Systems Analyst

Job Summary
As a member of the Corporate Functions Technology team, the System Analyst will support EPM applications by designing and developing data processing solutions using various tools like; Informatica, ETL, Oracle PL/SQL and scripting languages including Unix shell scripting.
The Analyst will work closely with business analysts, developers and EPM team to understand requirements and create Functional Design Documents, Detailed Design Documents, Data Sourcing Documents.
The position is for an individual with experience in SQL and PL/SQL. Knowledge of any EPM application will be a plus.

Major Responsibilities
Work with project teams, technology stakeholders and vendors for ensuring that the design, development and implementation of application programs and services are performed within project milestone dates.
Engage with multiple internal technology teams including infrastructure, middleware, network/system admin, enterprise security to design and develop solutions.
Understand business requirements and implement technical solution within OFSAA in an efficient way.
Ability to analyze data and solve any issues within the environment.
Provide input for the creation of technology related project documents including functional and detailed design documents ensuring that the design meets requirements and provides technical details to development teams.
Work with the IT lead to coordinate development, testing and implementation phases ensuring that all deliverables meet expectations.
Coordination with other infrastructure team members for the standing up and preparation of the servers/applications involved in running the solution being implemented
Provide required application support during system failures. Ability to debug technical issues and provide remediation.
Qualifications


Must have 1-3 years experience using Informatica, Oracle and Unix, SQL & PLSQL.
Must have 1-2 years experience in financial industry
Must be a strong communicator and team player
Ability to be flexible, decision oriented, and motivated
Should have in-depth knowledge of the system development life cycles
Risk and Compliance experience is desired
Experience in working with vendor compliance solutions is preferred
OFSAA experience is a plus
Bachelors degree
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing
