Where good people build rewarding careers.

Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.
Job Description
Decision Modeling is a methodology that employs an industry standard notation for expressing business rules in an executable form, separate from application code. A decision model is a clear and unambiguous way to describe operational business decisions by decomposing a complex decision into a tree of simpler decisions.

Key Responsibilities
Work with Subject Matter Experts and Product Owners to understand their business functions and processes, helping them identify key decisions in their processes, including data and metadata requirements for their decisions that are complete and unambiguous.
Consult on decision information gathering sessions.
Construct and maintain decision models of moderate complexity which accurately capture the rules for the decisions that make up specific product offerings.
Validate the accuracy of decision models both by adhering to design tenants of decision modeling and by constructing the test cases necessary to compare expected results with actual results.
Develop tools and processes required to help drive decision management processes.
Effectively state the impact of pending projects on existing structures across multiple business areas.
Job Qualifications
Education: College degree or equivalent experience working in insurance, project management, or technology

0-2 years of work experience
Requirements Analysis

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click"here"for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For jobs in Los Angeles, please click"here"for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the Companys policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employees ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race, religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment
