Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 14,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Business Solutions - Downstream Analyst

Job Summary:

The Business Solutions group integrates product, systems, and project management expertise to execute the banks operations strategic plans. The group is comprised of six product focused teams, including: Deposit, Loans, Treasury, Accounting, Trade Finance, and Money Transfer. In addition to supporting production, Business Solutions provides requirements capturing analysis, user testing support, and project management functions within operations related system projects. Business Solutions provides support within the Americas region, including U.S. West Coast, U.S. East Coast, Canada and Latin America.

Responsibilities:
Provide production support to bank downstream end users specifically Financial Reporting (Controllers), Managerial Reporting, and Anti-Money Laundering (Transaction Monitoring).
Complete requirements gathering and analysis, workflow creation, and Business Requirements Documents (BRD) creation.
Conduct system design documentation (Functional Design Documents).
Build user training documents and operational procedures and facilitate end user training.
Create work breakdown structures (WBS) and work with project teams to execute deliverables.
Participate in user acceptance testing test case completion/rview/execution.
Lead user acceptance testing plan creation and test case review/execution.
Provide post implementation support to back office end users and lead critical issue identification, triage, and resolution as needed.

Qualifications
Bachelors degree with a specific focus on Accounting, Business, Finance, or Economics.
3-5 years of experience in an Accounting or other related downstream subject area (e.g. AML Transaction Monitoring).
Knowledge of Project Management and Business Analyst concepts (e.g. SDLC, Waterfall, etc.).
Application knowledge including: Oracle General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Fixed Assets, SAS, and/or Business Objects.
Prior experience working with a core banking system and operation groups for transaction input.
Microsoft Office Suite proficiency (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project, and Outlook).
Strong verbal and written communications skills are required in order to communicate effectively with management and partners.
Excellent organization and time management skills with attention to detail.
Possess a high level of initiative, self-starter with the ability to synthesize information and develop creative solutions.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
