U-Haul Corporate Headquarters
U-Haul International
2727 N Central Ave
PHOENIX , AZ

Description:
U-Haul Operations IT Group is seeking a talented data/business analyst to join our team. You will join a team of talented professionals who work collaboratively with developers, project managers, and usability experts to carry our projects to completion. This role will evolve as a unique position with lots of room for growth and a variety of responsibilities based on the business needs.
Responsibilities
Collect customer requirements, determine technical issues and create written requirements
Identify current process flows and methods to improve data collection, provide analysis and reporting to meet business area needs
Track and fully document changes for functional and business specifications; write detailed universally understood procedures for permanent records and for use in training.
Create tutorials to help end-users use a variety of applications
Provides technical assistance in training, mentoring, and coaching professional and technical staff.
Develops training curriculum and conducts formal training sessions covering assigned systems module.
Work with internal teams to obtain an in-depth understanding of the projects and the documentation requirements
Produce high-quality documentation that meets applicable standards and is appropriate for its intended audience
Must work closely with the Accounting Ledger and Sub-ledger Team
Write easy-to-understand user interface text, online help and developer guides
Must be organized, efficient and a motivated self-starter
Excellent written and verbal skill
Excellent analysis and problem solving skills
Strong interpersonal communication skills, verbal, listening and written
Assist with administrative projects, agendas, meeting notes and action items follow-up
Assist with project testing requirements and training documentation
Requires meticulous attention to detail but also has the capability to be a free-form thinker.

Requirements:
Proven working experience in technical writing of software documentation
Ability to deliver high quality documentation paying attention to detail
Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in text and pictures
Excellent written skills in English
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office
Basic familiarity with the SDLC and software development
Knowledge of Mainframe processes would be a plus
Knowledge of COBOL would be a plus

Education/Training:
University degree in Computer Science or equivalent preferred
Work Status:
Full-Time

Location:
2727 N Central Ave, Phoenix, Arizona 85036 United States of America

U-Haul is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, provincial, state or local law. Individual accommodations are available on requests for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Information obtained during this process will only be shared on a need to know basis.
