Title: Business Analyst (Healthcare)
Location: Phoenix, AZ 85007
Duration: 10 Months

Position description:
The Arizona Department of Child Safety is looking for a Business Analyst with Healthcare Experience to work with clients and internal stakeholders to deliver key strategic and operational business projects. In this role, you will serve as liaison between business and technology leaders while researching and defining data and business processes. This position requires that the business analyst have exceptional analytics skills and be able to work independently while providing concise, high quality deliverables.

Primary Functions:
Interact with business and technical resources to support targeted development and implementation activities.
Develop and implement effective business solutions through research and analysis of complex data and business processes.
Support prioritized operational / strategic business activities through creative analysis and critical thinking.
Document business requirements including assessment and analysis of identified customer needs and supporting requirements.
Develop effective relationships with key stakeholders through efficient communication and high quality project execution.
Maintain and deliver work products with a clear sense of accountability, urgency and focus on quality.
Maintenance of operational workflow documentation including troubleshooting support as required.
Active participation and leadership in application release and testing including system readiness, data validation and test script generation and execution.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field.
Minimum of 5 years' experience in Information Services or related business area.
Applied knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle.
Prior experience and understanding of healthcare data management, clinical informatics, and/or data analysis.
Specific Skills:
Strong expertise in facilitation and clear communication skills.
Advanced business, technical and software documentation authoring skills.
Organized, self-driven and able to manage stakeholders with diverse expectations and technical expertise.
Ability to efficiently analyze and map operational processes with support for managing change.
Problem solving that leads to reliable recommendations and clear expectations.
Prior experience with compliant (e.g. HIPAA, 21 CRF Part 11) systems, processes and operations development is preferred.
Experience with healthcare outcomes analysis is preferred.
About Our Company:

Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.

22nd Century staffing is a Minority & Woman Owned Business Enterprise (MWBE) that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Our journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions.

Our Global Delivery model with over 110 recruiters, data miners and research analysts working across multiple time zones is backed by an internal database of 800,000 resources across all major industries. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.

“22nd Century Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
