Job Description
Data / Business Intelligence Analyst

Summary
Client is in the process of upgrading the current AML monitoring system with an advanced version based on the SAS AML product.
We are looking for contract help in ensuring the foundation elements such as input data and parameters that are to be used by the new system are complete, robust, and sound to satisfy regulatory needs.
Financial industry experience is not required. First preference is working in Raleigh, NC then Tempe, AZ and Santa Clara, CA.
The following are the job expectations for these contractors:
Develop, document, and execute scripts to test data mapping, completeness, and accuracy.
Identify, file and track data issues and help resolve issues in cooperation with the project team.
Develop Source to Target maps suitable for business needs.
Participate in meetings with IT on data mapping etc.
Create necessary documents that will be used in presentations and regulatory requests.
Construct KPI/KDI dashboards in Tableau.
Help with compiling data reports.
With these expectations, the contractors are expected to be proficient in the following:
SQL (Critical) - able to develop complex queries, join multiple tables and understand what the data is saying. large number of tables need to be queried in a complex way. they need an extensive understanding of the data so strong SQL query building is required.
Working knowledge of SAS (Critical)
Tableau
MS Office products
Descriptive Statistics
Report writing
Interpersonal skills and communication
Financial Crimes experience (optional)

Company Description
About Global Technical Talent:
GTT is a 100% owned subsidiary of Chenega Corporation, a Native American Corporation performing on 250+ federal projects and 100+ commercial projects with over 5,800 US employees and 1 Billion in annual Revenue. GTT is a leading national staffing agency focused on IT talent; with clients nationwide and a technology-driven recruiting infrastructure.

WHY GTT:
Flexible work-life Balance, GTT’s exceptional employee driven culture. 1⁄2 day on Friday during summer, few days remote option.
Excellent base salary, One of industries TOP commission structure, three-week vacation.
State of the art Recruiting Infrastructure, AI driven ATS, 9 Million Unique Talent profile, 90+ highly experience Talent advocated.
Parent Company: 5600+ employee organization, over 900m in annual revenues across a variety of industries. Native American Company (8a ANC corporation)/ Minority Owned Benefits:
20 years of referenceable past performance with fortune 500 clients
Our long-term clients include some of national larges companies such as Goldman Sachs, TD Bank, UBS, Thomson Reuters, BOSE, TJX, Partners Healthcare, Fidelity, Amazon/Audible, LYFT, Eversource, PG&E, Abbot and more.
