Hospice of the Valley is a national leader in hospice care and has been serving the Phoenix metropolitan area since 1977. A mission-driven, not-for-profit organization, Hospice of the Valley employs compassionate, skilled professionals who are committed to excellence, enjoy teamwork and contribute daily to our mission and culture of caring. Team members experience a friendly, supportive atmosphere, leadership support, autonomy, flexibility and the privilege of doing meaningful, rewarding work.

Position Profile

The Senior Business Analyst (BA) works as a liaison between key business stakeholders and the Information Systems (IS) department. BAs are responsible for working with stakeholders to understand their business needs and working with IS partners to implement solutions that meet the business needs, goals and objectives.

Responsibilities

§ Works on multiple projects as an analyst, sometimes as a business subject matter expert (SME) in multiple functions.

§ Works with enterprise-wide business customers and IT senior management to understand business issues and their environment in order to manage enterprise-wide reporting information support systems.

§ Provides functional and technical expertise and direction for the development of complex enterprise-wide information system solutions.

§ Establishes relationships with customers, IT colleagues, contractors, vendors and consultants to influence strategic IT initiatives while managing their expectations.

§ Works with team members on problem definition and understanding stakeholder needs.

§ Works with the development teams to ensure projects remain focused on the solution scope.

§ Transforms business needs into clearly defined requirements that can feasibly be tested and implemented in a solution.

§ Works with IS leadership to assist with the proper Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring phase activities including: 1) identification of stakeholders, 2) selection of business analysis techniques and the process that will be used to manage requirements and 3) identification of how to assess the progress of the work across all levels.

§ Works with stakeholders and teams to ensure as-is and to-be business processes are documented.

§ Responsible for the development, writing and communication of business requirements documentation and ensures appropriate stakeholder sign-off.

§ Assists with the solution selection process and helps identify which solution best fits the business need. Activities can include: vendor product research, RFP development, vendor demonstrations and scenario scripting, vendor selection criteria/scoring methodology.

§ Facilitates requirements reviews with all impacted stakeholders including business functions, IT security, IT infrastructure, application support, compliance, legal, and contracting.

§ Works with IS leadership in the initial budget estimates and resource requirements for solution implementation.

§ Oversees and consults on system and integration testing activities to ensure system is developed according to defined requirements.

§ Oversees user acceptance testing and obtains sign-off from business customers.

§ Stays abreast of significant change management initiatives, assesses organizational impacts and presents to appropriate leadership.

Minimum Qualifications

§ Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Information Systems MIS or equivalent experience.

§ Minimum of 6 years of experience as a business/systems analyst on business solutions analysis projects.

Preferred Qualifications

§ 5+ years' experience working in the healthcare/medical environment required.

§ 5+ years' experience in SDLC; solid understanding in multiple methodologies (Waterfall, Agile, etc.)

Hospice of the Valley offers competitive salaries and excellent benefits that include medical, dental and vision plans, generous paid time off, a matching 401k, tuition assistance, an award winning wellness program and a host of employee recognition and rewards. Employees also receive comprehensive orientation, training and development opportunities.

Hospice of the Valley is an equal employment opportunity employer. EOE/M/F/D/V
