Business Support Analyst

Apply Now

Requisition # 10036123-WD

Job Type Day


Location
Tempe, Arizona


Date Posted 07/08/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description
Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?
Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we’re 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. It’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We’re a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.
Job Summary:
The Enterprise Operations Strategic Reporting Lead is responsible to support the collection of data from multiple sources to compile and send status reports related to projects, initiatives and programs in underway in Operations. The objective of the Reporting Lead is to ensure visibility and transparency of multiple efforts underway in the Operations portfolio of work, such as Regulatory Change Projects, Technology Projects, Business Initiatives, Process Improvement Projects (Lean Six Sigma), Records and Information Management Reports, Monthly Business Reviews, Third Party Risk Management Reports, and Ad Hoc reporting needs.The successful candidate can effectively mine data from various source systems to create detailed and executive-level status reports illustrating the portfolio of work underway in Operations.
Qualifications


Additional Information:
College degree preferred.
Mandatory skills include PowerPoint, SharePoint, Excel (PivotTables, Conditional Formatting, Vlookup/Data Model, Macros).
Database experience is recommended, and ideal candidate will also have experience using Structured Query Language (SQL),Tableau, Confluence, JIRA, Microsoft Teams.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Operations
Primary Location Tempe, Arizona


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
