Job Title: IT Healthcare Business Analyst
Location: Phoenix, AZ, 85012
Duration: 6+ Months
Job Description:
50% - Project/task management - Provide operational support on numerous projects by engaging business operations, information systems personnel, and PMO, as necessary to ensure success.
Schedule/attend meetings, capture minutes and actions, and act as the primary IT representative in absence of IT administrator.
Understand expectations and commitments so that they may be documented and communicated to responsible parties.
40% - Identify, evaluate, and document business needs and objectives, operational processes and procedures, problems and requirements.
Understand the business case, and gaps in documented business process (as is vs. to be).
Perform requirements elicitation/documentation/management, as well as use case documentation (standard, alternate, and error) to assist developers in creation of solutions to meet business objectives.
Leverage understanding to document meaningful user acceptance criteria for user stories and to identify opportunities for improvement.
Capable of facilitating communication between stakeholders from all levels of the organization while objectively identifying and resolving conflict.
10% - Other duties as assigned.
Required Experience:
SDLC – Agile (Scrum, Kanban) Experience
STLC Experience
Microsoft Technology Stack (or equivalent) Experience
Preferred Experience:
Scrum Master and/or Project Management Experience
Release Train, SAFe Experience
TDD/BDD Experience
Lean, Six Sigma Experience
Required Skills:
Healthcare domain knowledge
Lifecycle Model (TFS/VSTS, Jira, Rally, etc…)
Intermediate MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access)
Excellent verbal/written communication skills
Preferred Skills:
Healthcare domain specific knowledge (claims, encounters, EDI, EMR, EHR, HIPAA, etc…)
Intermediate Business Intelligence reporting/tools Experience (SSRS/SSIS, Power BI, Tableau, etc…)
Automated testing tools experience (Selenium, SoapUI, REST Assured, Postman, et al.)
About our Company:
22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
