Job Description
Business Process Analyst

Desired Qualifications:
The Business Process Analyst is responsible for completing process analysis, identifying procedural and control deficiencies, and recommending and implementing solutions.
Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangible variance factors.
Process design may require introducing new technology, staff, and substantial change to current structure.
Develops and leads process design or improvement initiatives, guiding teams across the business.
Has process expertise for multiple business groups and can provide analysis to the most complex and volatile business lines.
We are seeking a Business Process Analyst for our Business Process Transformation group to focus on key business initiatives which will transform our operating model to standardized enterprise workflow systems across the firm.
The Business Process Analyst will support process optimization and improvement initiatives to achieve productivity objectives while improving the client experience.
This person will collaborate with Product Owners, project partners and key stakeholders across the enterprise to identify and create an efficient and effective method to support the implementation of ongoing business process improvements. Certification in six sigma methodology or other process improvement methodology is certainly a plus.
What you will do:
Documents business requirements and creates user stories for development teams.
Analyzes business processes and creates user experience and process workflows.
Provides business direction, guidance, and decisions to process development and delivery teams.
Collaborates with cross enterprise process owners, channel owners, oversight, legal, compliance, and users creating solutions that are synergistic to the platform.
Engages users on process design, usability, and ease of use.
Evangelizes process improvement work.
Drives the requirements of process reporting metrics.
Leverages process analytics in conjunction with qualitative data for continual process improvements.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of analysis of business processes and enhancing operations to accomplish business objectives.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
Visio / Microsoft Office skills.
Ability to identify inefficiencies, opportunities to streamline business processes, and implement change.
Knowledge and understanding of financial controls and risk.
Risk management and mitigation experience.
Ability to develop and manage business relationships.
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems.
Ability to influence and collaborate at all internal organizational levels.
Ability to work effectively, as well as independently, in a team environment.
Ability to facilitate meetings.
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment.
What You Have:
5+ years' experience in a similar role.
Six sigma – Black belt or Green Belt
Business Process Management (BPM) knowledge.
Experience in the Business Process Management disciplines including technologies and methodologies.
Experience with Agile and SCRUM.
Experience with Visio or equivalent desired.
Financial services experience preferred.

Company Description
About Global Technical Talent:
GTT is a 100% owned subsidiary of Chenega Corporation, a Native American Corporation performing on 250+ federal projects and 100+ commercial projects with over 5,800 US employees and 1 Billion in annual Revenue. GTT is a leading national staffing agency focused on IT talent; with clients nationwide and a technology-driven recruiting infrastructure.

WHY GTT:
Flexible work-life Balance, GTT’s exceptional employee driven culture. 1⁄2 day on Friday during summer, few days remote option.
Excellent base salary, One of industries TOP commission structure, three-week vacation.
State of the art Recruiting Infrastructure, AI driven ATS, 9 Million Unique Talent profile, 90+ highly experience Talent advocated.
Parent Company: 5600+ employee organization, over 900m in annual revenues across a variety of industries. Native American Company (8a ANC corporation)/ Minority Owned Benefits:
20 years of referenceable past performance with fortune 500 clients
Our long-term clients include some of national larges companies such as Goldman Sachs, TD Bank, UBS, Thomson Reuters, BOSE, TJX, Partners Healthcare, Fidelity, Amazon/Audible, LYFT, Eversource, PG&E, Abbot and more.
