Plexus is a Network Marketing company and our mission is to enhance the health and happiness of those who support, promote, and use Plexus products. Plexus is passionate about doing it the way it could be done and should be done but rarely is.

Plexus is seeking outstanding individuals, who like working in a collaborative environment, getting the job done right, and empowering others. Plexus was recognized as one of Arizonas Best Places to Work in 2016 and 2017. We were also ranked No. 1 on the 2015 and 2017 Arizona Corporate Excellence (ACE) Fastest-Growing Private Companies list.

This position requires astute research, technical writing, and analytical skills to document business processes found in Customer Service and throughout the organization. This position will work collaboratively with business stakeholders across the company to understand work flows, scope, and timing of processes. Attention to detail, evaluation, time measurement, calculating ROI, and prioritization are other key skills.

Job Duties:
Use a continuous improvement approach to identify improvement opportunities, leverage creativity and flexibility in determining solutions.
Skilled with tools like MS PowerPoint and Visio to accurately document process flows
Experience in holding business requirement gathering meetings and collecting and documenting the requirements output.
Experience in a Customer Service organization
Experience with Exigo, Zendesk Support, Sell and Guide applications is a plus
Exceptional problem solving and analytical skills
Experience working across functional areas is critical (especially Strategy, Operations, Customer Service, Marketing and IT) and in consumer products or MLM industry is a plus
Strong interpersonal, communication, collaborative and team building skills; able to partner with people with different personalities and responsibilities, demonstrating conflict management skills
Excellent team player with ability to work effectively and collaboratively with executives and staff across functions
Excellent project management skills able to effectively keep cross-functional analysis initiatives on track and overcome barriers
Results oriented and bottom-line focused; Able to commit to and follow initiatives through to completion
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills
Able to present comfortably and compellingly to C-Suite and above audiences
Work as an independent contributor to collect specific process details on operational cross-functional processes
Commit to working together as one team, exceed service expectations by developing positive relationships and treat others with value and respectalways.
Exhibit an honest and committed effort to delivering as promised, never compromising quality.
Achieve individual and team goals. Meet deadlines with the resources provided and never compromise ethical standards.
Seek opportunities for personal and professional development. Attend all company required training and actively participate in development conversations with managers.
Contribute to the overall growth and success of Plexus by embracing the Plexus core values:
We are One Plexus.
We are accountable.
We get the job done right.
We empower others.
Minimum Qualifications:
BS/BA
5 years of related experience
Preferred Qualifications:
MBA
7 years of related experience
PMIs Professional in Business Analysis (PBA) or IIBA Credentials (ECBA, CCBA, or CBAP)
Benefits:
100% company paid medical, dental and vision for Employees.
401k program with a company match and immediate vesting.
Quarterly bonuses based on company profitability.
Weekly drawings for gift cards and cash.
Thank you for taking the time to apply for an opportunity with our One Plexus team! If you had any issues during the application process, please contact us directly.
