Our mission is to protect life.
We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. From our company's inception building the TASER device to a full suite of hardware and software solutions, we are focused on providing police agencies with the state-of-the-art devices and services they need to successfully serve and protect us. In the next few years, we're going to eliminate the burden of paperwork in policing, so officers can increase the time they spend building relationships and serving in their communities. We’ll put video at the heart of the police record so our justice system can get to the truth faster. And we won't stop innovating until the bullet is rendered obsolete.

It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day.

Your Impact
As a Sales Business Analyst you will provide the Axon sales and sales operations teams with the reporting needed to make great decisions, improve effectiveness, drive efficiency and succeed. You will have versatility in you role to not only develop analyses but also use those to identify improvement opportunities, develop solutions, and drive and manage projects to positive outcomes. You will play a key role to drive predictable revenue in a fast growing sales organization with a broad scope of career growth.
Your Day to Day
You will be joining the Sales Operations team as a generalist, gaining exposure to a wide variety of challenges, processes, and data that will ultimately drive predictable revenue and repeatable processes to scale the sales and customer operations organizations as a whole.
Support sales operations with streamlining reporting along with ad hoc reporting as requested through the sales operations team.
Analyze sales and business performance and provide insights and recommendations on opportunities to improve .
Identify solutions to analysis insights, and manage project scope including project definition, stakeholder management , timeline and implementation management.
Cross-functional engagement and influence across sales, customer operations, and other operational functions to figure out how we build the right processes and workflows to drive efficiency while also giving us the data to measure success.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business or a related discipline
Must be highly analytical, process oriented, collaborative and creative problem solver
Must be intrinsically motivated, cannot require constant support/supervision
Must be able to function independently, as a team member and as a leader depending upon the circumstances
Must be dedicated to helping to improve sales processes and outcomes
Must be able to simultaneously manage multiple tasks of varying complexity and priority
Must possess strong verbal and written communication skills including the ability to share complex topics clearly, concisely, effectively and professionally
Must have a great attitude and a visible desire to help Axon grow, thrive and succeed
Previous sales or sales ops experience a plus
Experience with Microsoft Excel and advanced knowledge of SalesForce
Preferred Qualifications
2+ years of experience in a demanding analytic role or professional experience, ideally in consulting, finance, or a startup
Previous sales or sales/customer operations experience
Tableau/SQL and/or R
Demonstrated leadership experience
Self-starter who thrives with problem-solving and embraces ambiguity
Enthusiasm and commitment to AXON's Mission, Core Values, and Program Mission
Willingness to join forces and drive company-wide initiatives across multiple departments
Compensation and Benefits
Competitive salary and 401K with employer match
Discretionary paid time off
Robust parental leave policy
An award-winning office/working environment
Ride along with real police officers in real life situations, see them use technology, get inspired
And more...
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
