Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 14,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Job Summary

The Systems Analyst Associate reports to the system manager and works with a team of analysts and developers on small to large projects of all levels of complexity. The Regulatory Reporting Technology and Intranet team supports and develops internally developed and vendor supplied applications used to generate regulatory reports to the Federal Reserve and other regulatory entities. The team also supports the bank-wide internal intranet site.

Major Responsibilities:
Under supervision and direction, reviews business requirements and prepares functional requirements documentation.
Assists with configuration and implementation of regulatory reporting and other software
Assists with Unit Testing and Integration Testing of regulatory reporting and other software, including creating test cases and documenting test results.
Assists with the preparation of user system documentation, such as training plans, procedure documents and other materials
Follows documented procedures to implement required software changes, submit requests for approval, request access and resolve support tickets.
Assist to track project tasks, monitor progress to deadlines, contribute to project status reporting
Assists with data analysis using excel, sql or other techniques, presents results in clear and understandable format.
Prepares usable, clear and concise documents
Make requested changes to the bank-intranet site with high degree of accuracy and timeliness
Assists in the systems analyses, development and evaluation of system designs and solutions.

Qualifications
Good oral and written communication skills.
Good organization, planning, and interpersonal skills.
Motivated to learn and develop
Work Experience Typically requires 1-3 years of system analysis experience.
Education: Degree in computer science or related area.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, its the banks policy to only inquire into a candidates criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
