OverviewJob RequirementsThe Business Analyst, Operational R & A, engages with business segments, senior leadership, IT groups and cross-functional teams to develop and implement analytics, KPIs and reporting to support Student Administrative Services.ResponsibilitiesJob Accountabilities1. Perform all phases of reporting, including coordination, monitoring, logging, tracking, and resolving requests appropriately and within established parameters to ensure customer expectations are met. Ensure the timely and accurate generation of all reporting, ensuring consistency and standardization amongst the various types of reports and databases.2. Work directly with department senior leaders and cross-functional leads to provide trend analyses that help provide strategic guidance and guide decisions for operational strategies to improve efficiencies and manage business KPIs.3. Source, compile and interpret key operational and statistical data; analyze metrics performance; and generate a variety of value-added reports for customers, including KPIs and critical success factors for services and processes.4. Lead and develop business requirements and process documentation for ad hoc, on demand and standard reports used by multiple users. Maintain a reporting schedule and documentation of reporting procedures. This includes providing recommendations on report design and automation using best practices to meet business needs. Generate and maintain control documentation of reporting procedures to comply with governance audits and regulatory requirements.5. Monitor and maintain workforce management and planning processes. This includes helping senior leaders make workforce management decisions about staffing queues and headcount forecasting that ensure optimal levels of service are met.6. Lead efforts to review and recommend improvements and subsequent development of reporting enhancements and operational improvements, including the creation of new reporting dashboards and analytical reports. Lead efforts to review and recommend changes to business processes to increase system effectiveness as necessary. Provide expertise and analytical strategy during the implementation of new processes, initiatives and technology changes.7. Provide direction and support to less experienced analysts to orient them and increase their understanding of complex business analysis functions and industry requirements8. Perform other duties as assigned or apparent.NOTE: The primary accountabilities above are intended to describe the general content and requirements of this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive statement of duties. Incumbents may perform all or most of the primary accountabilities listed above. Specific goals or responsibilities will be documented in the incumbents' performance objectives as outlined by the incumbents' immediate supervisor or manager. .Job Supervisory ResponsibilitiesNoneQualificationsJob SkillsMINIMUM KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES):* Bachelor's degree in a related field that includes both analytic thinking and applied management of analytics solutions* Two (2) years of related experience that includes at least one (1) year of experience working with advanced business intelligence concepts, communicating them to users in business terms, and applying them toward solutions-oriented challenges, at least one (1) year of experience writing T-SQL and/or PL/SQL, and at least one (1) years of experience designing and authoring reports/dashboard using Microsoft BI Stack (SSRS/SSIS/Power BI) or other current reporting toolsPREFERRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES):* Comprehensive understanding of business processes, production systems, enterprise-wide data flows, source and target databases, and enterprise data warehouse and reporting environment and standards* Ability to effectively translate business requirements into business rules and supporting data models* Familiarity with advanced concepts of relational database operation* Ability to manage multiple concurrent analytics projects* Experience with project methodology and documentation* Strong analytical, negotiation and research skills along with experience working with data in a highly analytic environment* Prior experience in a Business Analyst role or similar role* Experience in the education industry* General understanding of the higher education industryAs an Equal Opportunity employer, we particularly encourage applications from members of historically underrepresented racial/ethnic groups, women, individuals with disabilities, veterans, LGBTQ community members, and others who demonstrate the ability to help us achieve our vision of a diverse and inclusive community.
