Job Description

About Us:

Our mission at Circle K is to make people's lives a little easier every day. Our global family of 130,000 people in over 16,000 stores and 26 countries makes that possible for our millions of clients worldwide, which is why we are committed to helping them achieve their goals and grow with us. We set ourselves apart by our culture of pride: pride in our people and their development, pride in serving others, what we've built and what we are striving to achieve. No matter where you come from or where you are heading in your career, there is a place for you to grow at Circle K. When you grow, we grow - together.

Within the IT Retail System team, the Lift Support Services team is looking to add a Business Systems Analyst to the team to support the continuous improvement of product development, deployment, and support systems. Lift is an interactive touchscreen product that aligns with the Point of Sale at Circle K stores to bring shoppers deal offerings and savings opportunities. This role will be responsible for supporting innovation and change management to all operational areas of the product from hardware and software to testing, planning, deployment, and help desk.

Duties of the role will include but not be limited to:
Support the Help Desk team in escalation and issue resolution
Support and enable QA efforts related to supported products
Manage software deployment
Troubleshoot and quantify support issues
Support marketing and advertising campaigns as needed
Coordinate and manage reporting/data mining efforts as needed
Manage platform infrastructure
Support documentation and training efforts for installers, support teams, and users
Inventory management
Hardware innovation/management of the evolution of the product
Perform other job duties as required
Candidates should have some or all of the following qualifications:
5-10 year overall support and/or Project Management experience
Excellent Excel skills
Experience with SQL/database, basic DB skills
Ability to excel in a team first environment
Self-starter, ability to operate and execute with limited supervision
Advanced analytical skills
Advanced troubleshooting/problem solving skills
Solid communication skills with both written and spoken, familiarity with communicating to technical and non-technical audiences
Experience with retail POS systems and/or technical product support
Circle K is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

The Company complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA) and all state and local disability laws. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to a reasonable accommodation under the terms of the ADA and certain state or local laws as long as it does not impose an undue hardship on the Company. Please inform the Company's Human Resources Representative if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process.

Click below to review information about our company's use of the federal E-Verify program to check work eligibility:

In English

In Spanish
