Business Systems Analyst

Apply Now

Requisition # 10035737-WD

Job Type Day


Location
Tempe, Arizona


Date Posted 06/29/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description
Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we’re 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. It’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We’re a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Systems Analyst, Assistant Vice President

Job Summary
Systems Business Analyst needed to participate on development efforts for large team working on project and maintenance activities. Analyze business requirements and create detailed functional requirements, solution documents and support technical design. The candidate should have an understanding of the Banking and Financial Industry.

Primary Responsibilities:
Document and analyze user business processes and requirements.
Analyze current business processes, build current process model diagrams and make recommendations on changes to improve process.
Build design documents based on meetings, JAD sessions or other requirements gathering tools, with developers and end-users.
Assist in defining the user requirements and makes sure they are addressed in application implementation.
Influences business users in redefining the business processes to maximize application usage as required. Recommends “builds” only for differentiation.
Perform data analysis, profiling, and validation of new data sources, involving loans, deposits and other security related data.
Integrate with Data Management Office to ensure continuity and consistency of data integrity and data quality across all Finance technology platforms and solutions.
Create systems test plans and then ultimately perform system testing for assigned change requests, updates and patch bundles/upgrades.
Provide functional support to the technical team in systems development and act as an liaison between end users and the technical team members.
Assist in testing of new or modified systems. Work with the QA team in conducting multiple levels of testing from stress, performance and standard application testing.
Major Responsibilities
80%- Financials Systems Analysis and configuration
20%- Finance Technology Strategy & Planning

Qualifications
College degree, preferably in Banking, Accounting, Business or IT related field or the equivalent.
1+ year of experience with financial systems
The job requires a knowledge of the SDLC process, process documentation, and business system architecture and associated technologies. Solid skills in data organization, problem solving, systems documentation, and report writing are required.
Troubleshooting and resolving complex financial system issues & problems using Query/SQL is required.
Must be a team player with good interpersonal, verbal and written communications skills.
Should be able to work with off-shore vendors and resources spread out globally.
Must understand the value of a standardized, centrally-managed environment.
Ability to communicate and work directly with end users.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Project Management
Primary Location Tempe, Arizona


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
