Summary and Essential Duties


The Senior Business Intelligence Data Analyst designs and develops interactive reporting solutions and create descriptive, diagnostic & predictive analytics that bring data to life through compelling visualizations and effective storytelling. (S)he will partner with business leaders across the organization to surface key metrics and unlock the vital insights that drive data-informed decisions and guide business strategy.

The Senior Business Intelligence Data Analyst will leverage Power BI to create dashboards, analysis, visualizations and other end-to-end data solutions that support company initiatives. This role will support the success of the company by providing analytic support in sales, marketing, supply chain, operations, finance and more.

Essential Duties:
Design, develop and maintain a suite of best-in-class BI solutions using Power BI
Simplify and communicate complex concepts to partners across the enterprise to drive data-driven outcomes
Accelerate the organization’s data capabilities and provide the means for increasingly sophisticated uses of data while promoting data literacy across the organization
Data Visualization: Provide data-driven decision support by unlocking insights through intuitive visual tools, best-in-class executive dashboards and interactive self-service analytical reports
Enable & Optimize Analytics: Provide technical coaching, mentoring and training across multiple stakeholder groups
Strategic Use of Data: Establish and lead best-practices and development of content that enhance the effectiveness and adoption of the data platform in ways that support strategic initiative and drive business results
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
B.S. in Business, Computer Science, Analytics or another quantitative discipline.
3+ years of experience as a BI/Data Analyst or Developer creating solutions using Power BIIntermediate to Advanced MS SQL experience preferred.
Proficiency developing tabular data models in SSAS, Power BI or PowerPivot
Knowledge of DAX a plus • Expert knowledge of data visualization best practices
Ability to develop partnerships across different functional teams with a desire to work in a collaborative, intellectually curious environment
Highly motivated self-starter with the ability to work efficiently with minimal supervision and direction
Must be flexible and willing to work the demands of the department which may be sometimes include evenings, weekends and holidays
Preferred Qualifications:
Data analysis expertise and experience managing data visualization tools, creating and maintaining data models and solving business problems with data
Strong programming skills using advanced statistical tools (e.g. R, Python, SAS) with ability to manipulate data for analytical purposes, conduct statistical data analysis, and build predictive models.
Understanding of decision trees, segmentation, regression and machine learning models used to analyze customer behaviors, interaction patterns, correlations and probabilities
Proven ability to drive each project to completion with minimal guidance while effectively managing multiple projects at a time.
Knowledge of data management fundamentals and modern data warehousing principles
High intellectual curiosity, advanced analytical skills and the ability to effectively communicate complex concepts
Corporate Summary


At Shamrock Foods Company, people come first – our associates, our customers, and the families we serve across the nation. A privately-held, family-owned and -operated Forbes 500 company, Shamrock is an innovator in the food industry and has been since being founded in Arizona in 1922.

Our Mission:

At Shamrock Foods Company, we live by our founding family’s motto to 'treat associates like family and customers like friends.'

Why work for us?

Benefits are a major part of your overall compensation, and we believe offering them at an affordable cost is not only the right thing to do, but it helps keep you and your family healthy. That’s why Shamrock Foods pays for the majority of your health insurance, allowing you to take home more of your paycheck. And it doesn’t stop there - our associates also enjoy additional benefits such as 401(k) Savings Plan, Profit Sharing, Paid Time Off, as well as our incredible growth opportunities, continued education, wellness programs, and much more!
