Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. Our business has been growing for more than 60 years and now is the best time in our history to join us. We are opening more locations every year and we are always looking for qualified individuals to join us in our growth. We are a company that promotes from within, both in our retail and corporate operations.

Under minimal supervision the Senior Software Quality Analyst is responsible for authoring test strategies, plans, scripts for newly developed features and executing the same for Omni channel applications while working in an agile set up.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Create, document and maintain test strategies, test approaches, test scenarios and test scripts in collaboration with stakeholders.
Map business and technical requirements into test scenarios and scripts
Execute both manual and automated tests, troubleshooting any failures on automated tests.
Identify complex interdependencies affecting testing outcomes and collaborates with other teams to ensure full testing coverage.
Identify, analyze and document complex defects, questionable functions, errors and inconsistencies in software programs functions, including, but not limited to, outputs, online screens, content and security
Stay current on the latest industry technologies, trends and strategies
Assist employees, vendors or other customers by answering questions related to QA processes
Complete work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service.
Mentor, coach and train Software Quality Analyst I & II
Assume QA oversight of projects in the areas of design control, risk management, design verification and validation.
Participate in interviews and provides constructive feedback in a way that influences positive outcomes with team members.
Other duties as assigned

Job Requirements


Qualifications:
This position requires a minimum of five years of software testing experience, including an understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), databases, such as DB2 and SQL, file structures, and system design is necessary.
Intermediate knowledge of defect and test management tools is necessary
Knowledge of source code management tools, such as SVN, GIT, Bitbucket is preferred.
Understanding of Functional, Non-Functional, System Integration and Regression testing principles is required. Experience with web based, cloud hosted enterprise software products is preferred.
Proven experience executing and troubleshooting automated tests using industry testing tools, such as Selenuium or UFT. Intermediate experience with scripting languages such as Groovy, Python, JavaScript is required.
Ability to follow Company testing standards is required
Ability to review complex functional and technical specifications, analyze risks and identify interdependencies is necessary
Proven experience writing complex SQL queries is required.
Demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of the organization is necessary as well as the ability to clearly articulate technical ideas to a non-technical audience both verbally and in writing is required.
Advanced level computer experience, including skills in Microsoft Word and Excel, is necessary.
The ability to work successfully within a team as a trusted expert for assigned duties is necessary.
Ability to identify complex problems, review information to develop and evaluate options before implementing solutions is essential
Proven ability to multi-task and motivate self and other while managing multiple projects and meeting various deadlines simultaneously is required.
Customer service skills, including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude are essential.
In addition, organizational and problem solving skills, a can-do attitude, and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential.
Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values are key attributes
Proven ability to lead effectively and influence others in a positive way.
Educational Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.

Foundation level certification required (Advanced Certification preferred) in a QA industry recognized program such as ISTQB or CSTE.

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Occasional overtime (more than forty hours per week) may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to
