Job Description

Immediate need for a talented Business Process Analyst with experience in the Banking and Financial Industry. This is a 06+ Months contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Tempe, AZ. Please review the job description below.

Job ID: 20-22665

Key Responsibilities and Technology Experience:
Documents business requirements and creates user stories for development teams.
Analyzes business processes and creates user experience and process workflows.
Provides business direction, guidance, and decisions to process development and delivery teams.
Collaborates with cross enterprise process owners, channel owners, oversight, legal, compliance, and users creating solutions that are synergistic to the platform.
Engages users on process design, usability and ease of use.
Evangelizes process improvement work.
Drives the requirements of process reporting metrics.
Leverages process analytics in conjunction with qualitative data for continual process improvements.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of analysis of business processes and enhancing operations to accomplish business objectives.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
Visio / Microsoft Office skills.
Ability to identify inefficiencies, opportunities to streamline business processes, and implement change
Knowledge and understanding of financial controls and risk
Risk management and mitigation experience.
Ability to develop and manage business relationships.
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems.
Ability to influence and collaborate at all internal organizational levels.
Ability to work effectively, as well as independently, in a team environment
Ability to facilitate meetings.
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment.
5+ years’ experience in a similar role.
Six sigma – Black belt or Green Belt.
Business Process Management (BPM) knowledge.
Experience in the Business Process Management disciplines including technologies and methodologies.
Experience with Agile and SCRUM.
Experience with Visio or equivalent desired.
Financial services experience preferred.
Our client is a leading Banking and Financial Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration.
J2W:CB3
