Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

Leads the planning, analysis, design, implementation, maintenance, and control of the organization's server-class databases. Consults with and advises senior management and multiple clients on high impact data or database management issues, influencing strategic direction. Handles and leads various large-scale or highly complex data/database management activities including one or more of the following: designing highly complex logical and/or physical databases; leading highly complex data modeling, mapping, integration, and capacity planning efforts; developing management policies, procedures and standards; and business requirements identification, analysis and development. Provides mentoring, guidance and general oversight to less experienced staff in a variety of database design, administration and/or modeling activities. Leads complex projects.

Required Qualifications
7+ years of database design and administration experience
7+ years of Data Guard experience
7 + years of experience writing relational database queries for stored procedures, query optimization and performance tuning
3+ years of experience with Oracle database performance monitoring, database and SQL tuning tools such as Explain plan, AWR, or Grid control
Desired Qualifications
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
7+ years of PL/SQL experience
Other Desired Qualifications
Experience with Oracle technologies (Oracle RAC, ASM, OEM, Data Guard, partitioning, security, performance tuning, memory management, SQL tuning, statistics gathering, Application audit logs, Scheduling, etc.)
Experience in utilizing performance tuning tools like AWR, Grid control or similar technologies. Understand and interpret the reports generated from tools and resolve performance issues.
Experience in backup and recovery, application patching, cloning, maintenance and problem solving within the Oracle 12c environments.
Experience in leading and supporting upgrade activities within the Oracle 11g ,12c, 18c & Oracle 19c
Good understanding of compliance and audit remediation.
Demonstrated experience with UNIX and Shell Scripting
Experience with Exadata, multitenant architecture, Golden Gate, Database Vault, OVD
Experience with on-call support
Participates in various large-scale or highly complex data/database management activities including one or more of the following
Understanding highly complex data modeling, mapping, integration, and capacity planning efforts
Reviewing management policies, procedures and standards
Inherent knowledge of low-latency systems used for financial activities.
Experience in troubleshooting and performance tuning code within the database like stored procedures, views, triggers, partitioned objects, table relationships and hierarchies.
Experience with Golden Gate
Demonstrated experience in performance monitoring & tuning using SQLT or equivalent
Demonstrated experience in designing for high volume OLTP applications
Proven experience in designing and maintenance of large partitioned tables
Demonstrated experience in ETL, sql*loader and datapump
Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
