Primary Purpose and Essential Functions: Analyst is responsible for a full range of activities, which support Executive Management and their teams in operational effectiveness and excellence within their individual areas of responsibility. Analyst will analyze the profitability of operations through basic financial and statistical modeling and reporting, and make appropriate recommendations, leading to positive operational effectiveness. Analyst will also assist in the implementation of the Annual Operating Plans for the various areas of responsibility.
Analyze the company's activities and trends, and compares analysis against service standards and best practices.
Assist in the development of tactical and strategic initiatives to support organization objectives, and identify strategies for implementation. Collaborate with Financial Planning & Business Analysis (FP & BA) team to implement overall best practice processes to support those initiatives.
Work closely with Business Intelligence Analyst (BIA) personnel to identify and maximize information and technology to improve business processes as well as financial and operational metrics.
Responsible for developing and maintaining driver based forecast models to properly inform Executive Leadership Team of expected operational results.
Proactively identify opportunities for operational and financial improvement. Present findings to FP & BA and assist in implementation.
Support business units in successfully executing plans and reaching forecasted goals.
Heavily involved in the preparation and creation of the Annual Operating Plan.
Proactively seek opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base and proficiencies.
Skills: Ability to create advanced interactive and variable financial models with measurement tools including NPV, IRR, WACC, ROA, and ROI. Intermediate Microsoft Office skills (Excel, Word, Power Point). Ability to query raw data using Microsoft Query, VBA, Business Objects, and Sequel. Strong interpersonal, written and presentation skills. Ability to multi-task and prioritize workload. Self starter, needing little motivation or direct supervision. Intermediate knowledge of accounting, including the balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement.
Education: Baccalaureate from an accredited university or college
Experience Required: More than two (2) years of direct financial analytical experience is expected. Candidates with an MBA degree and more than one (1) year of relevant analytical experience may also be considered.
