Business Analyst - Agile, OOP, Client Facing - Phoenix, AZ - Must have a software / technical background - Mid to Senior- 100% remote during Covid-19 - plus benefits - Four-month contract to hire

The Role

Due to an extended period of growth and on-boarding of new clients, a talented Business Analyst (Agile, Client facing experience) is required to join a digital transformation and continue the technical growth of the company. You'll work closely with high profile stakeholders, analysing their requirements objectively for business requirements. Ideally, you'll have a software engineering / technical background able to come in and support so that you are about to hit the ground running, supporting a broad spectrum of applications languages. Knowing object-oriented language is going to be key to your personal success on the team. Teams they support: Accounting, Finance, multiple different applications, focusing on upgrades, enhancements, technical issues, work on the backlog, etc. This is a truly agile environment with 2 weeks sprints. You'll be able to demonstrate the ability to be flexible and deal with a challenging environment.

Business Analyst role requirements

Essentials;
At least 3 years' experience in a Business Analyst role
2 Years of Technical Experience, Object Orientated Programming (OOP)
Knowledge with object oriented language
PowerShell scripting is a huge plus

Ability to read, interpret code (can be jr but prefers someone with 2-4 years of experience programming)

Agile background and environment expertise in enterprise environments - financial client background is a plus since they support the accounting and finance department as well
Problem solver with a leadership mentality
Gathering requirements, working with business and IT to create solutions
Working on Internal applications for the credit union
A great personality, must love teamwork and be willing to get stuck in!

The Company

Based just outside Pheonix city centre, this company is an award-winning and essential in the current climate. Their working culture is relaxed, supportive and no-nonsense, so if you're looking for a place to feel valued this could be it!

You'll receive a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package so apply now for immediate consideration!

Business Analyst - Agile, OOP, Client Facing - Phoenix, AZ - Must have a software / technical background - Mid to Senior- 100% remote during Covid-19 - plus benefits - Four-month contract to hire

Oscar Associates Limited (US) is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
