Title: IT Business Analyst/Scrum Master
Location: Phoenix AZ 85007
Duration: 12+ Months
Job Description:
The BA is responsible for all aspects of requirements management in an Agile project, including working with the Product Owner and other stakeholders to create and refine the Product Backlog for a new system.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Works with project stakeholders and Product Owners to create and maintain the Product Backlog.
Understand and apply Agile development methodology as it applies to requirements management
Performs feasibility analysis, scopes projects, and works with the project management team to prioritizes deliverables, and negotiate on product functionalities.
Creates detailed Business Requirement Document (BRD) and translate it into functional specifications.
Collaborating with business users to fully surface their requirements; conducting interviews with key project stakeholders, document, and presenting the results.
Provides analytic support by coordinating data extraction from various databases and data interpretation.
Partners with development and analytic teams to provide reporting on software solutions.
Creates UAT testing scenarios with subject matter experts. Participates in UAT.
Supporting traceability from requirements through to QA; assisting in the definition of test plans and testing strategies and in the creation of test cases.
Required Qualification:
Bachelor's Degree in Business or IT
Required Experience:
3+ years of experience working as a Functional, Data or Business Analyst
3+ years of experience in Access, Excel (Advanced), Visio, and MS Project
3+ years of customer interfacing experience – project oversight, customer presentation
Working knowledge of Agile development and best practices
Preferred Experience:
Experience with DevOps a plus
Required Skills:
Excellent knowledge and understanding
Excellent Communication (written + oral) Skills
Business/Customer facing skills
Ability to work independently and ability to multi task
Experience of SDLC and Agile development methodologies
Preferred Skills:
Experience with any or all of the following highly desirable: MS Dynamics, OnBase, Azure, DevOps and ERP implementations.
About our Company:
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Staffing is a Minority & Woman Owned Business Enterprise (MWBE) that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Our journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions.
Our Global Delivery model with over 110 recruiters, data miners and research analysts working across multiple time zones is backed by an internal database of 800,000 resources across all major industries.
With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
