About Dexcom:
Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.
Functional Description: Professional Individual Contributor
Plans, performs and implements process improvement initiatives (such as Lean or Six Sigma). Diagrams and evaluates existing processes. Organizes, leads and facilitates cross-functional project teams. Develops metrics that provide data for process measurement, identifying indicators for future improvement opportunities. Collects data to identify root cause of problems. Measures performance against process requirements. Aligns improvement to performance shortfalls. Provides consultation on the use of re-engineering techniques to improve process performance and product quality. May deliver presentations and training courses including measurement, analysis, improvement and control. Surveys and analyzes best practices for techniques and processes. Communicates team progress. Performs cost and benefit analyses.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities:
Conducts complex document revisions and/or document management including batch production records, manufacturing procedures, and cross functional procedures.
Creates and presents trending and metrics reports i.e. Inventory Counts, Good Documentation Reports, Work Order Reports, Time Studies, WIP Labor Tracker, etc.
Works with manufacturing managers and supervisors to develop and maintain training materials and curricula on process operations, theory, and compliance.
Support MRP (Oracle) and MES (Camstar) related projects.
Uses expert knowledge of compliance and cGMP manufacturing processes to manage investigation and improvement initiatives within manufacturing operations
Manages cross functional teams to drive complex investigation close outs, determine root cause and implement appropriate Corrective and Preventative Action; completion of NCMRs, NCEs, CAPAs, Internal Audit, etc.
Utilizes manufacturing process knowledge and investigation skill sets to identify and resolve manufacturing issues, improve process operations and affect positive change.
This position assumes and performs other duties as assigned.
Experience and Education Requirements:
Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2-5 years of related experience.
Travel Required:
Up to 25%
Functional/Business Knowledge:
Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues.
General application of concepts and principles.
Demonstrates project management skills and successful track record of completion.
Contributes to the development of new concepts, techniques, and standards.
Scope:
Receives general oversight and guidance on approaches to compete project related tasks.
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors.
Develops solutions to a variety of problems.
Builds productive internal/external working relationships.
Judgement:
Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.
Normally receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignments.
An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Talent Acquisition at talentacquisition@dexcom.com.
To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Dexcom. Only authorized staffing and recruiting agencies may use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes on specific requisitions. Dexcom does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to the Talent Acquisition team, Dexcom employees or any other company location. Dexcom is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
