Who we are...


Verra Mobility is a global leader in smart mobility. A combination of the global capabilities and talents of American Traffic Solutions (ATS), Highway Toll Administration (HTA), and Euro Parking Collection (EPC), the company develops technology-enabled solutions that help the world move safely and easily. Verra Mobility fosters the development of safe cities, working with police departments and municipalities by operating more than 4,000 red-light, speed, and school bus stop arm safety cameras in more than 200 jurisdictions across North America. The company also creates smart roadways, serving the world's largest commercial fleets and rental car companies to manage tolling transactions and violations for more than 8.5 million vehicles. Verra Mobility is a leading provider of connected systems, processing nearly 165 million transactions each year through connectivity with more than 50 individual tolling authorities and more than 400 issuing authorities. Arizona-based Verra Mobility Corp. currently operates in 15 countries and in 22 languages.

Focused on solutions that help the world move safely and easily, Verra Mobility builds safe cities, smart roadways, and the connected systems that tie them together. The company is constantly looking toward the future, ensuring it creates relevant solutions today that will work tomorrow. Seeking to understand new customers, regions, and businesses that will shape tomorrow’s smart mobility experiences, Verra Mobility strives to ensure more people around the world reach their destination safely and easily. Keeping its core principles front and center, Verra Mobility is fueled by relationships, driven by impact, guided by what’s right, and energized by what’s next.

Culture

Verra Mobility Corporation is a rapidly-growing, entrepreneurial company that operates with a people-first philosophy and approach. The company lives by its core values—Do What’s Right, Lead with Grace, Win Together, and Own It—in everything it does for its customers and team members. The company seeks to grow aggressively, both organically and through acquisition, to continue to be the undisputed market leader with these five core competencies: bias for action, customer focus, teamwork, drive for results, and commitment to excellence.

Position Overview


This position will be responsible for the administration of Global HR Systems and Non-US Payroll.

Essential Responsibilities
Manage the integrity and stability of the Global HR Information System (Ultimate Software) and other HR systems applications
Maintain and organize data, upgrade testing, and integrations related to all HR systems applications
Produce standard and ad-hoc reporting and analytics to meet the needs of stakeholders in the business
Ensure accuracy and integrity of data in addition to following established procedures for creating and updating employee records
Support the integration of employee data as a result of mergers and acquisitions
Responsible for the preparation and processing of monthly payroll for non-us employees in multiple countries in partnership with in-country providers
Manage workflows to ensure all payroll transactions are processed accurately and timely; including the accuracy of approved timesheets and accounting for other special payroll deductions or one time payments
Ensure complete, accurate, and timely payroll tax filings, including year-end documents, in partnership with in-country providers
On board and Off board employees
Provide employees and stakeholders with excellent customer service while adhering to company policies and local regulations
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Accounting/Finance, Human Resources, or a related field strongly preferred
Minimum of 2 years of HR Information Systems administration experience required
Minimum 1 year of global HR and/or payroll experience required
Excellent PC skills (Word, Power Point, etc.); advanced Excel skills required
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment; adaptable to flex and change as business needs and priorities change
Excellent customer service, relationship building, and written and verbal communication skills
Strong organizational and analytical skills; must be detail oriented
Ability to multi-task, prioritize multiple projects, meet deadlines and solve problems analytically
Ability to show discretion with confidential information
Integrity, trust and acting in the best interest of the Company, Shareholders and Employees
Aligned with Verra Mobility Values
Do What’s Right – We’ve committed to doing the right thing for each other and for our customers – integrity is our DNA
Lead With Grace – We embrace the importance of our colleagues and customers and always treat them with kindness and grace.
Own It – We foster a culture of accountability and excellence, where going the extra mile is standard practice.
Win Together – We are ambitious and like to win, but we know we win more when we include others and work together.
Verra Mobility is an Equal Opportunity Employer, qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.
