Job Description
Erus Energy is seeking a BSA with a high level of experience with NetSuite to become an integral part of our team in our corporate office.

You will run reports, make updates and fine tune our companies processes.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to evaluate, design, and implement systems and process improvements.
Provide training and ongoing support to end-users on new systems and processes.
Develop and continually refine business process documentation, release memos, and workflow maps. Disseminate documentation as necessary.
Document, update, and maintain issues list, project files and other applicable forums for each project.
Identify process improvement opportunities and draft proposals that clearly articulate the business impact and the success metrics.
Enhance the Erus Energy NetSuite portal with specific focus on custom NetSuite functionality.
Assist Business Development and Executive initiatives as needed.
Other Duties as assigned
Qualifications:
Experience with technical implementation and/or management of ERP's specifically with customizing forms, workflow and reports.
Associate's degree in Business or Computer Science and 3+ years of experience with Business Operations or systems development.
Excellent business acumen and ability to articulate key concepts to all levels of stakeholders.
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills
Strong attention to details and analytical skills; enjoy root cause analyses.
Knowledge of transactional business processing in Accounting applications in NetSuite
Benefits:
Competitive pay based on experience with bonus opportunity
A choice of medical, dental, vision, life, and short-term disability insurance, pet discount program, 401K with company match, 2 weeks paid vacation, 1 week paid sick time per year, and 8 paid holidays per year.
Weekly payroll
Employee Referral Program.
Customer Referral Program.
Career path for top performers
About Us:

Erus Energy is a leading solar energy company headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona with offices located throughout Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. With over 16,000 customers in 6 states across the USA, Erus Energy is the premier choice for employees and customers. Find out more about us by visiting our website at http://www.erusenergy.com/.

Erus Energy is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment with out regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
