Summary and Essential Duties


This position is responsible for ensuring that the business requirements related to technology are well defined and addressed by identifying relevant technology solutions to overcome the business problems and assuring business benefits.

Essential Duties:
Applying IT knowledge and skills to propose action, provide technical coordination, or conduct implementation activities to drive IT software/process solutions.
Conducting research, gather and interpret requirements, conduct analysis and/or develop recommendations related to IT processes and/or software products solutions.
Acting as a liaison/coordinator within the IT Department and business units by establishing and maintaining strong relationships with multiple business units and disciplines throughout our organization.
Working with the other analysts, software engineers, system designers, and business owners to lead in design, development and execution of test scripts.
Troubleshooting production issues, document problems and provide recommend appropriate solutions or escalate to others for further action.
Mentoring and instructing others Analysts and business User on standard/best practices and the solution design methods.
Performing other duties as assigned to meet business needs.
Qualifications:
Master's degree or Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university, or one to two years of equivalent experience Master's degree or Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university and two to five years of relevant experience, or three to six years of equivalent experience
Three or more years of experience in primary technology stack: Web Applications
Demonstrable experience working with database technologies, able to write complex SQL statements to read, update, insert, and delete data
Experience in Agile development processes, methodologies, and tools
Demonstrable experience with facilitating QA processes and using Testing tools such as Microsoft Test Manager
Experience in business process/software experience working in core distribution and manufacturing business processes (Procurement, Sales, Distribution, Warehouse Management, Logistics, Production and Shop Floor)
Advanced Technical and Software Application Knowledge
Advanced Problem Solving / Analytical Skills
Software Implementation experience
SQL / data analysis skills
Corporate Summary


Corporate Summary:

At Shamrock Foods Company, people come first – our associates, our customers, and the families we serve across the nation. A privately-held, family-owned and -operated Forbes 500 company, Shamrock is an innovator in the food industry and has been since being founded in Arizona in 1922.

Our Mission:

At Shamrock Foods Company, we live by our founding family’s motto to 'treat associates like family and customers like friends.'

Why work for us?

Benefits are a major part of your overall compensation, and we believe offering them at an affordable cost is not only the right thing to do, but it helps keep you and your family healthy. That’s why Shamrock Foods pays for the majority of your health insurance, allowing you to take home more of your paycheck. And it doesn’t stop there - our associates also enjoy additional benefits such as 401(k) Savings Plan, Profit Sharing, Paid Time Off, as well as our incredible growth opportunities, continued education, wellness programs, and much more!
