Are you an autonomous self-starter who is inquisitive and pride yourself on
being a true polished professional? Not afraid to be humble yet a constant
collaborative leader within your space? If these depict you in a nutshell, plan
on joining an Extremely Stable and Financially Sound Growing Organization!

The Senior Business Analyst Financialwill have an impact in the strategy
and goals of the data-oriented processes within all areas of the business.
Drive strategic plans regarding budgets, investments, and purchases. Research
and analyze data related to competition, trends, operations, and formulate
targeted plans for future business decisions. Develop statistical and financial
forecasting to provide the best predictions and potential solutions.

Be part of a Company thathas been in business for 50+ years and there has never
been a layoff in the company history!
They employ 20K+ employees and 600+ in the Corporate Office.Leaders of this
company have the thought process of "servant leadership" and humility and that
is what is promoted every day. Their consistent growth, as well as, the loyalty
of their customers and passion of their employees makes for a great place to
work.

Work Schedule:Normal work hours Monday through Friday, 8 am to 5 pm with
occasional additional hours and/or Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Location: REMOTE_(ONLY_DUE_TO_COVID)_and_for_the_near_future. Position will
move to an onsite location in North Phoenix at a later date to be
determined. Out of State Candidates Only apply if you are OPEN TO
RELOCATING TO PHOENIX in the future as it will be required to eventually work
onsite & RELOCATION ASSISTANCE will be offered. Therefore,_this_will_NOT_be

near_future.

Background Profile:
MBA or Master of Finance Required
Certified Financial Accountant (CFA) - Preferred
5+ years Financial Business Analyst experience
5+ years experience with financial, product and operations analysis,
which includes statistical analysis and regression models
Advanced problem-solving, predictive modeling experience, and cluster
analysis using modeling tool sets
Expert level proficiency with MS Office, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Advanced SQL experience, including writing SQL queries, conversion,
transformations, and windowing
Proven experience with statistical and financial modeling
Ability to communicate and collaborate with all levels of an organization
including C-Suite
Strong business acumen with ability to multi-task managing multiple
things at one time while meeting timely deadlines
Outstanding customer service skills while maintaining a positive,
friendly attitude are crucial

Compensation & Benefits:
Competitive salary
Medical, Dental, Vision and Life insurance benefits for our employees
Pet Insurance
Short/Long Term disability
401(k) with a company match
Tuition Assistance Program
Excellent Training & Regular Performance Reviews
Permanent Resident Status REQUIRED - U.S. Citizenship or Green Card
C2C/Visa s or Need for Sponsorship will not be considered

To be IMMEDIATELY considered, APPLY today or send a word doc resume to
