Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

The Service and Infrastructure Platform Delivery group is seeking an Email Operations Analyst to support the Wells Fargo SMTP Backbone and Email Encryption environment. The applicant should have a strong understanding of the overall mail transport space. Experience with Proofpoint/Sendmail Sentrions and either HP Voltage Secure or ZIX secure email products is a plus. This position will report to the Operations Manager for the Backbone, Faxing & Encryption Operations team.
The primary role of this position is to support the day to day availability of the production SMTP and secure email environments, which includes products by Symantec, Proofpoint/Sendmail, HP and ZIX.
Monitoring all provided tools in order to proactively and reactively assure that the production environments are operating at an optimal level.
Acts as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts.
Verifies system design, deployment plans and configuration changes by executing test plans, and documenting results of said test plans prior to production implementation.
The position is part of a on-call rotation that provides 24x7 support, and does require after hours work on nights and weekends.
Responsible for oversight of the system as a whole and may require the engagement/management of many different partner teams to meet all service level agreements.
Analyzes performance trends and recommends process improvements.
Assesses changes for risk to production systems and assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported areas.
Updates, creates and tests the business continuation plans
May consider other Wells Fargo locactions than those listed

Required Qualifications
6+ years of systems support analysis experience
5+ years of technical troubleshooting experience
3+ years of Network experience
Desired Qualifications
Experience supporting an enterprise-level environment
Ability to interact effectively at varying levels of the business and technical organizations; including management
Strong team or technical leadership experience
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
4+ years of experience with SMTP backbone systems interfacing with enterprise level email systems
1+ year of Splunk experience
Experience with DNS Firewall concepts and practical applications
Knowledge and understanding of load balancers or applications delivery controllers
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Knowledge and understanding of technology support: high volume 24x7 mission critical systems
Knowledge and understanding of technology support: on call rotational staff, within a 24x7 large enterprise
Ability to communicate effectively with business partners and project managers
Ability to deliver multiple concurrent projects or large scale individual projects
Other Desired Qualifications
3+ years of secure email product experience (Voltage, Zix)
5+ years of Proofpoint/Sendmail experience
3+ years of Symantec email product experience (Symantec Mail Gateway)
Job Expectations
Flexibility to frequently be on call beyond normal working hours
Street Address

AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ
AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: 2222 W Rose Garden Ln - Phoenix, AZ
MN-Minneapolis: 255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN
MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO
IA-Des Moines: 800 Walnut St - Des Moines, IA

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
