Business Analyst (Retail)

Job Title

Business Analyst (Retail)

Job
ID

27358817

Location

Scottsdale,

AZ

85260

Other Location

Description

Career Evolutions is searching for a Business Systems Analyst for a fast-growing healthcare company in the Phoenix-metro area. Full-time, direct-hire opportunity with compensation up to $80,000 + Benefits.

If you’re looking to join a fast-growing healthcare company where your work will have a direct impact on the organization and its suppliers, partners, and customers then this may be the right opportunity for you.

You will focus on the continuous delivery of transformational applications to consumer-facing locations while looking to create value for stakeholders and customers. You will be responsible for the end-to-end product requirement / feature life-cycle process from idea to full implementation.

Also, you will gather, document, and prioritize the needs and requirements of the business users and sponsors to drive continuous innovation and improvement. Establish functional expertise in specified application(s) and associated business processes. Conduct analysis activities associated with process definition & design and business operations optimization. Identify issues and risks and provide alternative courses of action to achieve business and organization goals and objectives. Conduct impact analysis and recommends follow-through actions and develop product backlog and orders the items to best achieve goals and missions. Build, develop, and grow relationships with business users, outside business partners and other stakeholders.

In addition, you will describe business requirements to the design and build teams and monitor progress to ensure a complete and on-time build. You will translate business requirements / features in the form of user stories and discussion with acceptance criteria to the Development, UX/UI and QA teams. And, develop acceptance criteria for the business requirements and ensure the design and development teams understand items for release. Collaborate with UX/UI to create innovative user experience designs and review progress, monitoring quality and accepts requirements with Development / QA. Conduct User Testing to ensure solutions meet the business requirements

And, you will drive the successful introduction of releases into production and deliver references for users by writing and maintaining user documentation. You work with the Help Desk on supporting new or updated features and with the Training team on the development of materials for training and implementation. And develop plans for execution and implementation of new processes and communication.

Qualifications & Requirements
Bachelor's Degree Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field
4+ years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst
Experience with customer-facing retail and POS applications
Highly motivated, self-directed, results driven and the ability to perform job functions in an independent manner
Skilled in working with cross-functional teams to affect collaboration, resolution of issues and community building across multiple functions
Problem solving skills including demonstrated ability to analyze issues and to work effectively with cross functional groups to participate in problem solving
Experience with Business Intelligence and Analytics and ability to use SQL for analysis (Plus)
Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills are essential, including the ability to accurately analyze problems, explain solutions, and present technical solutions to end-users in a non-technical manner
Founded in 2008, Career Evolutions is a leading Executive Search Firm based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Career Evolutions provides products and services to identify top talent, develop employees, and maximize human capital to enhance the bottom line. For more info, please visit www.careerevolutions.net, check out our Current Opportunities, and contact us via phone 480.626.5253.
