Do you like building long-term relationships with clients, partners, and industry groups? Do you consider yourself just as much a consultant as a sales person? Are you interested in joining a friendly, enthusiastic team that will lift you up and work alongside you to score huge wins? Is “integrity” your middle name?

FFW needs a Business Development Executive dedicated to scoring great accounts in the West Coast region. Our ideal candidate is a self-starter, has excellent communication skills, is ridiculously organized, and loves building long-term relationships with people in primarily marketing-focused roles in the C-suite, VP-suite, or Director-level positions.

This is a great opportunity for a field sales enthusiast who loves selling professional services. You’ll interact with customers across many different verticals, and you’ll spend most of your time talking with (and pitching to) marketing, IT, and other digital execs. We need a responsive, energetic, upbeat team player with a strong track record of building great business relationships and selling professional/digital services in a fast-paced environment.

Our dream candidate fits the following criteria:
Loves to work as part of a team to help our clients navigate complex issues. We want every project to end with a platform that rocks
You’re a hunter, not a gatherer: You’re all about working in a collaborative team environment while tracking down new Enterprise clients that are the right fit for FFW
You’re prepared to travel around a large territory, sometimes at short notice
You’ve got experience with (and passion for) complex website platforms
You have at least 5+ years of proven success selling professional services with a digital agency or web development company
You’re experienced with building new business pipelines for services across a wide variety of industries
You’ve got great communication skills and strong attention to detail: Writing proposals, building presentations, and knocking pitches out of the park is what you’re all about
High standards for delivering customer service
In this role, your personal KPIs will include:
Meeting (or exceeding!) individual bookings target for your assigned territory and verticals
Managing all levels of the sales lifecycle including prospecting, identification, qualification, and close. (You’ll log all this in Salesforce too.)
Coordinating activities with and provide support to our VP of Sales
Developing strong customer relationships
Developing and execute sales strategy with key partners
Assessing the potential of a client and developing a strategy for winning their business
Learning and maintaining in-depth knowledge of FFW’s services offerings, industry trends, and competition
Developing and maintaining accurate forecasts
Does this sound like you? Send your resume over. We’d love to chat.

Note: Because of the high frequency of travel required by this role, our ideal candidate will live near a major travel hub in the West Coast region. Preference will be given to applicants in or around Phoenix, AZ, Portland, OR, Seattle, WA, Los Angeles, CA, San Francisco, CA or Salt Lake City, UT.

About the FFW Team
At FFW, we pride ourselves on the fact that so many of our clients are long-term accounts with repeat engagements. We’re not just vendors: We’re expert partners and digital advisors with a deep bench of some of the best technical talent in the world. Our people-focused culture means that we have a much lower turnover rate than other digital agencies, and when you join the FFW team, you join a group of people who will lend a hand, celebrate your wins, and leave heart-eye emoji comments on your pet pictures in Slack.
