Summary and Essential Duties


The Freight Analyst will analyze complex transportation networks and recommend optimal solutions to maximize freight income and / or reduce total cost to serve. The freight analyst will be a key contributor in assessing company and market trends auditing carrier cost and performance and building out analytical tools that drive better visibility and insight into business performance. This position will require a highly motivated, driven, analytical, and creative individual who is willing to take initiative. This role collaborates with cross-functional teams such as Sales, Purchasing / Planning, Category Management, Marketing and Account Management. The role will also support general data and reporting projects across the total Supply Chain and will work within a team of other data analysts.

Essential Duties:
Leverage data analysis across different business areas.
Identify areas for growth and efficiency in freight income or other market advantages
Ideate future projects and strategic actions to positively impact business performance.
Create dashboards, scorecards, and reports to regularly communicate results, define and monitor KPIs, and present findings to leadership.
Manage supply-chain optimization projects including inventory and network analysis, vendor conversion analysis, category management RPI/RFPs and customer onboarding.
Develop process improvements (consolidated truckloads, scorecards, group vendor audits)
Engage directly with key supplier partners, Demand Planning, Supply Planning and Category Management on identified inbound supply opportunities.
Help craft Supply Chain strategy and tactics, primarily in the Logistics & Transportation Space.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree required; BS in Logistics, Supply Chain, Operations, Data Analytics, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics or related preferred.
3+ years of experience in Supply Chain and / or Logistics preferred
Preferred Industry Certification in Supply Chain [ie: APICS Certified Supply Chain Professional (CSCP), APICS Certified in Logistics, Transportation, and Distribution (CLTD)].
Experienced with Excel (Vlookups, Pivots, Macros, What-If analysis, and any other basic functions).
Strong Analytical experience in MS Office, Business Intelligence, Tableau, etc.
Preferred proficiency in SQL or other scripting language.
Ability to work with large data sets and strong mathematical background.
Must be flexible and willing to work the demands of the department which is generally limited to week days but may be subject to evenings or weekends due to project or department needs.
Corporate Summary


Corporate Summary:

At Shamrock Foods Company, people come first – our associates, our customers, and the families we serve across the nation. A privately-held, family-owned and -operated Forbes 500 company, Shamrock is an innovator in the food industry and has been since being founded in Arizona in 1922.

Our Mission:

At Shamrock Foods Company, we live by our founding family’s motto to 'treat associates like family and customers like friends.'

Why work for us?

Benefits are a major part of your overall compensation, and we believe offering them at an affordable cost is not only the right thing to do, but it helps keep you and your family healthy. That’s why Shamrock Foods pays for the majority of your health insurance, allowing you to take home more of your paycheck. And it doesn’t stop there - our associates also enjoy additional benefits such as 401(k) Savings Plan, Profit Sharing, Paid Time Off, as well as our incredible growth opportunities, continued education, wellness programs, and much more!
