Job Description Summary
Work under direct supervision to perform Supply Chain activities for assigned product portfolio to optimize inventory, minimize cost, and achieve customer service goals. This includes forecasting, execution oversight, monitoring and reporting of results. The Supply Chain Analyst will work closely with manufacturing sites to facilitate inbound supply management.
Job Description


Essential Job Functions:

Include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Monitor production attainment on assigned production lines and pro-actively communicate capacity constraints, material shortages, and/or significant events impacting incoming supply.
Develop global supply scenarios and inventory allocation strategies as needed, including production prioritization.
Attend all relevant meetings, including weekly production/back-order reporting and monthly Supply SIOP.
Close coordination with the GDC as the centralized communication focal for assigned platforms
Responsible for back-order reporting, including root cause, mitigation, and team report out.
Provide accurate finished goods inventory availability dates to the Commercial team.
Complete inventory analyses as needed, including tracking against targets, estimated depletion, and E&O risk.
Develop and execute inventory allocation planning to support global Regulatory build strategies
Calculate, propose, and maintain finished good inventory safety stock targets.
Provide insight and analyses to Business Unit leadership as needed in addition to supporting the annual Business Planning process.
Perform basic financial analyses.
Query available databases and/or Business Intelligence reports for decision-making information.
Complete ad-hoc spreadsheet analyses during issue resolution and/or scenario planning.
Ensure personal and company compliance with all Federal, State, local and company regulations, policies and procedures for Health, Safety and Environmental compliance
Qualifications:
Solid knowledge of key Supply Chain concepts (Demand/Supply/Production Planning, Capacity Leveling, PLM, Logistics and Inventory Control)
Experience in manufacturing environment coordinating multi-discipline activities
Proven ability to effectively engage with cross-functional organizations (Marketing, Sales, Manufacturing, Engineering, Purchasing, Finance, Quality, etc.)
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills needed to resolve conflicts impacting the business strategy
Advanced Excel skills to manipulate and analyze data
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills including written, verbal, listening, and presentation required
Demonstrated customer-centric focus and global orientation
Detail-oriented individual with a strong ability to multi-task
Education and/or Experience:
BS/BA Supply Chain Management, Industrial Engineering, Logistics, Operations or related degree; or MBA/MS in relevant discipline.
3-5 years of manufacturing and/or planning experience required.
Demonstrated experience working in ERP systems (i.e. SAP, JDE, etc.) required.
Knowledge and awareness of Lean techniques and Six Sigma a plus.
APICS (CPIM, CSCP) or IBF (CPF, ACPF) a plus.
Advanced knowledge of data visualization tools (QlikView, Tableau, Power BI, etc.) a plus
Becton, Dickinson and Company is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We do not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status.

#LI-OPS

Primary Work Location
USA AZ - Tempe Headquarters
Additional Locations
Work Shift
