Working as part of a highly skilled consultancy team will deliver professional consultancy services related to the implementation of Thermo Fisher Informatics products.

This position is field based with up to 50% travel, however, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the role can be performed virtually. This will remain in place until it is safe to travel again.

Key Responsibilities:
To manage projects and lead technical delivery teams within projects
To deliver technical work relating to Thermo Fisher Informatics products
To deliver high quality consultancy relating to Thermo Fisher Informatics products
To deliver successful performance relative to defined performance metrics
To work onsite, face to face with customers at all levels
To participate in pre-sales activities
Minimum Requirements/Qualifications:
Experienced in Laboratory Informatics, for example in
LIMS (required)
ELN
SDMS
Instrument Integration
Experience with SampleManager and/or Nautilus LIMS preferred
Project management experience would be most advantageous
Working experience with programming Microsoft .NET would be most advantageous
Bachelor's degree or higher in scientific or information technology field.
Organized with ability to prioritize workload and work under pressure
Good verbal and written communication skills
Customer focused
Willing to travel up to 50% of working time over any one-year period
Non-Negotiable Hiring Criteria:
Experience in customer facing role
Demonstrated communication skills
The job will require significant travelling to customer sites and the possibility to work out of the home office
At least 2 years of programming design and implementation with .net development desired
At least 2 years of requirements gathering and design specification writing
At least 2 years' experience in the service delivery business
Knowledge of SampleManager or other LIMS systems (Stability, Instrument manager, SQC, Web interface, etc.)
Bachelor's degree or higher in scientific or information technology field. Associated degree or equivalent work experience will be considered.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com.
