Apply Now
Business Analyst Job in Scottsdale

Job Ad


At P.F. Chang’s, we believe in treating our team members and our guests like family. We love to learn and grow, to challenge and be challenged, and our goal is to do our best, no matter what we are doing. Our purpose is to Honor Life, Family,and Food.

We are seeking a Business Analyst to join our BI & Analytics team at the Global Support Center. The ideal candidate is very analytical and data driven! This role will work closely with and support various departments including Accounting, HR, FP&A and Marketing with reporting analytics and insights.

Job Description
Design and build reports and conduct analyses using Workday, Tableau, Excel
Act as our team’s Workday Report Writer leader
Fully engage in Tableau data visualization and dashboard creation
Work closely with partners in other functions, including Marketing, HR, Finance, and IT
Consult with business and technical teams to develop requirements
Collaborate on design decisions and implement enhancements
Collaborates with business partners to prioritize requests/needs
Provide necessary analytics including summaries and recommendations at the appropriate level, in order to make relevant and timely decisions.
Develop reporting solutions to standardize monthly and weekly analytics and reporting needs.
Support ad-hoc analysis as required by leadership and key stakeholders.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree required, Business, Analytics or Finance preferred
1-3 years’ analytical experience preferred
Accounting, HR knowledge preferred
Knowledge of Workday Required
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Basic understanding of Workday’s data model
Basic understanding of Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server
Self-motivation and a strong sense of ownership
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Driven to achieve successful results
Openness to learning new technology/systems
Able to quickly adjust to changing priorities
Ability to work independently, yet function as an integral part of a dynamic team
Strong organization and project management skills
Solid analytic skills with proven ability to work with data and derive conclusions and implications as well as communicate key findings.
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel and other Microsoft applications

Apply Now
