Summary and Essential Duties


The Demand Planning Analyst is responsible for forecasting activities associated with assigned customers, products and/or sales channels/categories. This is achieved by creating and maintaining forecast models for customers, incorporating business intelligence and forecast information gathered from Sales, Marketing, customers and syndicated consumer data. In addition, this position supports Branch Purchasing Managers specific to Foodservice Enterprise purchasing initiatives and the Category Management team as they advance their goals.

Essential Duties:
Continuously improve forecasting techniques, measure and evaluate impact of forecast accuracy and document standard operating procedures.
Organize detailed inventory plans that incorporate into fundamental decision making.
Analyze and manage the organization's forecast planning function.
Understand business objectives for launch and forecast management and integrate information into statistical baselines and demand planning processes.
Coordinate with cross-functional areas such as, Supply Chain, Marketing, Sales, Operations, Finance, and IT to determine forecast and optimize results.
Establish and utilize best methods (statistical models and software tools) in creating forecasts and respective inventory targets, including safety stock levels as approved by management.
Conduct current and future forecasting analysis, ensuring processes and methods are followed.
Design and generate weekly and monthly statistical forecast reports based on historical sales, market trends, seasonality and promotions to support decision-making.
Maintain items in Demand Management system to drive the latest approved forecast requirements.
Conduct training and education sessions as needed to support the demand planning process, both within the demand planning team and across the organization as directed.
Maintain awareness of industry best practices and the ability to advocate for and translate those into forecasting practices where appropriate.
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree (B. S.) from a college or university;
5 years minimum related experience and training in the discipline, which may include education.
Industry certification in Supply Chain preferred (ie: APICS Certified in Production and Inventory Management (CPIM) or APICS Certified Supply Chain Professional (CSCP) preferred.
Must have a working knowledge of Clarity, E3 Trim/AWR or comparable purchasing software as well as basic Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook skills.
Strong ability and desire to work both independently and in group / project settings.
Strong verbal/written communication and group presentation skills.
Corporate Summary


At Shamrock Foods Company, people come first – our associates, our customers, and the families we serve across the nation. A privately-held, family-owned and -operated Forbes 500 company, Shamrock is an innovator in the food industry and has been since being founded in Arizona in 1922.

Our Mission:

At Shamrock Foods Company, we live by our founding family’s motto to 'treat associates like family and customers like friends.'

Why work for us?

Benefits are a major part of your overall compensation, and we believe offering them at an affordable cost is not only the right thing to do, but it helps keep you and your family healthy. That’s why Shamrock Foods pays for the majority of your health insurance, allowing you to take home more of your paycheck. And it doesn’t stop there - our associates also enjoy additional benefits such as 401(k) Savings Plan, Profit Sharing, Paid Time Off, as well as our incredible growth opportunities, continued education, wellness programs, and much more!
