ON Semiconductor's Power Solutions Group (PSG) is looking for a highly motivated Distribution Marketing Analyst in our Phoenix, Arizona Headquarters. The person will be an integral team member of our Business Marketing team that collaborates with our Distribution Sales team, Corporate Pricing, Product Lines and Industrial and Automotive Technical Marketing teams to achieve more than 2X the market growth and take significant market share from the competition. This role is critical for the execution of the PSG strategy of growth in higher margin distribution business through focus on growth accounts and market leading distribution programs.

Power Solutions Group (PSG) Distribution Marketing Analyst Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Collaborate with Regional Distribution Sales Management, Distribution GAMs, Sales, Corporate Pricing, Product lines and Automotive and Industrial Marketing to achieve revenue objectives
Create and execute distribution marketing strategies, programs and promotions
Perform Distribution Branch visits and training
Support distribution branch QBRs
Demand creation activities including customer visits to promote the PSG portfolio w focus on solution selling
Pricing, quoting and negotiating for key business opportunities
Track and report Distribution KPIs & Metrics
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Technology or Engineering. MBA a plus.
2-5 years' experience in the semiconductor industry with a history of success with the distribution business.
Must be proficient and knowledgeable in the following areas: demand creation, solution selling, pricing, negotiating, marketing & customer presentations.
Self-motivated, detailed oriented, persistent, with the passion to follow through and get things done to achieve the teams' goals. Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude with the ability to work well with others is critical.
Knowledge of the PSG products, applications and market segments. Products include MOSFETs, IGBTs, Power Modules, Integrated Power Modules, Wide Band Gap, LDOs, Op Amps, Opto-couplers, EEPROM, Standard Logic, BJTs, diodes, rectifiers, ESD Protection. Experience with Automotive and Industrial market segments.
Must have the ability to take complex information and translate it into executive level presentations that effectively communicate key information, strategy and critical business actions.
Proficient in Excel and PowerPoint
Frequent travel (30-40%)
ON Semiconductor (Nasdaq: ON) is driving energy efficient innovations, empowering customers to reduce global energy use. The company is a leading supplier of semiconductor-based solutions, offering a comprehensive portfolio of energy efficient power and signal management, logic, standard and custom devices. The company's products help engineers solve their unique design challenges in automotive, communications, computing, consumer, industrial, medical and military/aerospace applications. ON Semiconductor operates a responsive, reliable, world-class supply chain and quality program, and a network of manufacturing facilities, sales offices and design centers in key markets throughout North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific regions.
