OPERATIONS ANALYST, MARKET OPERATIONS TEAM

About Carvana

If you like disrupting the norm and are looking for a company revolutionizing an industry then you will LOVE what Carvana has done for the car buying experience. Buying a car the old fashioned way sucks and we are working hard to make it NOT suck. At Carvana, our customers can hop online to...
Search and browse our inventory of over 20,000 vehicles that we own and certify.
Narrow down search results using highly intelligent filtering tools/components.
View vehicle details, Carfax reports, and 360 rotating studio images for every vehicle.
Secure financing in minutes using Carvana's in-house service or their own bank.
Interact with GUI components to easily customize loan length, down payment, and monthly payment.
Generate, upload, and eSign all documents online (no ink necessary).
Schedule front door delivery or pick up at one of our vending machines.
Trade-in their existing vehicle or just sell it to Carvana (no purchase necessary).
For more information on Carvana and our mission, sneak a peek at our company introduction video or learn more about what it's like to work here from the people that already do.

About the team and position

In today's world, data is king and this is the team with all the data. If you're excited about using complex data sets to drive business insights across our nationwide fulfillment centers, the Market Operations team is the team for you. Carvana's operations are complex and benefit from data, analysis, reporting, and process improvements. An ideal candidate will support one of our operations teams by understanding workflows, identifying areas of opportunity, and utilizing their technical skills to solve problems and improve processes.

What you'll be doing

Using Your Technical Chops:
SQL! SQL! SQL! We use it all the time in this role and we're looking for someone who lives and breathes it. **FYI- we'll be sending out a SQL test as the first step of the process, so be on the lookout.
Work with Python and R to help automate data processing and analysis.
Utilize business intelligence related tools and concepts such as Tableau, SQL (through MS SQL Server), relational database design, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Excel, Python, etc. to solve operational problems.
Be involved in extracting, cleansing, and visualizing data using the tools and techniques described above
Being An Awesome Stakeholder:
You will add business value by helping architect, design, and prototype solutions to streamline and optimize business processes.
You will work with end-users to validate data and ensure buy-in with new reporting or analysis.
You will work with others to understand business processes and deliver data so that non-technical resources can understand and respond as needed.
You will become familiar with current operations across various departments and work cross-functionally with stakeholders and other analysts.
Looking Towards The Future:
You'll be developing and maintaining forecasting models to support staffing and ensuring operations is making necessary adjustments.
Collaborate with our leaders to design systems to capture granular data to drive future decisions and help prioritize engineering efforts around proposed technology solutions.
Always be proactively solving problems by thinking both big and small.
What you should know
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Economics, Engineering, Finance, Math, Supply Chain, or similar field from an accredited undergraduate institution required.
At least 2+ years of experience in data, reporting, or analytics.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in SQL.
Knowledge of visualization software, such as Tableau.
Curiosity to continue learning new analytical methods and tools (ETL processes, Python, etc.).
The ability to work cross-functionally with engineering, data science, and business teams and communicate across them in a clear and concise manner understood by all.
You have the flexibility to move and shake with competing and changing priorities.
It would be great if you also had
Background in Finance, Economics, or FP&A.
What we'll offer in return
Full-Time Salary Position with a competitive salary.
Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits.
401K with company match.
A multitude of perks including student loan payments, discounts on vehicles, benefits for your pets, and much more.
A great wellness program to keep you healthy and happy both physically and mentally.
Access to opportunities to expand your skill set and share your knowledge with others across the organization.
A company culture of promotions from within, with a start-up atmosphere allowing for varied and rapid career development.
A seat in one of the fastest-growing companies in the country.
Other requirements

To be able to do your job at Carvana, there are some basic requirements we want to share with you.
Must be able to read, write, speak and understand English.
Of course, we'll make any reasonable accommodations for those with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.

Legal stuff

Hiring is contingent on passing a complete background check. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.

Carvana is an equal employment opportunity employer. All applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Carvana also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories.

Please note this job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
