Our premier client is seeking a QA Analyst to join their team for 6 months + contract role (possible convert to FTE) in Phoenix, AZ 85054. This person must understand SQL and be able to write SQL queries Understand API's and UI testing basically front to back. Any load, performance or automation testing a plus. The Information Technology department is looking for a Quality Assurance Analyst to join our project team. This project will include creating databases, ETL, APIs and UIs to create a cohesive process by which will be able to count and submit their inventory numbers throughout the months, therefore our ideal candidate will need to have experience in both black and white box testing, have experience testing UIs and back end processes. The scope of this engagement will include tasks like understanding requirements, attending backlog grooming meetings, providing estimates, testing UIs, APIs, ETLs, reports and other automations. Candidates should have 3+ years of experience with the following Black and White box testing of custom-built applications to include, but not limited to testing of UIs, APIs, SPROCs, SSIS packages, etc. Experience writing medium complexity SQL queries Writing test cases and documenting test results Excellent attention to detail Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Preference will be given to candidates with experience in Agile Methodology Retail vertical industry Load and Performance Testing For immediate consideration please submit your resume in Word format, along with daytime contact information. LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY PLEASE unless you are willing to relocate yourself at your own expense. Client is unable to provide H-1B Visa sponsorship at this time. All submittals will be treated confidentially. Selected candidate may be asked to pass a comprehensive background, credit andor drug screening. Principals only, no third parties please. Established in 2000, Atrilogy Solutions Group, Inc. provides organizations of all sizes with high-quality, cost effective information technology (IT) and business process consulting staffing services. Our industry-leading service model combines experienced project managers with seasoned technical and functional consultants to eliminate client uncertainty and deliver superior value and results. Clients turn to Atrilogy for expertise in bull IT staffing and placement (Project Managers, AgileScrum Masters, Business Analysts, DBA's, Software Engineers, Mobile Developers (iOS, Android), DevOps, Automation, QA, Systems Network Engineers, Cyber Security Information Security Specialists) bull All major ERP CRM packages (including Oracle, Workday, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, Lawson, SAP, Dynamics AX, Salesforce, Microsoft CRM, NetSuite) bull Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, and Big Data Integration bull Creative (Interactive Project ManagerArt Director, Information Architect, UIUX Designer, WebGraphic Design) Atrilogy has been recognized by Inc. magazine as one of the nation's fastest-growing, privately-held companies. Headquartered in Irvine, California, Atrilogy also has offices in Denver, Phoenix, Atlanta, and Dallas with satellite offices in Boston, Jersey City, Las Vegas, Seattle, and Delhi, India. Atrilogy Solutions Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
