Hi,

I hope you're doing well. We have an urgent requirement for a Sr. Programmer Analyst - C# consultant in Phoenix, AZ. Please go through the below job description and send your resume to rakesh@athreyainc.com or call me at 732-582-4977 to discuss further.

Role: Sr. Programmer Analyst - C#

Duration: 2 Years

Location: Phoenix, AZ

Client: State Client

Visa: Only GCs & Citizens

Job Description:

Description:
Develops and maintains applications and databases by evaluating needs; analyzing requirements; developing software systems.
â Enhances staff accomplishments and competence by planning delivery of solutions; answering technical and procedural questions for less experienced team members; teaching improved processes; mentoring team members.
Arranges project requirements in programming sequence by analyzing requirements, preparing a work flow chart and diagram using knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, programming language, and logic.
Programs the computer by encoding project requirements in computer language; entering coded information into the computer.
Confirms program operation by conducting tests, modifying program sequence and/or codes.
Maintains computer systems and programming guidelines by writing and updating policies and procedures.
Protects operations by keeping information confidential. â Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed
Required Skills:

C#, Entity Framework and MVC â Object Oriented design and coding practices â SQL queries and sorted procedures â Proficient in full Microsoft Stack suite of applications â Working independently and with teams, self-motivated and directed â Communicating clearly and effectively, both verbally and in writing, with peers and non-technical business users. Skills Required: â C# â MVC â Entity Framework â ASP.NET â MS SQL â JavaScript â Web Services â HTML 5

Skills Preferred

â .NET Core â Angular â Typescript â Telerix â TFS â CI/CD Client requires testing of C# v. 2.0 or later and test results need to be included with candidate submittals. You can sign up for testing with Kenexa online testing. No candidates will be considered without test results attached." www.proveit.com sign up and go to C# v 2.0 and take the assessment. **PLEASE NOTE KENEXA IS A SUGGESTED SITE**Â

Experience Required:
Five (5) years of programming experience or demonstrated expertise is required skills.
Three (3) years of database design/development (MS SQL)ÂÂ
Experience Preferred

ÂExperience in Government, Banking/Finance or Healthcare environments â Experience in system integrationÂ

Education:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related fields. â Equivalent combination of post-secondary education and/or job-related experience may substitute for the required education on a year for year basis

Â

Regards
Rakesh Sharma
Direct : (732) 582-4977
Email:Ârakesh@athreyainc.com

ATHREYA INC.

100 Jersey Avenue, Suite# B-201,
New Brunswick NJ - 08901.

"Certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE)"
"Certified Small Business Enterprise (SBE)"
"E-Verify Enrolled Employer"
URL:Âwww.athreyainc.com

STATEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY

The information contained in this electronic message and any attachments hereto are intended for the sole and exclusive use of the addressee(s), and contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient of this transmission you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents of this transmission is strictly prohibited. If you have received this in error, please notify the sender of this message immediately, and destroy all copies of this message and any attachments.

"There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple, and useful life."
~ Booker T. Washington

Â
