Essential Functions
Assist in launching a monthly business review cadence between functional
groups in Liquidity Management and the Head of Liquidity Management. Develop, execute, and continuously improve team
dashboards to include
Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) developed in consultation with
functional teams
Shadow expense budgets developed in partnership with Financial
Planning & Analysis (FP&A)
Overall business metrics, product results, market dynamics, peer group
analysis, etc.
Inventory and consolidate existing business & product reports that
are currently being produced within Liquidity Management, streamline execution,
solicit feedback from stakeholders with an eye towards continuous improvement
(or sunset for extraneous reports). Maintain
regular dialogue with functional areas and develop ad-hoc, value-add analysis
and reporting
Participate in drafting of Internal/external communications, planning
of liquidity management-wide events, and coordination of status updates for
senior management (e.g. quarterly strategy report, COVID-19 business updates,
etc.) building of internal training program, drafting of procedures and
policies
Participate in other cross-functional/organizational business
management led projects, including (but not limited to), project planning,
expectation setting, meeting coordination, e-mail updates to business
partners.
Manage Direct Drive (i.e. annual sales incentive) measurement and
methodology for both Liquidity Advisory and SVB Asset Management teams
Prepare PowerPoint
presentations at the direction of the business management team lead
Decisions
Works in conjunction with Managing Director, Liquidity Business
Management to assess informational needs of the broader liquidity management
team, execute monthly business review dashboards, determine strategic plans,
project plans and tactical initiatives
Recommendations
Inclusion of new data elements or different views of existing data
elements to improve narratives of business performance
Best practices to
service liquidity management team, the broader product team, and functional
partners


Knowledge
Candidate should have understanding and/or experience in one of the following three subject-matter-areas
Financial planning and analysis (Mgmt. reporting), financial reporting for a publicly traded company (GAAP reporting), and/or accounting principles (debits/credits/balance sheet)
Short term money market instruments (Treasuries, Commercial Paper, Money Funds, Fed Funds, etc…), interest rates, and yield curves.
Liquidity Products covering both on-balance sheet deposit options (MMA, CD, DDA, Eurodollar) and Off-balance sheet liquidity options (Money Fund Sweeps, Repos, Separately-managed accounts).
Skills
Strong interpersonal and communications/presentation skills
Strong Microsoft Office tools
Competencies
Familiarity with Commercial Banking
Attention to Detail / Exactness
Problem Solving/Analysis
Time Management
Personal Effectiveness/Credibility
Written Presentation Skills
Required Education and Experience
Undergraduate Degree
2 year experience working at a financial institution or
5 years of experience working at a non-financial institution
Preferred Education and Experience
Prior experience in finance, product management, or within a line of business
Experience in executing projects/strategies across multiple stakeholders
A firm grasp of specific trends impacting the banking industry with an overlay of broader macro-economic trends
Effective and concise communicator at all levels, both verbal and written
Physical Demands

The employee must have the ability to use a computer keyboard, mouse, calculator, copier/fax machine, scanner and telephone. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. Employee must have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: reviewing and analyzing information; transcribing; and/or viewing a computer screen. Employee may be required to make quick decisions as to when to escalate or directly address a situation, as well as handle the stress of such situations. The work environment is indoors with a majority of time spent sitting at a desk.
