Support Analyst

Support Analyst
Job Location
Scottsdale - Scottsdale, AZ
SiteLock Needs A Support Analyst

SiteLock is the Global Leader in business website security and is the only web security solution to offer complete, cloud-based website protection. We find and fix threats, prevent future attacks, accelerate website performance, and meet PCI compliance standards for businesses of all sizes (basically like Batman if Gotham City was the internet). Our mission is to protect every website on the internet (yes, we know that’s a colossal goal, but we are THAT good), that’s why we need talented people like yourself to join our ever-growing team!

Company Standards:

In the performance of their respective tasks and duties all employees are expected to:
Perform quality work within deadlines with or without direct supervision.
Interact professionally with other employees, customers, and vendors.
Work effectively as a team contributor on all assignments.
Work independently while understanding the necessity for communicating and coordinating work efforts with other employees and organizations.
Support Our Beliefs:

Individuals create the strength of a company. Our company was founded on the following set of values that guide and inspire us every day:

Amazing Service

We promote a customer-centered culture that emphasizes outstanding service and meeting our commitments at every level in all of our company. Providing "AMAZING SERVICE" is not a department but the entire company, and creating it is something we can do with small steps, every day, month, quarter, and year.

People

People are our most valuable asset and the key to our success. We reward people that lead by hard work, commitment and integrity, and strive to surround ourselves with employees who demonstrate initiative, ambition, and drive to be the best.

We demand integrity. It translates into a simple mandate to conduct all activities with honesty and transparency and mutual respect for each other including our customers, vendors, and partners.

Outstanding - Culture

Nobody works well in a toxic environment, and the rest of our values and culture are only truly possible if we create an environment that is fun, supportive, motivating, and embraces individual development. We make sure to enjoy ourselves and maintain a spirit of levity.

Win - by being quick and decisive

The will to win is part of our competitive nature and we are committed to maintaining the entrepreneurial spirit that reflects a competitive work ethic. This requires agility in decision making, metrics for everything of significance, and maintaining our spirit and work ethic to never stop moving forward.

Embrace - continuous improvements

Our single-minded goal is to continuously improve, stay ahead of the competition, and focus entirely on being the best in our core competencies. We believe that a great strategy is not being everything to everybody but rather being the best at what we do well.

Reward - high performance

It comes in many shapes and sizes, small and large: monetary; through promotions; acknowledgment or simple "thank you." We are being rewarded by happy and satisfied customers renewing and bringing referrals, and most importantly, using our products to attain their own goals, which helps us and them to create job opportunities now and in the future.

That’s Lovely, But What’s The Job?

The Support Analyst will provide trusted security advisory services to SiteLock customers. Responsibilities for this position will include:
Manage ticket queue in CRM (Customer Relationship Management) System.
Assist internal (sales) and external customers regarding SiteLock products through telephone, chat, and ticket tracking system (CRM).
Assist customers in deploying SiteLock's CDN & WAF, SMART, and Scanner products by configuring the customer's DNS and other technical website settings.
Troubleshoot issues with SiteLock products.
Analyzing WAF incidents and CDN data to best advise the customer on website security and performance.
What Are We Looking For?
Strong understanding of DNS, FTP, SFTP, Cpanel, SSL, and WordPress.
One (1) to two (2) years experience and/or training pertaining to Web Hosting environment; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Ability to work without supervision and to make appropriate decisions.
Ability to process work with accuracy and attention to detail.
Ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.
Ability to maintain confidential information.
Ability to work well in a team environment.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications.
Clear written and verbal communications.
Note: This document describes typical duties and responsibilities and is not intended to limit management from assigning other work as desired.

Anything else? Absolutely.

As the cybersecurity industry continues to experience exponential growth, our talented team is committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity through new technology partnerships and innovative solutions that will help anyone with a digital presence to thrive online. Not to mention, we’ve received many local awards recognizing our people and “best of cool” culture. In addition to our relaxed, friendly, and positive environment, SiteLock offers a competitive benefits package and plenty of perks to keep our employees happy and motivated.

So, What About the Perks? Perks Matter.
Free insurance. SiteLock pays 100% of medical and dental insurance (for employee-only coverage) to keep the cost as low as possible for our employees.
Retirement and disability coverage. We provide a healthy 401(k) company match and 100% company-paid life insurance, short and long-term disability.
16 PTO days and 8 paid Holidays. Because who doesn’t love time off?
Stand desks and ergonomic chairs. We provide standing desks and ergonomic ball chairs to all employees!
Casual Dress. Come dressed in jeans (you’ll fit right in with the rest of us).
Game Room. Gimme a break – no, not a Kit Kat ad but we do have a ping-pong table, shuffleboard, and PlayStation if you ever need a break in your day.
Wellness Program. We want our employees to be the best versions of themselves. That’s why we offer a Wellness Program that includes an in-house Fitness coach, back massages, allergy testing, and biometric screenings.
Growth opportunities. When we grow… our people grow! Our plan is to double in size by 2021. In order to do that, we work hard to help develop our team members and foster their knowledge in cybersecurity and business so they can continue to grow their careers within the company.
Sitelock is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment including the decision to hire, promote, discipline, or discharge, will be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law.
