Professional

Position Purpose: Perform various analysis and interpretation to link business needs and objectives for assigned function
Support business initiatives through data analysis, identification of implementation barriers and user acceptance testing of new systems
Identify and analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve existing processes
Perform detailed analysis on assigned projects, recommend potential business solutions and assist with implementation
Education/Experience:
Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of business process analysis or data analysis experience. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access preferred. Project management experience preferred.

Benefits and Payment Configuration
Compliance Coding/Prepay Compliance (Payment Integrity)
Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of business process analysis (i.e. documenting business process, gathering requirements) or claims payment/analysis experience. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access preferred.

Provider Data
Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of business process analysis (documenting business process, gathering requirements) experience in healthcare industry and/or working in a data driven environment. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel, Project, and Visio preferred. Knowledge of data migration, software enhancement/planning, and Agile preferred.

Member & Provider Solutions
Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of business process analysis (i.e. documenting business process, gathering requirements) experience in healthcare industry and/or customer service or enrollment functions. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Visio preferred. Knowledge of data integration, software enhancements/planning and Agile preferred. Experience managing projects with a high reliance on technology preferred.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.
