Your Opportunity


The Team Lead for Information Technology Operations (ITO) oversees the day to day tactical Data Center IT Operations and serves as a central point and routinely collaborates with internal staff, management, technology and business partners. The role directs staff across network, server and mainframe technical disciplines to perform tasks to ensure production system environment operate reliably and efficiently. This is a 24/7/365 mission critical operations and this role will operate the hours of 1:30pm-12:00am ET (M-Thursday).

What you are good at


People Leadership:

§ Manage day to day Data Center IT operations for server, mainframe and network infrastructure.

§ Direct staff of junior to senior level subject matter experts of server, network and mainframe operators.

§ Ensure operational and escalation instructions from Sr. Managers are executed.

§ Provide minute-to-minute operational oversight of all resources.

§ Efficient allocation of resources for immediate response to crisis event.

§ Make tactical decisions based on strategic goals and objectives

§ Coordinate training and onboarding of new staff, continuous training for junior and peer team members.

Operational Leadership:


§ Monitor MoogSoft Alerts/Situations per alert handling procedures ensuring Service Level event acknowledgement is met.

§ Actively lead team to define thresholds, alerts and notification as needed.

§ Manage escalation workflow on Incident & Problem tickets per incident handling procedures while ensuring Service Levels are met.

§ Review and approve Emergency, Latent, and Standard changes ensuring impact is properly assessed.

§ Continually maintain technology change awareness that may occur during market hours.Closely monitor availability dashboards and Techline events

§ Identify and create operational procedures to improve IT operational readiness.

§ Develop and document process workflows to align support with business operations and Incident, Problem and Change Management process.

Service Delivery:


§ Interface on behalf of ITO operations with technology support partners

§ Ensure staff is available to provide technology support.

§ Advocate for business client facing teams on issues requiring support team awareness.

§ Collaborate with technology partners professionally while ensuring services offered

§ Identify continuous service delivery opportunities to improve IT service readiness.

§ Identify and contribute improvement opportunities that align with services enabling business success.

What you have


§ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or related discipline with an information technology focus or equivalent experience.

§ 3-5 years team lead or supervisory experience in leading IT professionals in large scale infrastructure/application environment.

§ Familiarity with Remedy/SmartIT service management tools.

§ Strong problem solving and decision making skills focusing on efficient service restoration.

§ Proficiency with server administration, virtual server environments and cloud computing

§ Web server IIS administration and basic LAN/WAN experience is a plus

§ Ability to pay close attention to details while performing technically detailed tasks.

§ IT management experience with process development and improvement.

§ Experience in implementing key IT standardized process and methodologies (ITIL, Event Management, Incident, Problem and Knowledge Management)

§ A change agent and forward thinking, ability to influence team with continuous operational and technology changes.
