6 month contract with possibility of extension As a Scrum Quality Assurance Analyst, the candidate will be part of a scrum team of 4-7 members in their team 1 TL, 1 QA, 2 Devs, 1 PMBASM. The core responsibility of Quality Assurance Analyst includes drafting, planning and manually execution of various levels of testing - including system, integration and functional tests. They will automate the functional tests in CucumberGherkin with implementation in Java for happy path test scenarios. Sprints Every team has the ability to choose between 2-4 weeks sprint. Teams review their sprints with businessProduct OwnersStakeholders on a regular interval. All technical and business teams are easily available and are located in the same building. Every team has their own environment which regularly gets refreshed from production allowing teams to test with most up to date data. Once teams and Product Owners are ready to release, they commit their changes to the release env which gets pushed to production on a monthly basis. Under the DevOps initiative, our goals are to deliver code into production through the PIPELINE on a frequent basis. Our codeincluding automation code is code reviewed thoroughly and regularly. Application development teams are in-houseon premise and all sit in their own cubes with the team. We empower our teams to be independent and to implement DevOps culture with various automated tools implementation to eliminate the need of manual execution and verification. Other job responsibilities include estimating task durations, facilitating collaborative planning session with teams (business analyst, developers and manual testers) following an Agile Scrum methodology, execution of automation test through our continuous integration tools and execution. Attention to details in one of the key skills for the candidate to have to be successful in this position. - Working knowledge required of Behavior Driven Development (BDD) Test Driven Development (TDD), knowledge in Cucumber is a plus - Working knowledge of writing Selenium web driver tests - Working knowledge of JavaGroovy and JavaScript programming language - Create and Execute Automated Testing scripts to ensure Regression testing can be completed thoroughly efficiently - General working knowledge of Defect tracking tools, Automation Tools, Test case management tools, Testing methodologies, Testing definitions Processes - Familiar with all facets of the software development lifecycle preferably with Agile KanbanScrum - General working knowledge of functionality of web applications - Plans Executes Test cases and performs ad-hoc testing where necessary and issues a detailed defect report Environment Oracle DB, Atlassian JIRA, Confluence, Celoxis (project mgmt), Cucumber (Behaviour Driven Development BDD) Gherkin syntax for test cases with implementation of Step Definitions and code in JAVA Bamboo Jenkins (CICD build and deployments of WAR files) Docker containers JavaJ2EE framework Spring, Springboot apps, microservices structured applications GitBitbucket as source code and code review application.
