Job Description
Description:

Who we're looking for:
client's Dealer Funding Team is looking for a passionate and highly motivated Contract Specialist.
The primary responsibility of this role is to perform the tasks related to booking CLIENT receivables and funding dealers.
Reporting to the Dealer Funding Supervisor, the person in this role will support CLIENT' Dealer Funding objectives.
What you'll be doing
Review Consumer Contracts and Book Receivables within established funding service levels.
Review contracts and credit applications for completeness, proper date/signature, accuracy, and compliance with all State, Federal, and internal operational requirements.
Ensure that all documents within the contract package are included, accurately disclosed, and adhere to CLIENT' current internal policies and procedures.
Verify contract rate, service charges, and calculations are accurate and in accordance with rate letters and special programs.
Enter data required to book contracts and fund dealers.
Cultivate and preserve strong relationships with dealer personnel.
Evaluate and research deals as necessary in order to maintain the quality of applications within established guidelines.
Address contract/funding issues with Held Offering Letters or various review requests as appropriate for timely resolution and dealer funding.
Perform various funding tasks, such as remittance processing, contract corrections, rebate processing, booking errors, and suspense report clearing as assigned.
CLIENT is looking for individuals with strong business sense and practical expertise. Successful candidates should have:
Automotive funding experience highly preferred
Must be fully capable and have the necessary internet connections to work from home *Subject to change based on business need
Must be able to multitask and troubleshoot hardware, software and network issues
Available to work evenings, weekends and/or holidays as needed for business needs
Minimum one-year experience in retail and lease discounting procedures, systems and processes.
Experience with data entry
Good oral and written communications skills.
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills are required
Attendance and Punctuality are essential for this position
High school diploma or equivalent experience.
Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, etc)Requirements:
CLIENT is looking for individuals with strong business sense and practical expertise. Successful candidates should have:
Automotive funding experience highly preferred.
Must have functional high speed internet connection that will facilitate working from home
Available to work evenings, weekends and/or holidays as needed for business needs
Minimum one-year experience in retail and lease discounting procedures, systems and processes.
Experience with data entry
Good oral and written communications skills.
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills are required
Attendance and Punctuality are essential for this position
High school diploma or equivalent experience.
Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, etc)

Company Description
Intelliswift Software, Inc. is a premier business and technology solutions company headquartered in the Silicon Valley, with offices across the United States, India and Singapore.
The company has a proven track record of delivering results through its global delivery centers and flexible engagement models for over 450 brands ranging from Fortune 100 to growing companies.
Intelliswift provides a variety of services including Enterprise Applications, Mobility, Big Data/BI, Staffing Services, and Cloud Solutions.
Growing at an outstanding rate, Intelliswift has been recognized as the second largest private IT Company in the East Bay.
