Contracts Administrator Analyst Location Phoenix, AZ Duration3+ Months Number of position 20 Job Description Who wersquore looking for Clientrsquos Dealer Funding Team is looking for a passionate and highly motivated Contract Specialist. The primary responsibility of this role is to perform the tasks related to booking Client receivables and funding dealers. Reporting to the Dealer Funding Supervisor, the person in this role will support Clientrsquos Dealer Funding objectives. What yoursquoll be doing Review Consumer Contracts and Book Receivables within established funding service levels. Review contracts and credit applications for completeness, proper datesignature, accuracy, and compliance with all State, Federal, and internal operational requirements. Ensure that all documents within the contract package are included, accurately disclosed, and adhere to Clientrsquos current internal policies and procedures. Verify contract rate, service charges, and calculations are accurate and in accordance with rate letters and special programs. Enter data required to book contracts and fund dealers. Cultivate and preserve strong relationships with dealer personnel. Evaluate and research deals as necessary in order to maintain the quality of applications within established guidelines. Address contractfunding issues with Held Offering Letters or various review requests as appropriate for timely resolution and dealer funding. Perform various funding tasks, such as remittance processing, contract corrections, rebate processing, booking errors, and suspense report clearing as assigned. Client is looking for individuals with strong business sense and practical expertise. Successful candidates should have Automotive funding experience highly preferred Must be fully capable and have the necessary internet connections to work from home Subject to change based on business need Must be able to multitask and troubleshoot hardware, software and network issues Available to work evenings, weekends andor holidays as needed for business needs Minimum one-year experience in retail and lease discounting procedures, systems and processes. Experience with data entry Good oral and written communications skills. Strong attention to detail and organizational skills are required Attendance and Punctuality are essential for this position High school diploma or equivalent experience. Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, etc) Requirements Client is looking for individuals with strong business sense and practical expertise. Successful candidates should have Automotive funding experience highly preferred. Must have functional high speed internet connection that will facilitate working from home Available to work evenings, weekends andor holidays as needed for business needs Minimum one-year experience in retail and lease discounting procedures, systems and processes. Experience with data entry Good oral and written communications skills. Strong attention to detail and organizational skills are required Attendance and Punctuality are essential for this position High school diploma or equivalent experience. Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, etc) Thanks Regards, Steve Korukonda ComTec Information Systems 5525 North MacArthur Blvd., Suite 650 Irving, TX 75038 Phone 972-299-8459
