Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR), a $4 billion global Fintech leader and a part of the S&P 500® Index, is a leading provider of investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, asset and wealth managers and corporate issuers. Broadridge provides an important infrastructure that powers the financial services industry and employs over 11,000 associates in 18 countries. For more information about Broadridge, please visit Broadridge.com/.Broadridge is hiring! We are hiring for an Operations Associate on our tax team in our Phoenix, AZ office. In this role you will perform daily reconciliation of tax withholding between various systems and multiple accounts Complete tax withholding payments to states and IRS Process tax correction and creation requests in various internal and third-party systems Process stop payment and reissues on distribution checks Perform monthly, quarterly and annual tax withholding filing with states/ IRS Accurately and timely process all daily inquiries, research and outages. Handle escalated items and projects given by management. Quality Control, consistently double checking any tasks that are processed by the team. Balance tax withholding annually between various systems to ensure accurate and timely annual filing Train new employees and coordinate cross training for team members.This is a temporary, contract ongoing role.Preferred Qualifications: + Requires a High School education or equivalent with advanced business/technical school or college training preferred, and/or a minimum of two to three (2-3) years applicable experience.+ Minimum of one year of Trust operations experience is preferred.+ Extensive use of PC and software applications is required.Skills/Competencies: + Knowledge of basic business processes and computer applications (Trust systems, Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook).+ Strong written and verbal communication and customer service skills.+ Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.+ Extremely adaptive to changes+ Must have the ability to prioritize work to meet daily workloads and deadlines.+ Basic knowledge of trust business and its particular accounting and tax reporting requirements.+ Fundamental understanding of retirement plans, benefit payments and distribution processing.#LI-AH1Broadridge is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other protected status. "Our Associates Matter. Everyone Benefits from Diversity & Inclusion. Diverse & Inclusive Teams Drive Growth." US applicants: Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster.
