At Sequoia, we are fueled by a passion to serve our clients and their needs. We are a tech-enabled consulting and services company helping employers unlock the full potential of their workforce.

Sequoia’s clients are innovative, people-first businesses who are shaping the future: the market disruptors, the paradigm shifters, and the leaders that are pushing their industries forward. As a team, we strive every day to make an impact on lives in the workplace. We stay dedicated in our commitment to come through for people who put their trust in us, no matter what.

A New Opportunity at Sequoia
Sequoia is one of the largest independent benefits, insurance, and HR consulting firms in the nation. Our heritage is grounded in serving the world’s most innovative high-tech businesses – companies with unique needs, hyper-growth potential, and continuously evolving business priorities. We have a passion for delivering extraordinary client service and innovating ahead of the market to serve our clients with progressive solutions. Our company mission boils down to this: we come through for people who come to us with trust, no matter what. At Sequoia, we take pride in making the complex simple, doing things right, and building an incredible community among our clients.

About The Role
The EDI Analyst will primarily be responsible for maintaining the validity of data between external systems and Sequoia applications. This position includes daily monitoring of EDI file processing and troubleshooting of issues impacting successful receipt or delivery of client files.
What You'll Do
Manage and oversee the production environment and proactively prioritize, communicate, and resolve any healthcare enrollment EDI process or system issues
Establish EDI policies and procedures, as well as proactively make enhancements for improved efficiency
Perform routine and ad hoc analysis of various facets of EDI processing, including but not limited to: system performance, data mapping, data audit and file transaction volume
Prepare and maintain documentation that defines operational procedures, describes client requirements, and shares relevant analysis outcomes with internal and external stakeholders
Support clients and trading partners with their non-standard requests for ad hoc reports, testing analysis, and other technical deliverables
Maintain exceptional verbal, written, and other communications with clients and co-workers to ensure clients have great experiences
Some travel required
What You'll Need
5-6+ years of working experience required; 3+ years of experience in a technical production or applications support role in an employee benefits organization preferred
Ability to deal with complex situations and collaborate effectively with internal and external personnel in order to provide fast and effective problem resolutions
Experience with employee benefits and HRIS systems and data exchange a plus
Familiarity with various data transmission methodologies (including pgp, ftp, sftp, https)
Experience with data auditing using MS-Excel
Strong communication, problem-solving, collaboration and analytical skills
Bachelor’s degree in a related discipline
Sequoia’s Culture – Our most important asset
Integrity
Passion for service
Innovative
Growth oriented
Caring for others
Promise-centric
Focused on relationship building
COMPENSATION & BENEFITS
Sequoia provides competitive compensation including base salary, performance based bonus programs, and comprehensive benefits package including 401(k) matching and profit sharing programs.
