It’s like the ’92 Dream Team…but with an office full of Michael Jordans.

What is a Logistics Transportation Analyst? Allow us to break it down for you.

This opportunity will focus on establishing and building relationships with regional trucking companies, negotiating freight spend, and covering shipments in a high-paced work environment in order to get our customers’ product from source to shelf.Transportation Analysts also focus on securing new business relationships with third party freight carriers and helping our business model expand all the transportation services we offer.

Starting a career is stressful enough. Simply ask yourself these things; Are you searching for a career working in a fun and dynamic environment? Is growth and development what you are looking for?

As the largest consolidated trucking company in the world and the largest transportation company in the western hemisphere, we offer this and more in our Logistics Division as a Logistics Transportation Analyst.

Every company talks about culture —the amazing office they work out of, the fun events, and the awesome perks. Yes, we have all that, but culture is more than that. We firmly believe it’s about rallying people who enjoy each other’s company and respect each other’s skill sets. It’s about working alongside people you rely on to talk business strategy one moment, then grab chicken fingers with you the next. It’s about enjoying where you work, who you work with, and what you do.

We’ll be real with you: Working here is very challenging, but here’s why you’ll love it:
RELATIONSHIP BUILDING: We offer a highly interactive role working directly with carriers, customers, and our internal team. Ideal candidates possess professionalism and strong communications skills and will provide great customer service and support. This is your opportunity to provide tangible business development to some of the biggest suppliers, retailers, and brands in the world.
ACHIEVING GOALS & PROBLEM SOLVING: Transportation Analysts will negotiate freight spend and cover shipments in a high-paced work environment. Ideal candidates seek to create value through effort and hustle, adapt well in a fluctuating market environment, and utilize data and reporting to analyze stats for increased efficiencies.
WORKING WITH A TEAM: Employees in this positions are expected to act with professionalism and respect in all interactions with customers, carriers and the internal team. Ideal candidates have proactive communication skills and strong work ethic to build success as an individual and as a member of the Knight & Swift Logistics team. Striving to achieve overall strategic goals and operational excellence continuously, we offer individuals the ability to grow and support each team member’s success with ongoing training and coaching.
COMPETITIVE WAGES AND BENEFITS: We offer a competitive salary with a team bonus incentive structure (we strongly believe in the mentality of winning as a team, losing as a team) and medical/dental/401K benefit options. Some offices have an onsite gym and café to keep our employees fit and fed.
Okay, now I’m intrigued. Who are you looking for?

You…
Bachelor’s degrees preferred, or relevant equivalent experience.
Impeccable follow-through, commitment to quality customer service, and ability to multi-task.
Aptitude for working in a fast-paced, high intensity office environment.
Strong oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
Strong leadership skills and commitment to learning.
Proven analytical skills and attention to detail.
Ability to laugh at yourself, take pride in your job, and be ready to bring your “A” game every single day.
We…
Work hard because we love what we’re doing, but also believe in balance.
Value self-awareness, intellectual honesty, judgment, empathy and positive energy often over career experience.
Will back up our talk with competitive compensation, challenging projects, awesome coworkers and the rare tribal atmosphere that also values individuality.
Are excited to hear from YOU!
From your morning coffee to your electronics and everything in between, logistics is more than just moving something from point A to point B. It’s about creatively working to find solutions in an industry that changes every single day. If you’re engaged, energetic, driven and ready to work for an industry innovator that rewards hustle, a job with Knight & Swift Logistics can be the launching pad for an extremely rewarding career.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $40,000.00 - $45,000.00 per year

Pay may depend on skills and/or qualifications

Experience:
Negotiation: 2 years (Preferred)
Customer Service: 2 years (Preferred)
Location:
Phoenix, AZ 85035 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
