Description
Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Data Quality (DQ) Problem Management Analyst, Assistant Vice President

Job Summary
You are responsible for driving the resolution of DQ Problems by working closely with users within the lines of business to resolve root cause and recommend solutions.

Major Responsibilities
Perform data analysis as part of root cause analysis in standard tools (e.g. database, excel) on data to review alignment with business and technical requirements
Determine potential solutions and propose to partners
Discover methods to overcome roadblocks in progressing DQ Problems through the Problem life-cycle
Provide SME mentorship to partners to ensure consistency with the standard process
Serve as a representative of the Chief Data Office within line of business DQ Problem governance
Document details in the enterprise standard tooling
Produce regular updates on the progress to management
Deliver lessons learned to the team to help drive improvement of the DQ Problem Management process
Qualifications


Bachelors degree and minimum of 5-7 years of recent proven knowledge performing data analysis
Good communication and analytical skills with the ability to lead various partners through a process
Deep understanding of databases and their design, data modeling, data flows and data lineage, metadata. Knowledge and previous experience with SQL for querying databases (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server) a plus.
Skilled in Microsoft Office (e.g. Access, Excel)
Experience preferred within Banking or Financial Services
CAPM or PMP+ (preferred)
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
