Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 14,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Job Summary

We are looking for a qualified candidate for the position of Senior Systems Analyst in our Corporate Functions Technologies group to work closely with the Corporate Controllers, Tax and Transfer pricing organizations for enhancing the Procure to Pay, Record to Report and General Ledger functions of our ERP systems. The corporate Functions Technologies group is responsible for continuously improving internal customers processes through technology-aided solutions, delivering enhancements for enterprise applications, and providing functional expertise for Oracle ERP applications during project initiatives.

You should have a solid grasp of the General Ledger, Procurement, Payables, Fixed Assets and Project costing processes of Oracle Financials ERP systems such as PeopleSoft, Oracle eBusiness and/or Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP. You should also have hands-on experience in all phases of the technology implementation lifecycle (requirements gathering, design, build, go-live, testing)

You should be able to successfully engage with business partners in both a project and critical systems support environment. You should have the demonstrable ability to work effectively in a disciplined environment while showing initiative in dedicatedly improving organizational processes. You will demonstrate strong verbal and analytical skills to support this function from a technology perspective.

Major Responsibilities:
Implement and enhance multiple Oracle ERP core finance application modules: Procurement, Payables, Fixed Assets, Project Costing, General Ledger and Accounting Hub preferably on a CLOUD domain.
Perform system requirements analysis, functional system design, integrations testing, and solutions maintenance of the financial applications
Work with Subject Matter Experts, Process Owners and End Users to gather and analyze business requirements.
Perform Fit-Gap analysis and contribute or perform solution design
Support configurations, customization, reports and interfaces, Systems and Integration testing and user acceptance testing
Develop test scenarios and test scripts in the impacted solutions to facilitate appropriate functional and integrations testing.
Consult and partner with Business users to understand business needs and design and implement solutions
Closely collaborate with onshore and offshore technical teams to ensure that quality deliverables are delivered in a timely manner
Interact with application vendors such as Oracle on Service Requests
Conduct/contribute to Conference Room Pilots (CRP) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) efforts during a project
Create and maintain system/application documentation (requirements, processes, procedures, test cases)
Provides status updates to the management of planned deliverables.
Assist management of major risks and issues through effective and proper partner concern.
Qualifications
BS or equivalent degree in Accounting, Finance, MIS, Information Technology, Computer Science or related field
Solid understanding of Accounting and Legal Entity consolidation/elimination concepts
Solid understanding of the Procure to Pay and Record to Report functions and processes
Demonstrated competency of 5 to 7+ years implementing and enhancing a combination of the following ERP components/modules: Procurement, Payables, Fixed Assets, General Ledger, Accounting Hub within any of the Oracle Financials ERP applications (Oracle EBS, Peoplesoft, Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP).
Experience in Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP preferred.
Demonstrated competency in integrating Oracle Financials ERP applications with other corporate/external applications
Excellent written and oral communication skills to effectively define business and technical parameters as well as work with end users.
Demonstrated ability to analyze complex cross functional problems, quickly grasp concepts related to industry specific design/development and articulate them concisely to foster project team collaboration.
Excellent meeting facilitation and presentation skills, with best in class customer service orientation and multi-tasking ability.
Exceptional organizational and project management skills with proven attention to detail.
Self-directed and proactive approach to tackling problems and providing solutions.
Preferred experience with a full life cycle of re-implementing an ERP Financial application module suite : Procurement, Payables, Fixed Assets, General Ledger, Accounting Hub within any of the Oracle Financials ERP applications (Oracle EBS, Peoplesoft, Oracle Fusion) onto Oracle CLOUD
Agile experience is preferred
Must be a team-player, with positive work ethic.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, its the banks policy to only inquire into a candidates criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
