Job Description

Overview

HonorHealth is a non-profit, local community healthcare system serving an area of 1.6 million people in the greater Phoenix area. The network encompasses five acute-care hospitals, an extensive medical group, outpatient surgery centers, a cancer care network, clinical research, medical education, a foundation and community services with approximately 12,300 employees, 3,700 affiliated physicians and 3,100 volunteers.

HonorHealth was formed by a merger between Scottsdale Healthcare and John C. Lincoln Health Network. HonorHealth’s mission is to improve the health and well-being of those we serve.

Responsibilities

Job Summary
Performs a variety of functions involving the analysis, interpretation and presentation of specific health plan denials, physician denial rates, reimbursement systems, and health system revenue generation and profitability. Presents information to Executives/Hospital leaders and is responsibile for developing strategies to prevent and reduce denials. Designs sophisticated processes using advanced software systems and performs complex evaluation and analysis procedures and statistical techniques. Develops complicated relational databases for multifaceted system applications and departments. Manages data from multiple data systems while maintaining data integrity. Serves as a resource to department and leadership team.
Utilize database application and reporting tools to develop, design, and automate complex reporting and decision support systems in relational databases for multifaceted system applications. Formulates and implements a data collection methodology utilizing multiple data systems to achieve best practices and efficient operations within Patient Financial Services and Revenue Cycle. Develops new ways of synthesizing data from multiple sources into clear and meaningful analysis.
Performs data mining and abstracting of financial information from various decision support tools for service line denial reporting and analyses, revenue and reimbursement analyses, financial performance initiatives, and health plan reimbursement analysis as requested.
Acts as an internal resource to department and management team and performs ad-hoc analyses along with recommendations for improvements based on interpretation of data from EPIC, ECON, HPM, and other system databases. Leads efforts in system testing and implementation of new systems
Either directly or in collaboration with the I.T. department, automates processes related to departmental information systems, including creating, automating, and maintaining data extraction to outside vendors, and automation of system processes.
Qualifications

Education
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Information Systems, or other related discipline field or related healthcare field -or- or 4 years of similar experience Required

Experience
5 years working with complex data environments or systems. Required
