Do you LOVE Sales & Technology? You may LOVE our Small Business Consultant position, which would be an outbound sales advisor role. You would be the first impression to our potential customers, introducing them to our family of brands (Bluehost, iPage, and Hostgator), and consulting with them on how we can help them to strengthen their online presence and set them up for success.

What you’ll do:
You will use your customer discovery skills and product knowledge to set customers up for success
We will provide you with hundreds of qualified leads every month, coming from inbound lead passes, marketing form submittals, and outbound campaigns
You will manage an ongoing pipeline, close new business, and consistently meet/exceed sales quotas
You will effectively educate customers on the benefits of premium design and online marketing
You will partner with colleagues to find creative new ways to drive performance and make positive impacts for our customers
Who you are:
You have 2-5 years of sales experience where you consistently meeting/exceeding performance metrics
You are competitive and thrive within a fast-paced sales environment, motivating yourself, and peers to strive for the Win
You have knowledge of internal CRM’s and SalesForce
You are a self-starter, have a strong business acumen allowing you to think quickly and creatively on your feet to solve customer needs
You like to work hard, have fun, laugh, and be a part of a winning team
Why you’ll love us:
We break for fitness. The onsite gym makes it easy to sneak in a quick workout.
Celebrate with us. Ain’t no party like a Tempe party. Our winter employee blowout is an event to remember and during our quarterly Hi-5 events, expect a lot of cheering, awards for incredible work, and always plenty of food and adult beverages.
Brain breaks. Ping pong, pool, video games, pinball, arcade games, and board games, help you connect with your colleagues in fun ways. If you really need to kick back and relax, take a swing in our hammocks.
Volunteering is at our core. We’re a feel good group of people and we love to spend time in our communities - like helping beautify the city, and teaching at-risk kids about STEM. We can always use another helping hand!
Expand your career. In our Tempe office you’ll have access to a lot of teams supporting our web presence, SiteBuilder, and email marketing teams. So don’t fear getting bored - we’ll help you expand your horizons by exposing you to career opportunities you didn’t know existed.
We’ve got you covered. From 401k, generous PTO, tuition reimbursement, casual dress code and excellent medical, dental, and vision - we’re there for you!
#INDSAL

REQ ID PL_2020_52
