About You

You are mentally agile, self-motivated, and an independent person who needs minimal supervision to get the job done. You have a keen eye for identifying potential issues, and you like to work as part of a team to create solutions. You are not afraid to do the research when you do not know the answer. Training comes naturally to you, and you enjoy sharing your knowledge and know-how with others.

Position Snapshot

The Human Resource Information Systems (HRIS) Analyst at US Ecology is involved in supporting and maintaining the HRIS. You will be a technical point-of-contact for system end users and assist with ensuring data integrity, system changes, report writing and analyzing data flows for process improvement opportunities. You will support the deployment of system implementation, upgrades, patches, testing and other technical projects.

Day in the Life

After grabbing your favorite morning beverage, you can expect to:
Research and resolve HRIS problems, unexpected results or process flaws
Support the deployment of system implementation (Workday)
Collaborate with functional and technical staff to coordinate application upgrades and fixes
Maintain HRIS system tables
Document processes and results
Recommend process improvements, innovative solutions and policy changes
Write, maintain and support a variety of reports or queries utilizing reporting tools
Develop user procedures, guidelines and documentation
Recommend, develop, schedule and facilitate training and development courses
Collaborate with appropriate resources on the resolution of specific policy and procedural problems and inquiries
Support programs and maintain data for compliance
What you need to apply
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration or a related field and minimum of 3 years’ experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience required
Experience working with Workday - Payroll, Time Tracking and Absence
Ability to work remotely from your home office
Working knowledge and understanding of HRIS practices
Knowledgeable in HR processes and data
Knowledge of database design, structure, functions, processes, and database tools
Knowledge using project management software tools
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite
Ability to pass pre-employment background checks, drug screening
About Us

US Ecology helps our customers keep the environment clean by doing the hard but rewarding work of safely disposing of hazardous and regulated waste. In short, we work to provide a sustainable future for our children and their grandchildren.

For your hard work
Tuition reimbursement after six months
Opportunity for professional growth
Employer paid certifications and training
100% employer paid medical option for you
Paid Time Off
Cash Recognition Programs
Find out more at www.usecology.com
EEO

US Ecology is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status, among other factors.

US Ecology is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
