Technical Business Intelligence Consultant


Are you an enthusiastic Reporting Professional who has a systematic and creative approach to unlock the value of data? Can you help to lift DLL to the next level of Reporting, by improving the Global Reporting Platform? Do you have the oversight to support stakeholders along the data chain from data collection to data storage, to ultimately data usage? Are you able to translate newest Reporting technologies into concrete business value proposals?

Fulfil the role as Technical BI Consultant in the Global Data Management & Reporting organization. Co-transform the Global Reporting Organization, in which data is translated valuable information and advice. You will be a primary contact for the day-to-day reporting tasks. You think of data around the main topics Customer Base, commercial Performance, Strategic planning and Asset Management. You will drive the development of our next generation reporting applications and database solutions from a technical point of view and with your contribution guarantee the creation of a robust and comprehensive reporting environment. The role is unique in the sense that you will develop Reporting applications and database functionality with a small team of experts and in close alignment with business stakeholders. There is lots of opportunity for creativity and innovation.

You are expected to translate user needs into technical solutions; you will advise on and challenge solution directions and with your team take ownership over the solutions provided to our stakeholders. The global reporting team serves over 1000 stakeholders globally spread over multiple functional domains which makes it a dynamic environment where demands constantly develop and change.

This function is based in Eindhoven, NL or Wayne, US and is a position in which you can actively contribute in creating the future of Data Management for DLL.


Day to day:

Build reporting solutions in VB.NET, C#, VBA
Understand the business processes and translate the business wishes into user-friendly reporting solutions, with the right trade-offs between functional desire and technical possibilities.
Understand the existing environments and applications and further develop these, bringing forward own ideas for improvements.
Take a pro-active role in the creation and evolution of our exciting reporting environment
You can oversee the whole chain from source to information product
You are constantly looking for simplification and innovation and are taking opportunities to broaden your knowledge
Liaise functionally with subject matter experts in DLL’s network to continuously validate and improve reporting capabilities.

Essentials:


Demonstrated experience in programming (like VB.NET, C#, VBA)
Experienced in MS SQL, SSIS, SSRS
Advanced in MS Excel
Experience in MS Office AddIn Development
Able to work with large amounts of data and complex models
Strong ability to work independent, highly motivated, seeking and finding new insights
Ability to manage multiple concurrent tasks at the same time where priorities change all the time and drive initiatives in a cross functional environment
Experience in working with IT and bridging the gap from business needs to functional solutions
Familiarity with the MS Azure platform and visualization reporting skills with Power BI, QLIK are a plus
Familiar with a multi-cultural and international environment
Excellent business English (both spoken and written)
Excellent communication and consulting skills
Extras:
Able to translate functional needs into technical solutions, and implement/build these
Embracing Change
An innovative / creative thinker
Analytical and ‘Data minded’
Thinking in terms of solutions
Eager to achieve results
Have a Structured Mindset
A player who interacts with confidence and are not afraid to set boundaries.

You can expect


A team of approximately 45 enthusiastic people (Data Management & Reporting and BI IT) working on multiple projects to realize the Data Management & Reporting strategy for DLL. The Data Management Department resides within Group Finance & Control. It has a direct reporting line to the CFO and operates as a liaison between all departments involved in the various projects. Data is key to our commercial success and contributes to areas such as business development and our portfolio management capabilities – data counts! The 2020 activities will be a next important step in the Data Management journey of DLL, in which the Data Management Cloud transition will continue. Further alignment with other strategic initiatives will be established. The focus will gradually shift towards Data Consuming activities instead of Data Sourcing activities.

All members enjoy
Two working days per year volunteering for a local charity
Health and Wellness program including healthy food, fresh, free health checks, fun health & vitality activities
Flexible hours with possibility to work from home (within job scope)
Career development opportunities: online learning, member development programs
Company pension scheme and attractive collective insurance package

DLL in a nutshell


DLL is a global vendor finance company with more than EUR 30 billion in assets. Founded in 1969 and headquartered in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, DLL provides asset-based financial solutions in the Agriculture, Food, Healthcare, Clean Technology, Construction, Transportation, Industrial, Office Equipment and Technology industries. DLL partners with equipment manufacturers, dealers and distributors in more than 30 countries to support their distribution channels and help grow their businesses. DLL combines customer focus with deep industry knowledge to deliver sustainable solutions for the complete asset life cycle, including commercial finance, retail finance and used equipment finance. DLL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rabobank Group.

To learn more about DLL, visit www.dllgroup.com.


Good to know:

Deadline for applications: May 24th
Reporting to VP Data Management
The selection process may involve an assessment
Applications via email will not be reviewed. Please apply online via our career website
DLL’s referral program applies
For more information, you can contact Nico Molenschot, Talent Acquisition Partner, via nico.molenschot@dllgroup.com
Almost all members of DLL in NL are required to take the Bankers Oath. Banks in the Netherlands find it important that everyone working in the Dutch banking environment fulfils their role with integrity and care. The Banker’s Oath is our promise that we will do so with our customers, the society and to each other.

Screening is part of the application procedure and DLL screens all interns and new employees according to the “DLL Global Screening Policy” in order to ascertain whether the applicant may hold a position at DLL.
