Financial Analyst

Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Swedesboro - Swedesboro, NJ
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Salary Range
Undisclosed
Travel Percentage
Undisclosed
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Finance
Description
Wedgewood Pharmacy is seeking a full-time Financial Analyst to join our team. The Financial Analyst is an integral member of the Finance team responsible for internal and external financial reporting and presentations to Senior Management, Investors, Lenders, and the Board of Directors. In addition, this role is responsible to assist in the Reforecast and Annual Budget processes, provide financial support for strategic initiatives, and various ad hoc projects.

A successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to build cross-functional relationships to assist in the identification, interpretation, and communication of financial and operations data trends that enable strategic planning at the highest levels of the company.

Essential Job Duties include but are not limited to:
Develop a deep understanding of key business drivers & associated operations in order to analyze trends in key business drivers and metrics.
Work throughout the organization to report, monitor and manage key financial and non-financial performance indicators; conduct thorough research and analysis of variances to ensure data accuracy.
Assist with the compilation, review, and presentation of the company’s annual operating budget as well as quarterly re-forecasts.
Support monthly financial close. Analyze operating results against budget and prior year (variance analyses).
Assist with the preparation of the monthly Business Performance Report and present it to the manager in a comprehensive and easy-to-understand format.
Identify key business drivers to support operating & strategic initiatives and perform focused analysis to alert management of potential areas for exposure and recommend solutions to ensure on-budget performance.
Prepare financial data to be included in the quarterly Board Report
Responsible for developing financial models, decision models, reporting, and ad-hoc analysis to support strategic initiatives.
Query data from Tableau and other business intelligence platforms and turn data into insights that drive action.
Improve the current methods used in the collection of data from other parts of the company while retaining the essential integrity and security of the information collected.
Required Skills and Abilities:
Excellent financial modeling and analytical skills combined with strong attention to detail and the ability to work independently to interpret data, evaluate the implications of a course of action or solution, and present complex information in a usable format to a diverse audience.
Skill in exercising a high degree of initiative, judgment, discretion, and decision making to achieve organizational objectives; with the ability to problem-solve and facilitate solutions with limited direction.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, including deadline-sensitive priorities as well as extensive ad-hoc requests with minimal instruction and oversight.
Skill in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with demonstrated ability to work with cross-functional teams.
Demonstrated ability to use sound judgment and discretion regarding confidential information.
Superior capabilities working with MS office financial applications, Tableau, and modeling tools.
Microsoft PowerPoint and Think-Cell skills to prepare C-level presentations for financial reviews.
Experience with G/L systems (MAS 500 a plus).
Advanced Excel proficiency is a must.
Knowledge of reporting platforms and/or tools is a plus (e.g. Tableau, Einstein Analytics &, etc.)
Required Credentials:
Bachelor’s Degree in Finance and/or Accounting.
MBA is a plus
Strong working knowledge of finance and accounting
3-5 years of progressively increasing expertise in financial planning and analysis, including extensive financial modeling, operating expense analysis, and corporate budgeting and forecasting.
