Sr. SAP Business Solutions Analyst
Location


PA, Malvern

Department


Information Technology

Employment Type


Full Time

Apply Now

Crane Payment Innovations is the leader in world class automated payment solutions. We partner with businesses to provide payment experiences that set new and innovative standards for consumer convenience, security and reliability. We are excited to explore new ways every day to improve how millions of people across the globe can make their payments in a way that fits with their lives. Our global engineers develop products and deliver innovative solutions in currency validation technologies, cash management systems, digital payment technologies, mobile applications, security and digital advertising. We offer a range of devices for bill and coin validation, cash recycling and dispensing systems, IoT applications for our enterprise-level connected products and services, and software applications to integrate sensory hardware to machines and networks.

At CPI you will become a valuable part of an inclusive culture of collaboration and innovation with the support of over 2,000 associates working in one of our 15 offices across the world. If you want to have a hands-on global impact on payment solutions, we want you to join our team as a Senior SAP Business Solutions Analyst. This is a full time position based in our office in Malvern, just outside of Philadelphia, PA.

Primary Function:

Experienced functional analyst covering business processes in a global environment. Primary responsibilities include leading functional teams in the definition, configuration, development and implementation of enterprise application solutions. The incumbent is expected to demonstrate a blend of technical and business expertise involving various applications and will use CBS tools and processes including the IT PMO and defined change management procedures to achieve their agreed objectives.

Responsibilities and Duties
Maintain business functionality in accordance to SAP standards while guiding the business process owners to evaluate their processes in order to define, streamline and automate the activities to yield accurate information.
Document the resulting process in Business Process Procedure documents, define the related business requirements, convert them into configuration and/or functional specifications (including technical design recommendations) and define plans for expected impacts changes (master data change, cutover plan, system performance etc.)
Ensure IT standards and methodology are met; manage the application health assessment for associated area; manage business partner expectations and project scope; appropriately report status; deliver quality results. Manage project plans and deliverables reporting on progress.
Coordinate and lead of project status meetings and project updates to business steering committees and IT Leadership. Maintain communication between the company and vendors pertaining to external projects. Keep project manager and direct project team updated on project status.
Get formal business acceptance on the overall plan
Define and coordinate the related tests, including unit and integration all the way to user acceptance
Handle support tickets (incidents, questions…) and document the resolution in the helpdesk tool
Contributes to the related change management, including guiding the creation/update of the related training material, and training the Power User community
May also manage small to medium projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables as well as project budget.
May also need to conduct a requirement gathering or design workshop.
Develop and provide training to the user community.
Qualifications and Required Skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent business experience and minimum of 5 years, 7 preferred, of business application experience as an SAP analyst.
Strong background in SAP configuration mainly in SD and MM modules and business technology including background in some of the following: Solution Manager, HANA, EDI, Business Objects, GRC, Fiori, Web or Mobile platforms. SAP Certifications a plus.
Along with SAP SD and MM modules functional and configuration knowledge, ABAP experience is high desirable.
Strong customer focus and service orientation with the ability to work with business users at all levels of the organization. Thorough follow-up on all business issues is essential.
Team player as well as one who can work independently with little supervision or direction; self-reliant. Proactive and able to make acceptable critical decisions and accomplish established objectives.
Ability to lead small teams, communicate expectations, set timelines and deliverables. Possess an aptitude to self-manage projects, resources, timelines and budgets as assigned.
Excellent communication, organization, analytical, and problem solving skills.
Good written, oral, and interpersonal skills. Ability to interact and communicate effectively with people from around the world.
Working experience and understanding of all phases of the application development life cycle.
Ability to learn new concepts quickly.
Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter, work independently and achieve stated goals and objectives as required. Thorough follow-up on all business issues is essential.
Familiarity with application and IT environment governance, IT General Controls and SOX compliance.
Willingness to travel.
Key Attributes for Success
High energy level, comfortable performing multifaceted projects in conjunction with day-to-day activities
Excellent influencing skills, analytical and problem-solving skills and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work independently and proactively
Aptitude to work with business process owners to successfully attain objectives
Ability to establish credibility and be decisive and able to recognize and support the organization's preferences and priorities
Ability to present technical content in an understandable manner to non-technical users
Results and people oriented with sound judgment—ability to balance other business considerations
Team player – able to work in a matrix organization
Excellent communication skills verbally and in writing
Up to 10% travel
We offer
Competitive salaries
Paid time off
Sick time off
Medical, dental, & vision insurance
Flexible spending accounts
Life insurance and disability benefits
Onsite gym
401K with Company contribution
Discounts for childcare
Community involvement
Opportunities to travel and work at our global sites
Be a part of Crane Payment Innovations and Crane Co.

CPI is a part of Crane Co., a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products. Founded in 1855, Crane Co provides products and solutions to customers in four business segments: Aerospace & Electronics, Fluid Handling, Engineered Materials, and Payment & Merchandising Systems. Crane has approximately 11,000 employees in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Crane Co. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:CR).

Crane Co. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.
