TheAmerican College of Radiology (www.ACR.org), a professional association for radiologists, is a world leader in radiology clinical research. The Center for Research and Innovation located in Philadelphia, administers research for numerous commercial and grant funded entities. Cancer research efforts include studies performed through the prestigious RTOG Foundation (www.RTOG.org), commercial sponsored research awarded to ACR for diagnostic imaging, and a number of NCI awards to, NRG Oncology Group (www.NRGOncology.org), IROC Group (www.IROCQA.org), and ECOG-ACRIN (www.ECOG-ACRIN.org). In addition, ACR CRI conducts research in cardiology, neurology, pediatrics, and other body systems and also has led validation efforts for advancing new software and Artificial Intelligence algorithms.

As aBusiness Analyst at ACR you will be supporting the Center for Research and Innovation project portfolio.

As a member of the ACR team you will:
Understand the structure, policies and operations of an organization to recommend solutions that enable the organization to achieve its goals.
Improve systems/processes by studying current practices and designing modifications.
Prepare process and systems, streamline alternatives and recommendations to stakeholders.
Conduct business process/systems analysis through user story workshops or otherwise.
Document use cases, business/system/functional requirements, requirements traceability matrix and test cases.
Use the SCRUM methodology to document requirements - Epics, Themes, User Stories and Personas.
Support the Product Owner/Manager in validating the completion of requirements.
Verify user stories are delivered per acceptance criteria.
Mockup requirements where necessary to help Developers and business understand the requirements
Document business processes by creating workflow diagrams and flow charts
Plan and oversee SDLC process, release artifacts, release notes and user guides for the product
Develop patterns and concepts within the application which may be re-used for future features
Collaborate with stakeholders, developers and UX/UI designers to perfect the user experience using user-centric wireframes/mocks
Performing user acceptance testing of Sprint deliverables
Keep abreast of latest technology trends and developments
Act as a communication bridge between business and IT.
Act as a SME on behalf of the Customer to IT.
Qualified candidates will possess the following:
Bachelor’s degree in Information systems or related field;
3+ years of directly relevant experience in developing requirements and performing system analysis;
Experience working in Agile environment using SCRUM methodologies;
Competent with Microsoft Project, Visio, and Office software;
Salesforce experience and certifications are a PLUS.
Organizational and analytical skills;
Ability to clearly communicate ideas and solutions;
Ability to clearly communicate ideas and solutions;
Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills;
Ability to work as part of a team and individually.
If you would like to put your experience to great use in a professional team-oriented environment, please apply online. To learn more about ACR’s rewarding employee experience, culture, and benefits, visit: https://www.acr.org/About-ACR/Work-With-Us

ACR offers a rewarding employee experience: innovative culture, professional growth potential, competitive compensation and an exceptional benefits package, including a defined contribution pension plan, 403(b); generous paid time off package; insurance plans with the leading providers; flexible spending; tuition reimbursement; training opportunities; and wellness reimbursement.
