The FreedomPay Commerce Platform is the technology of choice for many of the largest companies across the globe in retail, hospitality, lodging, gaming, sports and entertainment, foodservice, education, healthcare and financial services. FreedomPay’s technology has been purposely built to deliver rock solid performance in the highly complex environment of global commerce. The company maintains a world-class security environment and was first to earn the coveted validation by the PCI Security Standards Council against Point-to-Point Encryption (P2PE/EMV) standard in North America. FreedomPay’s robust solutions across payments, security, identity and data analytics are available in-store, online and on-mobile and are supported by rapid API adoption. The award winning FreedomPay Commerce Platform operates on a single, unified technology stack across multiple continents allowing enterprises to deliver a consistent, repeatable experience on a global scale. FreedomPay is a fast paced, high growth company with a great culture with competitive benefits and compensation with a business casual atmosphere.

We are currently seeking a Bid Manager/Solutions Analyst with specific experience in technical writing and managing the RFP/RFI process. This position requires a high level and smart mix of leadership, technical writing ability and creativity. This is a full time salaried position.
In this role, you will have multiple responsibilities including managing the bid process related to the RFI/RFP process, including You will have the opportunity to support sales of new products and development as well as train current and futures customers on our platform. You will have shared accountability for the quality of the solution and ensure seamless integration and implementations.
Job Responsibilities (including but not limited to)
As part of the Sales Engineering/Pre-Sales team, you will be an integral part of helping our client-facing teams – including sales, account management and our partnership team – win new deals, support existing clients, and lead/manage the RFI/RFP bid process in collaboration with sales, sales engineering, finance, legal (contracting), product and other departments.
Candidate must have proven experience in technical writing, with the ability to “tell a story” through a deep understanding of FreedomPay’s technology stack
Critical and creative writing skills are required to be successful in this role
Review incoming requests and respond to questions for the Sales, Account Management and other client-facing teams
Assist Sales Engineering team during pre-sales and technical integration calls
o This includes taking minutes and conducting research during calls
o This includes performing research on the potential merchant/partner prior to the call to ensure that we understand their environment and products
Become a Subject Matter Expertise on the FreedomPay platform
Learn how to use the RFPIO software to respond to RFPs and other customer inquiries
Review incoming requests and respond to questions from the Sales, Account Management and other client-facing teams
This includes performing research on the potential merchant/partner prior to the call to ensure that we understand their environment and products
Assist Sales Engineers in creating and managing partner certification tickets in JIRA
Required Skills and Experience
Bachelors degree required (degree in Computer Science or related degree preferred)
3-5 years experience in technical solution consulting, technical writing or similar role
Excellent writing abilities – ability to explain the “platform story” to clients
Creativity, creativity, creativity!
Technical expertise of relevant technologies
Past experience as a bid manager or similar role
Well versed in business software (Word, Excel, etc)
Ability to multi-task and handle multiple items
Ability to prioritize tasks
Proactive work ethic
Please note, this position is not available to any third-party agencies, search firms, or other recruiting agencies for profit.

As the fastest growing commerce company in the industry, we offer the opportunity for tremendous upward mobility within the company as well as development and professional growth opportunities. FreedomPay provides exceptional benefits including medical, prescription, dental and vision coverage, Life Insurance, 401K with company match, commission sharing plan, and a modern working environment. All positions must be able to successfully pass a background check as well as a credit check.
