Kelly Outsourcing Consulting Group KellyOCG , a managed solution provider and business unit of Kelly Services, Inc., is currently seeking a Business Planning Analyst dedicated to work directly with our major Pharma client in West Point PA.

This role is a full-time, fully benefitted position. As a KellyOCG employee you will be eligible for Medical, Dental, 401K and a variety of other benefits to choose from. You'll also be eligible for paid time off, including holiday, vacation and sick/personal time. All KellyOCG employees receive annual performance reviews.


As a Planning Analyst placed with Kelly Services your will be responsible for fully supporting the R&D Finance team by proficiently applying financial planning and accounting principle knowledge at a high level, consisting of: e.g. budgeting, forecasting, and strategic planning activities for clinical trials and pharmaceutical development pipeline.


Selected Responsibilities:


As a critical requirement in this role, must demonstrate an expert level of proficiency and programming with MS Excel on a routine basis, must be able to create pivot tables, and utilize functions (i.e.: vlookup, concatenation, if/then) within the application.
Responsible for building and maintaining MS Excel models using pivot tables to project costs for distribution and warehousing, 3rd party packaging, 3rd party labeling, and drug costs to develop budget forecast.
Must be able to fully utilize SAP for financial analysis of R&D programs (investigational drug) and trial costs to accurately maintain and update rolling forecast and profit plan. Prepare plan for submission of annual Profit Plan.
Develop metrics via Excel models to analyze resource allocations and forecasts for use by managers within the department
Perform KPI analysis and present metric results to global clinical supplies management team
Must be able to utilize tools to obtain purchase prices for investigational drug. Must understand SAP BOM structures and functionality for examining and valuing clinical material.
Ability to follow Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)


Education and Work Experience Requirements:


Bachelor’s degree with 3-5 years of relevant experience
Experience in clinical development and/or clinical supplies
Experience with clinical trials
Prior supply chain, logistics, or operations knowledge
APICs certification or Supply Chain knowledge (JDE, SAP, etc.) is preferred
Familiarity with MS Access is preferred
Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
