PetroChoice, a leading distributor of lubricants, oils, fluids, and greases is currently recruiting a Inventory Analyst for our King of Prussia location. Our history is marked by consistent growth and expansion, which has significantly widened our scope of experience and capabilities as a lubricant distributor.
The Inventory Analyst works closely with the Branch Operations Managers, Strategic Pricing Manager, Regional Operations Managers, RVP’s and Warehouse personnel to evaluate, plan and monitor specific inventory levels to meet demand forecast and corporate financial objectives. These decisions are optimized based on understanding of the appropriate inventory levels necessary to support the Company’s sales order fill rate objective balanced against seasonal peaks, delivery lead-times and financial goals.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES include but are not limited to the following. The Company reserves the right to add to, delete, change or modify the essential duties and responsibilities at any time. All work is to be completed with minimal supervision and in accordance with Company standards. Other duties may be assigned as needed.
Analyze demands daily/weekly/monthly to identify procurement requirements.
Analyze, manage and maintain inventory levels aimed at specific desired days of inventory on hand optimize against seasonal peaks and sales order fill rate objectives.
Review product/category lifecycles for proper sourcing and exiting strategies.
Review freight/shipping options to select internal and external carriers.
Monitor order/delivery status, stock outages, inventory turns, forecast, and inventory stocking levels for facilities responsible for and provides early warnings on late deliveries in order to take corrective action.
Work with Vendors to maintain best practices in both service and delivery levels.
Determine, evaluate, and redeploy obsolete and excessive inventory; collaborate with Sales and Operational leaders to orchestrate promotional sales of excess or slow moving inventory.
Lead the transition of discontinued products to new replacement products.
Monitor and measure back order frequency and report variance from corporate sales order fill rate objectives.
Analyze inventory at multiple locations to rebalance stock levels.
Coordinate and monitor cycle inventory counts and reconciliations.
Recommend standard policies & procedures to ensure adequate control of purchases and inventories.
Maintain accurate inventory data including new inventory item set-up, product codes, product names, authorized substitutes, and stocking levels for supply planning and inventory management.
Execute strategies to improve fill rate performance, reduce inventory levels, and increase turns.
Represent PetroChoice with integrity and professionalism at all times.
COMPETENCY:
To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Inventory management, allocation or replenishment, financial planning or financial analysis experience.
Inventory Management Principals – In-depth knowledge of Stocking, Inventory Turn Analysis, Inventory Ranking, and Financial Analysis with respect to inventory.
Computer/IT – database organization, retrieval and analysis techniques, including ERP and Excel software programs.
Interpersonal – focus on conflict resolution rather than blame; maintain confidentiality; keep emotions under control; remain open to other’s ideas and new processes.
Oral Communication – Speak clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listen and get clarification; respond well to questions; participate in meetings.
Quality – demonstrate accuracy and thoroughness; look for ways to improve and promote quality; apply feedback to improve performance, monitor own work to ensure quality.
Quantity – meet productivity standards, complete work in a timely manner; strive to increase productivity, work quickly.

QUALIFICATIONS:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor degree (BA) or equivalent from a 4-year College or 0-3 years related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience is preferred.
LANGUAGE ABILITY:
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, customers, and the general public.
MATH ABILITY:
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations.
REASONING ABILITY:
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
COMPUTER SKILLS:
To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and other report writing and project planning software. Experience working in an ERP environment is desirable.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The work environment consist of office and warehouse conditions representative of distribution businesses nationally. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
This is an office position. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision, Distance vision, Peripheral vision, Depth perception and Ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands and fingers, talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and sit.
EOE.
