Title: Business Analyst I
Location:Philadelphia, PA
Type: Contract

The Contractor position in Sales Strategy & Insights group will be a key role within National Sales & Operations' (NSO), and responsible for fostering an insight driven sales culture through analyses and tools that support channel strategy and drive a best in class customer & employee experience. The ideal candidate will combine their knowledge of data driven sales mechanics, complex data architecture environments, high impact performance reporting, and analyses to demonstrate the ROI on all key sales enablement initiatives. Continuous analyses and insights on program performance as well as development of decision-making tools will drive innovation and enhancements. This position offers the opportunity to work closely with a variety of cross functional teams within the Sales organization as well as with Marketing, product, and Enterprise Business Intelligence (EBI).

Required Skills:
Generally, requires 3-5 years of experience in advanced analytics, information systems implementation, data-driven sales & marketing, and/or statistical modeling/forecasting, applied research methods.
Strategic thinker, with a demonstrable understanding of marketing & sales mechanics.
Critical thinker who is able to define approaches to solving a business problem, understand the data and validate the findings.
Ability to turn insights into powerful visualizations using tools such as Tableau.
Strong technical acumen and experience.
Proven track record of turning data into insights.
Demonstrated ability in handling and navigating large and complex data sets and databases.
Experience with SQL, Oracle, relational databases, and other access and storage technologies (Hadoop, etc.).
Outside the box thinking with a proactive approach to problem solving.
Understanding of advanced analytic techniques, BI tools, and data visualization software (IBM Cognos and Tableau preferred).
Base knowledge of financial applications such as Essbase.
Knowledge of the net promoter system (NPS) a plus.
Experience with Tableau and AWS a plus.
Strong project management, communication, and strategic thinking skills.
65601-1
