Here at Scotts Miracle-Gro there is no such thing as a typical day. Our culture is constantly energized by new and exciting growth opportunities and at a rapid pace. Every Associate plays an important role in providing innovative solutions for today’s gardeners and growers and contributing new ideas to improve operations. In our company you need grit, it is what we were founded on over 150 years ago and is what keeps us growing. Regardless of your level in the organization there is a platform for your voice to be heard and the ability to influence change. Family, community and hard working values are weaved into all that we do. Come grow with us, where we develop and nurture the next generation of leaders.

ScottsMiracle-Gro is searching for a dynamic social media marketer to grow with us, as we create and build engaged social media communities and industry-leading integrated digital campaigns.

The ideal person for this role has hands-on, professional experience managing and growing social media presences for brands across major platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube and Twitter, is excited to jump into the channels to engage with our audiences each day, and loves to keep a pulse on emerging trends and influencers. We’re searching for someone who is creative, thoughtful, analytical, and excited to share fresh takes on all things social, and digital omni-channel content work to shape the future of our brands.

You’ll contribute to the development and execution of social media strategy, work collaboratively with our creative agencies to manage the production and delivery of social media content, have ownership of content publishing, managing influencer marketing programs and own day-to-day social community engagement. We’re looking for someone who is curious, and has strong research skills; this role will perform audits and review case studies relating to social media, content, and digital channels at large to surface findings and insights relevant to our category and business goals.

This position requires a strong work ethic, including the ability to balance working autonomously and working in highly collaborative groups to deliver quality content that satisfies business and campaign objectives. Due to the always-on nature of social media, the person in this role must be comfortable monitoring and publishing on social channels outside of regular business hours as needed, which may include evenings, weekends and/or holidays.

Key Responsibilities and Skillsets:

Day to day
40% community management
30% content development and planning
20% research, audits and social listening
10% reporting
Subject Matter Expertise and Stewardship
Expert user of popular social networking sites like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, Snapchat, and YouTube
Understands the nuances of successful content across different channels and how to execute it accordingly
Passionate about the evolving landscape of digital marketing, including social media and content’s role in the sales funnel
Advocate for social media and content marketing best practices across the organization drawing on industry standards, best practice case studies and ScottsMiracle-Gro’s historical marketing activities
Analytical thinker with a creative flair who can translate conceptual ideas into consumer facing content
Interface with and provide feedback to agency partners to guide production and implementation of social media content and advertising work
Participate in paid social media strategy planning and implementation
Ability to develop and implement content calendars based on business goals and campaign objectives using ScottsMiracle-Gro’s library of internal content, or through coordinating with external resources as needed
Comfortable engaging with consumers on behalf of ScottsMiracle-Gro brands on social media, escalating issues to Customer Services as necessary
Delivery of social media consultation, content generation, and ongoing social media audit and support to our internal teams as necessary
Develop and advocate for online tone and voice across our family of brands
Actively research newsworthy topics/events, influencers and social media trends to improve content and share learnings with other Marketing Services stakeholders and Brand Team members
Use social channels to support PR, sponsorship and traditional media efforts
Monitor key performance metrics to understand trends and derive insights to inform future content or engagement efforts
Communication and Organization Skills
Effective communicator, able to explain complex nuances of social media channels and content simply
Willing to play an educator role to teach members of Marketing Services and Brand Teams about social media platforms and content
Able to develop presentations that clearly and succinctly outline campaign goals, processes, procedures and workflows
Comfortable with presenting to internal groups during meetings
Highly organized
Able to manage time and capacity effectively
Detail oriented
Cultural Fit
Comfortable working in a highly matrixed environment
Ability to work autonomously on a broad array of tasks and projects relating to community management, content development, auditing, social listening, reporting
Ability to contribute collaboratively to a team
Ability to work under deadlines in a fast-paced environment and own multiple projects at once
Qualifications:

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Liberal Arts, Marketing, Communications or a related field.
Experience:
Minimum 2-4 years of experience in interactive marketing or related communications positions, including experience and familiarity with branding, consumer packaged good marketing, project management and social media marketing.
Past experience in similar roles with internal clients or in an agency environment is preferred.
Writing, editing or content creation experience, including managing content and content marketing efforts for a national brand.
Not interested in this role? Stay up to date on future opportunities by joining our ScottsMiracle-Gro and Hawthorne Gardening talent networks.

Scotts is an EEO Employer, dedicated to a culturally diverse, drug free workplace.

EEO/AA Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Notification to Agencies:

Please note that the Scotts Miracle-Gro company does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Master Service Agreement, and specific approval to submit resumes to an approved requisition, the Scotts Miracle-Gro company will not consider or approve payment regarding recruiter fees or referral compensations.

.
