Ideal candidates must possess a solid understanding of the technology and platforms available in the P&C Insurance industry, specifically billing systems, knowledge of the insurance vertical and its rating and policy administration solutions. Must be skilled in working within a business group to understand and interpret workflow and business rules. Effective oral & written communication skills are essential, position will entail drafting process design, business rule, and requirements documents. Must be able to plan and direct analysis of complex business problems to be solved with automated systems.

Primary duties include:
Identify and analyze client’s business functions in order to develop clearly defined requirements for billing systems. Document use cases, process flows, data flows and report mock-ups
Consulting with clients, business unit management, systems analysts and programmers on the business needs and objectives and to design and develop automated business systems to fulfill those needs
Writing and maintains functional specifications for new or modified business systems as well as tracking and documenting changes to those specifications
Developing, coordinating, and implementing plans to test business and functional processes during system development and quality assurance testing
Creating or assists others in the writing of user documentation, instructions, and procedures
Preparing time and cost estimates for completing projects
Other Duties as Assigned
Minimum Requirements:
Experience using Microsoft products: Windows, Office Suite (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook)
Experience using standard project and business tools including Microsoft Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, SharePoint
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Understands communication channels and escalates appropriately
Bachelor’s degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
5+ years as an IT Business Analyst Property & Casualty insurance industry
Experience with property and casualty billing systems is required
Independent, self-motivated
Ability to Travel
Insurance Certification, i.e. CPCU a Plus
DRC is seeking candidates from the Philadelphia Area. This position is in our Philadelphia, PA office. Please apply below and include source code "WB1025" in the note field.
