Junior Business Analyst
Job Title: Business Analyst - SQL
Location: Fort Washington, PA
Salary Range: $55k-$70k
Requirements: SQL

Based in Fort Washington, PA we are a well-known, well-established financial services firm. Due to growth, we are actively hiring for a Business Analyst to join our team. The ideal candidate will have SQL experience professionally or in a college environment as well. If this sounds like you, please apply immediately or send your resume to adam.vargas@cybercoders.com
Top Reasons to Work with Us
1. Great benefits package!
2. Our ideas, rigorous standards, and deep expertise continue to open new opportunities for consumers, professional advisors, and institutional investors alike!
3. Tons of growth potential!
What You Will Be Doing
As a Business Analyst, you will be assisting our team with the maintenance and administration of our CRM/Salesforce system as well as gathering of business requirements for system changes. In addition, you will assist in the maintenance and development of system reports, data updates, user administration, and workflows. This position will require you to interact with various teams to continuously enhance our CRM system for our business needs.

- Maintenance and updates of existing CRM/SalesForce system
- Creation and maintenance of Salesforce reports
- Documentation of business processes
What You Need for this Position
Must-have skills:
1) 1-3 years of professional experience as a business analyst or CRM admin or a recent college graduate with a degree in information technology or computer science. Degrees in similar analytical areas of study will also be considered.

Plus skills to have:
1) Experience with Microsoft Dynamics CRM or Salesforce is preferred.
2) Working knowledge of SQL Server or academic study of SQL is preferred.
3) Salesforce Admin Certification is a plus.
4) Experience in the Financial Services or Insurance industries is a plus.
What's In It for You
For your hard work and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive base salary ($55k-$70k) and benefits package including but not limited to:- Health/dental/vision
- Life insurance
- FSA/HSA- Matching 401k
- Generous PTO
- Training
- Many more!
So, if you are a Junior Business Analyst with experience, please apply today!
-
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
