PurposeFunction The Junior Process Engineer - IT is a core member of an agiledevelopment team. The Junior Process Engineer communicates with business stakeholders, developers, QAUAT testers, and project managersscrum masters. Leads requirement definition and analysis of initiatives utilizing operational excellence best practices and will be responsible for the implementation of change, from initiation through to planning and execution. Works with business partners to refinegroomcreate features andor stories that can be developed and delivered. Primary Duties Responsibilities Drive and facilitate requirements definition for prioritized work efforts by collecting information, performing analysis, and defining business requirements via user stories and business acceptance criteria. Responsible for understanding the business and making recommendations for improvement. (40) Owns the translation of the business vision into language that can be consumed by development resources. Conversely, ensures the business understands the solution technology environment and can articulate it in their own words. (35) Acts as a contact for questions on currentfuturepast work for business and IT resources. (15) Assists in the planning, execution, and analysis of user acceptance testing. (10) Job Specifications Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, or MISInformation Technology is desirable. Demonstrated experience capturing business requirements, defining business acceptance criteria, and interfacing with IT development teams. Knowledge of mortgage insurance life cycle is a plus. Knowledge and experience with both agile and waterfall development methodologies is preferred. Knowledge and experience creating mock-ups, wireframes or prototypes is a plus. Demonstrated process mapping, data analysis, and facilitation experience is required. Skills and Abilities Ability to elicit and document the "what " and "why " of a business request, separately from the "how " Ability to elicit and document current and future state business and technical process flows Ability to provide best practice feedback on UI functionalitydesign Ability to break a problem down into smaller chunks that can be delivered separately (i.e features and stories) Comfortable with continuous discovery and analyzing work in increments, rather than all at once up front Strong collaborator Ability to articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical addressees Excellent communications skills written, verbal, group presentations Strong facilitation and presentation skills Flexibility to partner with and negotiate with various personality types at all levels within and outside the organization Ability to drive end-to-end process walkthroughs to baseline processes and identify changes impacts Comfortable operating in an environment with a considerable amount of ambiguity Experience in developing wireframes andor prototypes to obtain customer feedback Experience working with developers to implement visually appealing designs Experience with sharepoint is a plus
