Job Title: Technical Business Analyst

Job Location: Philadelphia, PA

OVERVIEW:

Excelacom is a consulting and technology solutions company with a focus on Communications and Media providers. At our core, we partner with our clients to solve their complex business, technology and operational challenges through a combination of consulting expertise and telecom-focused product solutions.

Our consulting teams optimize existing systems and work on an accelerated timeline using innovative approaches and best practices that minimize risk and maximize return to improve business and operational performance without costly technology transformations.

Excelacom is a global company and is headquartered in the United States in Reston, VA, outside of Washington, D.C., with offices in North America and Europe as well as a technology center in Chennai, India.

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Technical Business Analyst who is comfortable working directly with our subject matter experts, software developers, and QA teams. The Business Analyst will be responsible for connecting the dots between the needs and goals of all stakeholders, troubleshooting, and interfacing between internal clients and developers, translating for each group as necessary. This individual is responsible for the documentation of requirements as defined by the business users and client stakeholders.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Understand services (micro/web/API) and good at documenting technical requirements attention to detail to do some swim lane flow/sequence diagram.
Write and update swagger documentation for REST web services
Interacting with business users, lead engineers’ architects, and making sure to capture the requirements.
Facilitate the collaborative process of gathering and assessing architectural significant requirements, constraints, and trade-off analysis to inform solution architectures and serve as an expert in the technical field of knowledge. Serve as a resource and knowledge expert to Applications Development Manager in the project areas
Must be a strong technical leader, an independent, critical and analytic thinker, have excellent communication skills and rapidly adapt to changing business and customer demands
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s Degree or Equivalent Field of Study
Work experience in an environment that’s done services (micro/web/API) that will separate the BA from others.
Experience in writing and updating swagger documentation for REST web services
SQL experience would be a bonus
Someone who has worked hard core with engineering teams in the past (not just commercial off the shelf/configuring applications)
Familiarity using Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, etc.
EEO STATEMENT:

Excelacom, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Any decision affecting employment, compensation, promotion, or transfer will be based solely on personal qualifications and merit, regardless of sex, race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, disability, age, results of genetic testing, service in the military, pregnancy, childbirth or other related medical conditions or any other factor protected under applicable law.
