About Agency

Publicis Health Media (PHM) is the strategic media planning and buying agency within PHCG, and the only global media agency solely dedicated to the health and wellness space. Our mission is to define moments along the health journey, and equip people with the tools and communications they need to make healthy

decisions.

PHM's core is made up of franchise and enterprise AOR relationships with some of the largest clients in the world. We also partner with PHCG and Groupe creative agencies to support large client brand assignments in health and wellness. By leveraging a centralized pool of health and wellness cross channel

experts, we have the ability to drive business results for our clients worldwide.

Our core capabilities include:

Connections Planning

Business Intelligence and Performance

Cross-channel planning and buying

Paid and Organic Search

Programmatic Buying

Mobile

Position Summary

The Business Intelligence Analyst is exposed to a range of clients, projects and responsibilities. You will be working with a team of highly talented individuals in Strategy, Marketing, Media, Creative to drive results for our clients.

Key Responsibilities

Knowledge

Conduct quantitative and qualitative metric development and analysis tied to business objectives

Track results and provide data interpretation using a variety of digital analytics tools and partners

Develop insights, recommendations and optimizations in order to optimize campaign performance

Create measurement plans outlining strategy and tactics required to assess brand performance

Assist with collecting market and industry research to provide performance benchmarks, industry

updates, market scans, top-line summaries, and client reports

Contribute to competitive analyses and best practices audits

Collaborate with clients to develop clear business and measurement objectives

Develop and maintain functional expertise in one or more of the following disciplines; database

marketing, integrated channel marketing (including web), analytical tools, techniques, and other

infrastructure requirements

Requirements

0-2 years of business experience working in Marketing, Advertising or Consulting

Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Marketing, Math; MBA a plus

Strong analytical skills with demonstrated ability to be both strategic and tactical

Ability to multi-task; ability to manage time, deadlines, and prioritize work

Capacity to work independently as well as part of a team

Excellent communication skills

Knowledge of statistical modeling techniques, segmentation, research, lifetime value, ROI

Proficiency in Microsoft Office required with an emphasis on advanced-level Excel skills

Hands on experience with digital analytic tools (Google Analytics, Omniture)

Experience with SAS, SPSS or other data manipulation tools a plus

Experience in program measurement (online and/or offline), test design and financial modeling also a plus

Publicis Health

Publicis Health is the premier global health and wellness communications network. We are one of the four solutions hubs of Publicis Groupe, the third-largest advertising and media company in the world, giving us unparalleled global reach.

We manage top-tier agencies specializing in promoting innovative solutions in advertising, medical education, clinical trial program development, sales and marketing, digital, market access, and medical and scientific affairs. Our nearly 6,500 employees work at 15 agency brands across 60 offices located in 10 countries.

We are a connected solutions hub, equipped for continual business transformation in today's world. We integrate services across our global offices and brands to deliver on our clients' needs. Each of our agencies brings a unique approach to business, which makes us even stronger together. We understand the rapidly changing healthcare environment and leverage it to maximize the potential of our clients' brands.

Web: www.publicishealth.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/publicishealth Twitter: www.twitter.com/PublicisHealth/
