ELAP provides a comprehensive, reference based pricing solution that helps self-funded employers across the US significantly reduce their healthcare costs.

With double digit incremental growth,we are guided by an entrepreneurial culture that rewards innovation and teamwork. We foster the free flow of ideas and value initiative, trust, creativity and passion - qualities we consider essential to our success. There are many reasons why it's good to be an ELAP employee; and one of them is our generous, 100% paid (for employees / 60% for dependents) comprehensive benefits program that helps you and your family stay healthy, feel safe and maintain balance work / life. Another is our exceptional 401K match, in which you are vested 100% immediately. To learn more, apply today!

ELAP's Values
We level the playing field
We Passionately Challenge the Status Quo
We Innovate
We Advocate
We Empower Clients and Families
We are Accountable
Summary

In the role of Sr. Business Analyst, you will provide support of ELAP's enterprise systems. These activities include business process analysis, project management, application configuration, requirements gathering, data analysis and / or conversion, training, and any other assigned services.

Duties and Responsibilities
Gather, document, and present to appropriate constituencies the models and process strategies that will drive the effective use of enterprise technology.
Facilitate communication and interaction between the business and IT.
Understand business requirements and translate them into specific software requirements.
Evaluate proposed application projects including evaluating, analyzing, interpreting, and reporting the functional and economic aspects of such projects.
Coordinate assessment of current and future enterprise systems with IT and, if appropriate, coordinate development of new business requirements.
Work with constituencies to analyze and redesign processes to streamline transaction processing and align processes and transactions to support strategic decision making.
Design and execute the test scripts and test scenarios.
Provide oversight of and responsibility for testing related improvements to Enterprise Systems.
Ensure application product knowledge and documentation remains current and in-depth with all appropriate business users to enable the successful use of the tools.
Evaluate the types of analysis that will inform strategic decision-making at multiple levels of responsibility, including the senior management, department managers, and corporate IT.
Collaborate with PMO team to continuously improve project management, business analysis, and quality assurance processes and standards.
Fill project manager and quality assurance roles on smaller projects as required.
Other duties as assigned.
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or related field from an accredited college or university.
3+ years of experience as Business Analyst on complex projects
5+ years business experience
Specialized Knowledge and Skills
Proven ability to analyze and document complex business processes and recommended solution options.
Team experience including working closely with business professionals as well as technical resources and acting as a bridge between two groups including liaison with vendors.
Experience in developing creative solutions to technology challenges.
Ability to make effective decisions under pressure and work in a fast-paced environment.
Solid technical background with understanding and / or hands-on experience in software development life cycle and web technologies.
Ability to facilitate requirements meetings.
Strong documentation skills (eg requirements, test scripts, project status, management presentations, etc.)
Ability to interface with senior managers / business / technology professionals.
Microsoft Office proficient Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Independent worker who takes initiative to identify and react to new opportunities and projects.
Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking skills.
Preferred Experience with the following:
Healthcare claims data
Configuring and implementing enterprise applications such as ERP (SAP, Dynamics) CRM (SalesForce.com), Document Management / Collaboration (SharePoint), and Business Intelligence (SSRS, Tableau)
Microsoft Visio and Microsoft Project
Data conversion and systems testing
