IntePros is seeking an experienced Business Systems Analyst to join an exciting team with our largest healthcare client. This is a great opportunity to join one of the area’s top employers.

Business Systems Analyst Description:
Configuration Specialist Specific Duties:
Responsible to support more senior analysts with analysis and configuration of application systems, modifying existing systems to improve workflow or to serve new purposes.
Assist to evaluate business procedures and problems, participate in business requirements gathering sessions, identify specifications and solutions, build configuration, and define test case scenarios for application and configuration testing.
Participates in system enhancements, modifications and upgrades.
Trouble-shoots and identifies root cause system errors and recommends preliminary solutions to more senior analysts.
Assists in the development of user system documentation.
Performs initial investigation, evaluation and documentation of system design findings.
Inputs coded data elements.
May assist users in understanding business system functions
Business Analyst Qualifications:
Experience: The qualified candidate will possess a minimum of 2 years related work experience.
Education: Bachelor’s Required

Skills:
Must have strong analytical, technical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to work with multiple business systems and have a general understanding of system design.
Knowledgeable of Microsoft office products and project management tools.
Effective oral and written communications skills necessary.
Must have a general understanding the business environment and associated systems.
Must be detail oriented and have a general understanding of corporate business systems.
Must be able to work independently with assigned task.
Ability to investigate, perform preliminary testing and present findings.
Technical writing skills needed.
Knowledgeable in Healthcare and Health Plan terminology, medical coding (e.g., CPT, HCPCS, ICD9, CDT, Revenue, DRG and other relevant medical and industry-standard codes)
THE INTEPROS DIFFERENCE
IntePros is a certified woman-owned results-oriented recruiting solutions and staffing company. We are the representative of choice for top professionals because we understand what motivates great people. We take an active role in your career and our concerns are long-term. We have an extensive support system and make the commitment to making the right match between you and a company. We are proud of our retention rate: over 90% of our consultants choose to work again with IntePros.

IntePros is founded on the core values of accountability, family, passion, trust and value. IntePros offers all consultants comprehensive medical, dental and vision programs. We also offer direct deposit and a $1,500/year education and professional certification fund.

IntePros does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, age, veteran or military status, retaliation, or other characteristic protected by law.

Only qualified individuals being considered will be contacted

AN1
