Duration: 9+ months

Responsibilities:
Meet with clients to analyze their individual needs, determine priorities, provide estimates and determine project scope.
Manage project scope, schedule and quality.
Lead requirements gathering sessions; investigate, document and analyze key client organizational processes.
Identify needs and develop customized solutions.
Maintain an effective client follow-up system to ensure clients are contacted in regards to project progress and overall satisfaction.
Coordinate and execute client training.
Perform and organize ongoing support for customers such as report building, data quality, new integrations, etc.
Contribute to the development of a strategic customer roadmap.
Requirements:
Related university degree or college diploma required and/or an acceptable equivalent of education and experience.
Ideally 2-3 years of Business Analyst experience which includes:
High energy, creativity, resourcefulness and entrepreneurial spirit
Ability to absorb technical information and convey the same information into non-technical terms to the customers
JIRA experience needed
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job.

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.
