Tech USA is seeking a Business Analyst to work for fortune 500 company within the Telecommunications industry. This Analyst is desired to have a financial/accounting background with a hard working attitude. To apply please email LMurray@TechUSA.net-Serves as a liaison between the business community and the IT organization in order to provide technical solutions to meet user needs. Possesses expertise in the business unit(s) they support, as well as, an understanding of the IT organization’s systems and capabilities. Analyzes business partner’s operations to understand their strengths and weaknesses to determine opportunities to automate processes and functions. Assists in the business process redesign and documentation as needed for new technology. -Translates high level business requirements into functional specifications for the IT organization and manages changes to such specifications. Educates the IT organization on the direction of the business. Negotiates agreements and commitments by facilitating communication between business unit(s) and IT from initial requirements to final implementation. -Possesses an understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bring solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. May make recommendations for buy versus build decision. -Basic Accounting knowledge -Strong Excel skills- Pivots, VLookups, tables, MACROS -Ability to update database files and communicating with a variety of people throughout the organization -They need to have strong communication skills, and be hard working -Responsible for reporting and business/financial analytical responsibilities About Tech USA: Tech USA is a comprehensive provider of staffing and workforce solutions throughout the Infrastructure and Information Technology Industries, including Education, Healthcare, Financial, Government, Engineering, and Cyber Security. We are actively seeking candidates for contract, contract-to-hire, project support and permanent placement jobs throughout the nation. View our website to see a list of our current open positions; however, not all of our positions are listed so don’t forget to submit your resume and request a consultation with one of our IT recruiting specialists to explore your opportunities further. At Tech USA we understand that next to your family, your career is one of the most important aspects to a happy and fulfilling life. This is why we take the time to truly understand and get to know our candidates, so we can then pair them with the right job, not just any job. As a result, Tech USA is known throughout the industry for quality, reliability and the highest satisfaction from both our clients as well as the candidates that we represent. Contact a local Tech USA representative today and learn about the many opportunities we may have available for you. Tech USA is an equal opportunity employer.
