LOC_HUP-Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania Req ID: 82044

Shift: Days

Employment Status: Regular - Full Time
Job Summary
The Research Data Analyst will participate in studies of brain MRI data and the genetic basis of brain structure and function. The degree of independence and leadership over projects will depend on the individual's past experience. Planned studies are based on large, pre-existing datasets, so the work will be focused on data analysis rather than data collection. For example, one project investigates the role of schizophrenia risk genes in mediating the growth of different areas of the human brain across the lifespan. Experience with neuroimaging, transcriptomics or genetics will be beneficial but is not required. Likewise, experience with data analysis using software such as R, Python or MATLAB (or equivalent) will be beneficial but is not required. Openings are available for a research assistant, data analyst or post-doctoral fellow. All work will be under the direct supervision of Dr. Alexander-Bloch. For more details, seehttps://www.research.chop.edu/brain-gene-development-lab.
Job Responsibilities
Participate in research by analyzing, abstracting, entering, and presenting data using research databases.
Review patient charts and record and summarize data clearly and concisely with 100% accuracy.
Analyze and abstract data with 100% accuracy.
Enter abstracted data into database with 100% accuracy
Coordinate abstract writing and presentation as required.
Monitor and maintain research database.
Act as divisional resource for research database management.
Keep up-to-date with all possible database capabilities as well as related software and technology.
Participate in clinical research within area and in other activities to support the project.
Perform other related duties as a result of the research performed, such as literature searches, etc.
Job Responsibilities (Continued)
Job Responsibilities (Continued)
Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations
None
Required Education and Experience
Required Education: BA/BS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or Information Technology, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Required Experience: Two years of experience with clinical databases and clinical research.
Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic
Preferred Education: Masters degree
Additional Technical Requirements
Knowledge of medical terminology.
Attentive to detail and data accuracy; meticulous.
Ability to work independently with minimal guidance, exercising discretion and judgment.
Able to work accurately, work well with others and pay strict attention to detail.
Must be adaptable to do work which is varied and requires an intellectual and professional approach.
Requires a high degree of flexibility of skills and hours.
Experience with computer programs including Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access preferred.

All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer).

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions.

CHOP Careers Contact

Talent Acquisition

2716 South Street, 6th Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19146

Phone: 866-820-9288

Email:TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
