Intern, Development Analyst Overview: The opportunity is structured for bright, innovative, results-oriented individuals interested in educational and skill-developing opportunities. Interns are expected to assume, as much as possible, the role of a regular staff member in order to gain valuable on-the-job training and experience related to the commercial real estate industry.

Essential Functions:
Support organization of company and project files by locating, retrieving, and organizing, scanning and transferring project files to the proper destination upon request.
Conduct detailed commercial real estate market and competitive position research, financial and statistical analysis and report preparation and assembly to support business operations. Assist with completing proforma analysis, project budget and forecast updates, disbursement schedules and ad hoc discrete analysis studies.
Assist with preparing reporting packages, presentations, special projects and other support functions which require proofreading, photocopying, filing and collating. Ensure application of correct use of the English language including grammar, spelling, punctuation and layout. Provide professional quality, timely general administrative support to all staff.
Learn how to research and document market reports on competitive residential, office, and retail projects in the Philadelphia region and present research results to the development team.
Learn how to analyze and coordinate new office and retail offers from potential tenants by supporting the development team with the process.
Learn about the administration of preparing monthly draw packages by supporting the development team with the process.
As a learning opportunity, attend meetings related to the development of local projects including design, leasing, marketing and public relations.
Attend meetings to attempt to understand how the team and third-party professionals (i.e. development, design, financing, leasing, and construction teams) formulate strategies and resolve project management issues in order to successfully deliver a project on time and on budget.
Interact with various levels of staff and generally support the development efforts of the local project through administrative functions such as records management and meeting coordination.
Exercise due care and in accordance with company policy when accessing National’s systems and information assets, ensuring that, as appropriate, the confidentiality and privacy of data is maintained at all times.
Demonstrate commitment to National’s Sustainability Policy and best practices where feasible by incorporating environmental, social and governance dimensions in daily business activities and decision-making.
Other Duties and Responsibilities:
Strict adherence to the terms and provisions as detailed in National’s Employee Handbook.
Complete compliance with National’s Regulatory Compliance Manual, Code of Ethics and underlying compliance policies and procedures.
Work Environment:
This job primarily operates in a clerical, office setting. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers and filing cabinets. This is a largely a sedentary role; however, while performing the duties of this job, the employee may inspect the project and may be exposed to ongoing construction and various weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment may range from moderate to loud. The employee may regularly sit, talk and/or hear, reach with hands and arms and occasionally balance, stoop and kneel.
No travel is required in this position.
This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by this employee. This description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions and nothing in this herein restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The employee in this position will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other duties requested by his or her supervisor.

The work environment and physical demand characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at National will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. National does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Qualifications:
Successful completion of undergraduate level coursework in real estate, finance, economics, mathematics, or accounting; enrollment in an accredited undergraduate program preferred, maintaining a minimum of 3.0 GPA.
No prior commercial real estate, development, real estate, architecture, or urban planning experience is required, but self-motivation and a proactive demonstration of initiative to maximize “on-the-job” training opportunities and the aptitude to acquire this specialized knowledge and skill set is required.
Must be highly detailed and possess excellent financial, mathematical and statistical skills and can often work with complex databases and/or quantitative tools with proficiency and accuracy for extended periods of time. Must have a strong work ethic and remain committed to meeting deadlines.
Have the ability to exhibit solid analytical and critical thinking skills and effective verbal and written communication; have the ability to attempt to understand and appropriately articulate financial considerations, market demand, project feasibility, financing, and environmental considerations related to sound investments after a normal orientation period.
Must be able to interact professionally with colleagues and multi-task, in a fast-paced, complex working environment.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite programs and specifically intermediate knowledge of Excel is required; knowledge of real estate analysis software such as Argus is preferred, in addition to Word, Excel, Power Point and Outlook.
