How will you make an impact?

The Business Analyst III is responsible for ensuring that business and technology needs are properly documented, analyzed and aligned relating to a wide variety of systems including LIMS, Inventory Management Systems, and more. The Business Analyst III bridges the gaps in understanding between IT and business function needs by combining business relationship management skillsets with solution architecture.

What will you do?

Participate in the development, implementation, installation, and testing of applications software. Analyze user project proposals to include identifying potential problem areas and recommend optimum approaches for project path. Contribute through code/algorithm development and other means, for the development of tools and interfaces between application programs and for the development of debugging programs. Investigate user problems and needs, identify their source, and determine possible solutions. Provide system level support for applications. Investigate, recommend and install new applications. Maintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed by the network. Document programming problems and resolutions for future reference. Participate in the development of training materials and assist in conducting training and workshops in parallel processing and use of large computer systems.

How will you get here?

Education:
A Bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems, Business, Marketing, Finance, Economics, Supply Chain or related field; MBA, CPA or PPM preferred
Minimum Requirements:
5-7 years of broad-based IT experience that includes hands on responsibilities within a major, multi-unit company; multi-national experience preferred
Implementation experience with any of the following: LIMS, Inventory Management Systems, CRM Systems, Finance Systems e.g. ERP.
Exposure to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), or healthcare industry experience (i.e. clinical) preferred
Ability to work autonomously with minimal direction; a bias for action and perseverance
Excellent presentation and communication skills, both written and verbal
Significant experience with as many of the following: Transportation Management Systems, Warehouse Management Systems, EDI/XML, Customs Brokerage Systems, Integration Tools, SharePoint, and Financial Systems.
.NET, Web, and Java development skills.
MS SQL Server and SQL Reporting Services skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Travel (0-25%, includes global travel)
