Be Human. Be Accountable. Be Better.

Our Approach

Lloyd is a fast-growing, fun to work for, technology services firm founded to create opportunities to earn, learn and live better. Our commitment to our clients is to humanize their technology experience, freeing them to build their businesses by taking the headaches out of technology. If you love interacting with people, thrive on learning new things, and are up for the challenge, we offer the opportunity of a lifetime, with salary and benefits too!

Who We Need

The essence of the Lloyd brand is the extraordinary individual, the Lloydian. Today we are seeking a Level 2 Help Desk Analyst with financial services experience. You'll be part of a team that provides best-in-class support for over 6,800 people across over 150 successful organizations. Our service delivery values garnered us a spot in the top 100 managed services providers, globally and made us a 6 time Inc. 500 | 5000 honoree. People dont join Lloyd to play it safe. They join Lloyd to be challenged and embark on a career that offers unbelievable opportunity.

Responsibilities
Use expertise to research and resolve level 1 and 2 technical issues via incident management procedures (ITIL based) with proper communication and documentation
Communicate features and facilitate improvements to maximize productivity
Perform proactive network health evaluations
Ensure Lloyd has updated network documentation needed to provide best-in-class support
Participate in rotating on-call schedules so that our clients can depend on us 24/7 to meet their business needs
Complete hardware rebuilds as deemed necessary by troubleshooting procedures
Help with implementation of new network components as part of project assignments (network and workstation)
Communicate with the team and client, ensuring accountability is clear and expectations are always set
Criteria for Success
Bachelors degree, preferably in Computer Science, CIS, MIS, or IT
2-4 years of experience in desk side support, junior systems administration, and/or junior network administration
Experience using ConnectWise or a similar ticketing system
All-star verbal and written communication skills
A desire to be a Lloydian & develop lasting relationships in our community
Client focus with an ability to maintain relationships and resolve client conflicts
Detail oriented; follow established policies and procedures
Technical Expertise
Microsoft Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2012
VMware and Hyper V in multiple host environments
Bloomberg Terminal, REdi Plus, Goldman
Microsoft Active Directory
Blackberry Enterprise Server
Experience with Compellent (Dell) SAN or equivalent
Kaseya and ConnectWise experience a plus
Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8
Microsoft Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010
Microsoft SQL 2005, 2008
Microsoft Office 2003,2007, 2010
Hardware: Printers, Workstations, Servers, Routers, Switches, and Firewalls
Strong understanding of networking and routing
Software: Antivirus and Antimalware Software
TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, WAN, LAN, VoIP, WLAN
Mac experience preferred
Changing the Game

Lloyd gives small and mid-sized businesses something theyve never had before: personalized enterprise level IT strategy and support. Unlike typical IT outsourcing firms who provide cookie-cutter, anonymous tech support for any business at a monthly fee, Lloyd Group delivers fully customized lifecycle IT strategy and support with professionals who become de facto members of your organization. And we dont stop at just managing your technology we show you how to compete more effectively in your particular marketplace. We create harmony between your technology and your business. Nobody serves outsourced IT and consulting services to small and mid-sized companies better than we do.

Powered by JazzHR
