Contractor - Energy Efficiency & Customer Programs Analyst
Contract Length - 2 - 2.5 years

Develop all program specific reporting materials to ensure PGW compliance with PA Utility Commission orders; prepare analyses and documentation for annual plans and progress reports filed with the PUC.
Coordinate day to day activities of contractors to ensure program compliance with contractual requirements, program requirements, and applicable regulations.
Assist in developing partnerships with relevant external stakeholders and programs to provide more comprehensive energy-efficiency and customer services to PGW’s residential customers.
Lead the Request for Proposal (RFP) processes for externally sourced functions.
Oversee program and contractor evaluations; prepare, analyze and report on findings making appropriate recommendations for program improvements
Administers policies and procedures that define the key indicators for determining eligibility for PGW’s energy efficiency programs.
Prepare, analyze and report on findings making appropriate recommendations for program improvements.
Keep abreast of changes in federal, state and local regulations and recommend changes/updates for policies & procedures in order to ensure the program remains in compliance operating in an efficient and effective manner.
Research and implement emerging residential customer satisfaction concepts/programs and utility best practices to anticipate and meet customer needs.
Perform other special projects and assignments as requested.

Bachelor's degree in Public Policy, Business Administration, Environmental Studies, Architecture or other related fields of study. Other fields of study will be accepted with appropriate experience. Advanced degree preferred.
Strong presentation skills and the ability to present both large and small groups.
Client relationship management experience with the ability to build and maintain client and industry relationships.
1 to 3 years of directly related experience working with the utility industry; experience with energy-efficiency improvement work in the residential and/or commercial sectors is strongly preferred.
Must have interpersonal skills with the ability to negotiate and influence others in the best interest of PGW while maintaining professional effective business relationships
Advanced proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office
Strong problem solving and analytical skills with the ability to develop creative solutions on the spot.
Self-starter with the ability to work independently and exercise sound business judgment, with limited supervision.
Strong leadership, verbal, written and interpersonal skills
Excellent organizational management skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and usually under short deadlines
PA License and clean driving record
