Required Skills Set:

Years of Experience: 5-7

Education Required: Bachelors Degree or Equivalent Work Experience
Experience working with all digital channels, including web, mobile, apps and social media required
Experience working with BPM service development and Web Service integration.
Experience working with Elastic Path, AWS and other cloud Ecommerce Platforms
Experience with applications using Docker and Kubernetes
Experience working in Java Sprint Framework experience
Experience working with Apache Solr and Apache Shiro
Experience working with ActiveMQ and other JMS to integrate
Heavy experience working with hypermedia APIs and integrating front end platforms with them
Additional Required Skills:
Certifications (CBAP, PMP)
Project Description:

The Technical Business Analyst is responsible for creating technical specifications designed to deliver an amazing product and a groundbreaking customer experience. As a subject matter expert in: functionality, systems architecture & systems integration; API design, webservices & technologies; Agile principles & scrum ceremonies; Jira & Confluence tools, you play an essential role and have responsibilities in the planning, requirements, design, development, testing, implementation, and post production support of the product and services.

Core Responsibilities:

1. Define and document system specification artifacts that include,
User stories & traceability to requirements
API interactions documentation with user interface & System APIs
Digital Workflows
Use Cases
Data Mapping Definitions
Sequence Diagrams
Call Flows
2. Work with users to develop acceptance criteria for the system/application.

3. Mentor developers on how things work in the business domain. Assume the role of "Product Owners

4. Wear different hats: designer, tester, facilitator, product owner, etc

5. Create a shared understanding of what the product is supposed to do.

Physical Environment and Working Conditions:

Must be able to work on site in Philadelphia after coronavirus restrictions are lifted

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $57,461.00 - $102,553.00 per year
