LOC_1300_MKT-Wanamaker Building Req ID: 56801

Shift: Days

Employment Status: Regular - Full Time
Job Summary
Important Notice: Thank you for your interest in the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment process for this position has been placed ON HOLD. If you would still like to be considered for the role, you may apply to this position. When the status of the position returns to active and if your resume is selected for review, the recruiter will reach out. Thank you for considering CHOP. Our appreciation is sincere, knowing your talent is very valued.

The Identity and Access Management (IAM) team is seeking an experienced Business Analyst/Architect who can strategize, design, and implement effective IAM business solutions through research and analysis of data and business processes. Prior experience with identity management required, including a strong background in access management (federations, SSO, two-factor, self-service password reset), identity governance (account provisioning, managing identities, attestations, connectors and workflows), and privileged access management. Experience with Oracle Identity products (OIM, OAM), Active Directory, and SQL is a plus. A person in this position will be required to work with teams throughout the organization to capture requirements and understand strategic business needs, as well as working alongside the IAM team to support advanced system configuration changes and maintenance required for the application lifecycle.
Job Responsibilities
Performs routine operational support, maintenance and system configuration as defined in departmental operating procedures.
Identifies, analyzes and resolves data and complex workflow solutions and issues of intermediate complexity. Demonstrates ability to diagnose and resolve business issues and to recommend areas for process improvement or innovation.
Adept at working on multiple concurrent projects with nominal supervision, capable of educating, coaching, and overseeing the activities of less experienced staff and other team members.
Attends specific client-based meetings and directs the communication of client needs to the appropriate support/service groups.
Works directly with and provides oversight to clients, internal and external, to elicit, analyze and document business and functional requirements through requirements workshops, interviews or meeting sessions with Project Sponsors, SMEs and other Stakeholders to diagnose and resolve complex technical, management, and business issues.Identify and document business and technical requirements using standard templates
Participates in the development, validation and execution of comprehensive test plans.
Monitors effectiveness of current business practices and identifies areas for improvement/innovation. Has exceptional skills and expertise of business processes, and IT systems.Is an expert on business unit operations and business need for IT solutions
Performs 24/7 on call support if applicable.
Exhibits strong facilitation and communication skills and interacts with all hospital medical, technical and business personnel.
May be required to travel to/from and work in the various CHOP locations, including patient care areas.
May be required to travel for mandatory certifications.
May be designated a “Health Care Worker”
May be required to represent I.S. and/or present to various Hospital Clinical and/or Operations committees.
Required Education and Experience
Certifications commensurate with job role
Required Education: Bachelors of/in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or other Health Care related field

Required Experience: Relevant experience (>5 years) within a healthcare environment. Relevant Information Systems analyst experience (>5 years)
Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic
Excellent communication and teamwork skills including conflict resolution
Advanced critical thinking, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
Proficient skills in Microsoft Office products.
Ability to facilitate meetings with senior leaders and cross functional groups
Advanced documentation skills
Mentoring and teaching of staff
Demonstrated ability to build relationships and work collaboratively.
Knowledge of Business Analyst Best practices
Additional Technical Requirements

All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer).

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions.

CHOP Careers Contact

Talent Acquisition

2716 South Street, 6th Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19146

Phone: 866-820-9288

Email:TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
