Business Analyst

About the Role
This role is a technical role where the analyst will be responsible for creating the Business Requirements Documents for reports and dashboards. This person must have an understanding of data warehousing concepts, market leading business intelligence capabilities and good report design. Key responsibilities for the Business Analyst include:
Understand business concepts and translate them into report and dashboard requirements through creating Business Requirement Documents
Identifying and interpreting patterns within reports and dashboards
Writing SQL queries to query the data warehouse and find the necessary data the user is requesting
Work closely with business partners to capture their requirements, write the Business Requirements Document and obtain sign off for the BRDs.
Work closely with the data modelers, data engineers, report developers and QA team to ensure that the reports and dashboards contain accurate and complete data.
About You
Ideal characteristics in a candidate include:
Exceptional analytical skills
Strong oral and written communications skills,
Meticulous and detail-oriented
Must be a problem solver, critical thinker, self-motivated and possess integrity and a strong work ethic
Must be able to ask deeper questions, not just be an order-taker
Ability to work independently on concurrent tasks and adhere to deadlines
Ability to easily adapt to changing priorities
Ability to meet high expectations for precision and accuracy
High degree of initiative and intellectual curiosity
Required qualifications from an ideal candidate are:
3+ years' experience performing business analysis in a data warehouse, data mart, or business intelligence environment
Deep knowledge of database structures, normalization and de-normalization
Deep knowledge of data warehouse concepts
Deep knowledge of enterprise reporting tool capabilities. Preferably MicroStrategy
Strong report design skills
Ability to work both independently as well as a team
Ability to communicate highly technical concepts in business terms
Experience working in an Agile environment
Experience in a financial services industry preferred
For more information please contact Janice DiCicco at 860-979-0912 or jdicicco@itechsolutions.com

Since 1995, iTech Solutions Inc., has been providing IT Consulting and Direct Hire Services to the Insurance, Financial, Communications, Manufacturing and Government sectors with local offices in Connecticut, Minnesota, Colorado, Massachusetts, Tennessee, North Carolina, and New Jersey / Pennsylvania area.

Our recruiting strategy is simple, if you want to find qualified IT professionals then use IT professionals to find them. So at iTech Solutions, our personnel are all career IT professionals with a wide range of IT experience. We can honestly say our staff understands the technologies, the complexities of finding and selecting the appropriate personnel and the pressures of running successful IT projects.

Employer will not sponsor applicants for any employment visas, at hiring or in the future, including but not limited to H-1B visas. Corp-to-Corp or subcontract personnel will not be considered for this position.
