Meradia specializes in providing strategic advisory and implementation services to the investment management industry. We help our clients improve their results through a unique combination of technical expertise, experience, and a passionate commitment to our clients’ success.
Our consultants’ diverse platform experience, breadth of knowledge, and collective expertise provide the insight needed to help solve client challenges and ensure project success. Since 1997, we have focused on assisting clients in succeeding while building a reputation for surpassing goals and exceeding expectations. From start to finish, your success is more important than our own. Whether starting a new initiative, upgrading an application, or getting your project back on track, we supply the resources, knowledge, and experience to drive change and deliver desired results.
Meradia, a leader in Financial consulting and investment software, is seeking a Business Analyst.
REQUIREMENTS
Analyze business requirements by validating logic, feasibility and testing assumptions and make actionable for development.
Provide functional guidance to the client through the successful development and integration of new systems.
Provide clients with research and insight relating to software applications and technology, operations processing, reporting, and performance measurement.
Develop and maintain project plans, status memos, procedural and operational documentation.
SKILLS & ABILITIES
Experience designing, developing and implementing technology solutions in the investment services industry.
Experience working in or managing systems implementation and development projects that impact multiple departments.
Proven record of analyzing business processes and developing practical solutions that drive efficiency, improve client service, and reduce risk.
Ability to assess and document business needs: systems, data, integration, workflows, output, and the economic impact of each.
Strong analytical and business skills.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE
Strong functional, technical, and operational expertise of the investment management industry.
Fundamental knowledge of front, middle, and back-office operations in investment management organization, with a strong understanding of institutional client reporting.
Strong knowledge of a broad range of investment management products, including US and global equities, fixed income, and derivative products.
Understanding of multi-currency portfolio accounting.
Experience writing business requirements, functional requirements and test plans.
Basic knowledge of SQL preferred.
MBA, CFA charter holder or candidate, CIPM designee, or candidate is strongly preferred.
Willingness to travel is required.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience. Specialty: Economics, Finance, Accounting, or Management. (Preferred)
5+ years of relevant marketing industry experience
Prior experience in Investment Management or Consulting is required
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $61,603.00 - $160,895.00 per year
Experience:
business analysis: 5 years (Required)
Back Office/Operations: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
50% (Required)
Application Question:
Please describe your approach and philosophy to a new project? Please elaborate.
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.Meradia.com
