Overview

SIG is hiring a Technical Business Analyst - Tax Systems to administer, support and evolve our Global Accounting, Tax & Financial Systems. As a part of the Corporate Systems team, you will lead projects that include upgrades and enhancements to existing platforms as well as the opportunity to work directly with end users on all-new applications and process improvements. You will have the freedom to think outside the box with the ability to customize or build solutions that will directly impact the usability of the systems to meet business needs.

If you join us, you will:
Leverage your knowledge of Financial systems and regulations to provide ad-hoc analysis, systemic support and development/implementation of new functionality across our General Ledger, AP, Fixed Assets and Procurement / Inventory systems
Manage the development and support of home-grown applications created to meet unique and evolving business requests.
Build integrations with other systems (both third party and internally developed) in order to streamline and improve business processes
You’ll design, manage and implement solutions such as
Developing web applications to expedite State Apportionment and M-1 Adjustment processes for monthly and annual Tax reporting.
Collaborating with Tax and Accounting stakeholders to streamline fixed asset reporting processes for US and International entities.
Expanding all modules within SIG’s Financial Systems including the General Ledger, AP, Fixed Assets and Procurement internationally
Directly influencing plans related to future systemic upgrades/enhancements
What we're looking for
Bachelors degree in Business Administration (specialization in Accounting or Finance preferred), or a related technical discipline required
Minimum of 3 years of experience providing application implementation and support services to end users or working within or in support of finance &/or accounting domains & their associated systems required
Prior experience supporting accounting users or working within an accounting role a strong plus
Strong Project Management skills and proven history of great communications with stakeholders across various levels of the organization.
Strong SQL & T-SQL Skills
Experience with SSIS, DTS, Informatica, Scribe or other integration enabling tools a plus
Experience with BI Reporting Platforms (i.e. Qlikview) and/or Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services a plus
We don’t post salary ranges externally so any salary estimate you see listed here was not provided by SIG and may not be accurate.

SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by SIG.
