STRATEGIC STAFFING SOLUTIONS HAS AN OPENING! Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) prides itself on being an international IT Staffing and Solutions Company with 28 years' experience recruiting and managing exceptional IT and Business consultants for customers in the Financial, Energy, Public Sector and Retail Distribution industries. A privately held, financially strong, woman-owned company, S3 is a full service IT firm, with 24 major market locations in the U.S! Job Title Data Analyst Location Philadelphia, Pennsylvania W2 ONLY C2C1099 NOT ALLOWED To apply Please email your resume in Word Format to Bruce Wallace at bwallacestrategicstaff.com and Reference Job Order 159587 or Click the Apply Button. Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) is currently looking for a Data Analyst for a contract opening with one of our Fortune 500 Financial clients located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Description Analyze data from a particular business domain and define how best to organize it in support of Group's cloud data architecture runway Work with stakeholders to understand the domain's functional and data requirements Work with stakeholders to identify use cases for data consumption Support Data Architecture by rationalizing redundant data and developing the approach building out the Group cloud data-warehouse and analytics platforms Support broader architecture teams in defining a business domain's master data management approach Define and document the Data Lineage for a business domain Skills 7+ years of experience working in the Data or Systems Analysis field Strong SQL skills and knowledge of various database types and technologies Familiarity with relevant data-related AWS services (S3, Athena, Redshift, Glue, etc..) Knowledge and Experience working in a Scaled Agile Framework Excellent collaboration and teamwork skills Excellent writtenverbal communications Education Bachelors or higher in relevant field WE OFFER A REFERRAL INCENTIVE FOR ANYONE REFERRED HIRED WITH S3! Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3), based in Detroit, Michigan, prides itself on being an international, woman-owned, 260 million IT and Business Services Corporation. We are ranked 16th among the largest staffing firms in the US by Staffing Industry Report and are one of five companies nationally certified as a Charter Partner with Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 provides IT consulting, customized project solutions, vendor management programs and executive search services to financial institutions, insurance, energy, oilgas, telecommunication, government, retail and health care industries worldwide. We have more than 2,700 consultants and 31 offices in the US and Europe.S3 is also proud to be nationally recognized as both a Military Friendly and Military Spouse Friendly Employer. As an S3 employee, you're eligible for a full benefits package which may include Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401(k) Plan, Vacation Package, Life Disability Insurance Plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, and Tuition Reimbursement. The global mission of S3 is to build trusting relationships and deliver solutions that positively impact our customers, our consultants, and our communities. The four pillars of our company are to Set the bar high for what a company should do, Create jobs, Offer people an opportunity to succeed and change their station in life, and improve the communities where we live and work through volunteering and charitable giving. Strategic Staffing Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer D1-BW
