The Business Support Analyst's main responsibility is to work side by side with the Business Support Manager to focus and align the Home DDGS Strategies and Workflow.

Job Description Details

Responsibility Summary:
Maintain T&A Calendar
Analyze agent and factory item-level costing vs. targets
Track agent and factory performance against established KPIs
Track agent and factory allocation against plan
Help maintain records of all milestone activities, QA processes and approvals
Coordinate the sending and receiving of samples
Help with the coordination and organization of the Showcases
Prepare materials for agent business review meetings in partnership with PD team
Key Accountabilities:
Creation of area’s T&A’s specific to each business and ownership of collaboration across roles as to strategic and tactical dates to ensure timely production and quality product.
Through constant communication and working within the processes that we have in place, ensure that suppliers adhere to a T&A calendar. Review all costing data for accuracy. Challenge costings to meet Merchant's target prices while maintaining quality standard
Track Agent and Factory Performance. Create bi Annual Vendor Report Cards.
Review all costing data for accuracy. Challenge costings to meet Merchant's target prices while maintaining quality standard
Participate in Vendor On-boarding Train each new agent and/or office in QVC systems and procedures.
Define and address problems, issues and concerns that impact the operations. Collaboratively update appropriate team members.
Increase ongoing collaboration with support teams within QVC, including QA, Supply Chain, Vendor Relations and Legal.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum of three years business experience in retail environment.
Or minimum of 2 years of direct sourced experience in the home classifications
Creative, forward thinking
Business analytical skills
Product expertise
Ability to work under pressure to meet strict deadlines and goals
Ability to prioritize and quickly change priorities as the business changes
Product development experience and knowledge across multiple home classifications
Business Knowledge-Home
Strong communication skills
Strong presentation skills
Ability to influence within and across enterprise complexity
Understanding of relevant design systems such as PLM
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Ability to travel both domestically and internationally.
About QVC, Inc

QVC, Inc., exceeds the expectations of everyone we touch by delivering the joy of discovery through the power of relationships. Every day, in nine countries, QVC engages millions of shoppers in a journey of discovery through an ever-changing collection of familiar brands and fresh new products, from home and fashion to beauty, electronics and jewelry. Along the way, we connect shoppers to interesting personalities, engaging stories, and award winning customer service. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has more than 17,000 employees and has retail operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, France, and through a joint venture in China. Worldwide, QVC engages shoppers on 14 broadcast networks reaching approximately 370 million homes, seven websites, and 220 social pages. Visit corporate.qvc.com to learn more.

QVC, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, Inc. (NASDAQ : QRTEA, QRTEB), which includes QVC, HSN, zulily and the Cornerstone brands (collectively, \"Qurate Retail Group\"), as well as other minority investments. Qurate Retail Group believes in a third way to shop -- beyond transactional ecommerce or traditional brick-and-mortar stores -- and is #1 in video commerce,#3 in ecommerce in North America and #3 in mobile commerce in the U.S. (according to Internet Retailer). For more information, visit www.qurateretailgroup.com. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc.

EEO

As an equal opportunity employer, Qurate Retail Group is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.

Click Apply and log in with your existing account or create an account. This will allow you to check the status of your application at any time and receive the most up to date communications from our Talent Acquisition team.
