Your Career Begins at Timken
If you're ready for a challenging career that provides you with the ability to advance personally and professionally, look to Timken. Our associates make the world more productive by improving the efficiency and reliability of the machinery that keeps industry in motion.

Timken Gears and Services' Philadelphia Gear brand has a current opening for a Principal Quality Analyst position. The Principal Quality Analyst is responsible the implementation, maintenance, compliance and improvement of the Timken Power Systems (TPS) Quality Management System (QMS). In addition, this position is to support the quality improvement activities in all areas of TPS including quality planning, training and ISO Certification / Administration.

Essential Responsibilities:
Complete tasks required to maintain ISO 9001 Multi-site Certification, including the planning and execution of any required internal audits.
Maintain quality and process improvement tools in all areas of TPS to achieve company and department objectives set annually.
Serve as technical resource for development and improvement of quality systems and procedures.
Support Customer Service & Sales in specification review & quoting, as needed.
Oversee the execution of the tasks required to maintain Philadelphia Gear QMS compliance, including the planning and execution of any required RSC internal audits.
Support TPS in Specification review & Customer Audits/Surveys, as needed.
Serve as TPS wide resource in specific areas of expertise.
Conduct or coordinate ongoing Quality Awareness Training plant-wid
Key Attributes:
Ability to effectively communicate ideas and concepts to all levels of the organization.
A strong leader capable of directing individuals/ teams through prolific Root Cause Analysis, Trouble-Shooting and Corrective Action exercises.
Strategic thinker capable of foreseeing potential high risk opportunities.
Systematic planner capable of successfully formulating and facilitating action plans to support improvement and/or remediate issues.
Basic Qualifications:
7+ years' experience in quality and ISO 9001 systems.
ASQ Auditor Certification preferred.
Bachelor's degree in related field required.
All qualified applicants shall be treated equally according to their individual qualifications, abilities, experiences and other employment standards. There will be no discrimination due to gender or gender identity, race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran/military status or any other basis protected by applicable law.
