Position Overview
At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a Business Systems Analyst Senior within PNC's Float Management organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA or Philadelphia, PA.

Preferred skills for this position would be float management experience, and prior banking knowledge/experience.

Job Description
Participates in analyzing business requirements and production specifications for changes made to technology applications.
Formulates and defines the system scope and objectives, based on user needs and business processes .
Directs business process improvement projects for internal business groups, aiming to improve business results .
Identifies and documents all system constraints, implications and consequences of various proposed system changes .
Provides recommendations for addressing and resolving business issues, for a specific business group .
PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:
Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.
Competencies
Business Assessment – Knowledge of the activities, tasks, practices and deliverables for assessing and documenting business opportunities; ability to assess the benefits, risks, and success factors of potential applications.Business Process Modeling – Knowledge of the activities, tasks, deliverables and techniques for documenting current business processes; ability to identify problems, opportunities, and re-engineering processes for improvement.IT Environment – Knowledge of an organization's IT purposes, activities and standards; ability to create an effective IT environment for business operations.IT Project Management – Knowledge of and the ability to plan, organize, monitor and control IT projects ensuring the utilization of technical resources to better achieve project objectives.Requirements Analysis – Knowledge of methods and techniques to elicit, analyze and record required business functionality and non-functionality requirements; ability to analyze these requirements to ensure the success of a system or software development project.Technical Writing/Documentation – Knowledge of the technical language and writing approach, and the ability to write paper-based and on-line technical reference documentation (guidelines, standards, procedures, processes, applications, etc.)Workflow Analysis – Knowledge of and ability to manage IT work activities, processes and progress within a system to improve organizational efficiency and effectiveness.
Work Experience
Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 2+ years of relevant professional experience. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered.
Education
Bachelors

Disability Accommodations Statement:

The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.

The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):

PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.
