Company Description

ProPharma Group is an industry leading, single source provider for regulatory compliance, pharmacovigilance, and medical information services across the full development lifecycle for pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies. Operating around the world with offices in Australia, Canada, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Sweden, United Kingdom, and the United States, ProPharma Group’s fully integrated service offerings will provide clients with a comprehensive suite of global support services that are required to be competitive in today’s dynamic markets. We build successful long-term relationships with clients by providing leading industry knowledge, experience, and proven processes.

Job Description

The Business Development Analyst is responsible for pipeline and sales analysis and reporting in support of leadership decision making. Additionally, this position is responsible for supporting ongoing CRM improvements, the Business Development SharePoint site, and acting as a focal point for major sales pitches.

Essential Functions Include:
Track and report on Business Development KPIs.
Produce monthly sales and pipeline reports for the Executive Committee, Board of Directors, and others (as needed).
Establish and maintain standard pipeline and sales reports.
Fulfill ad-hoc pipeline and sales analysis / report requests.
Participate as a member of the CRM Governance Committee.
Capture meeting minutes and track action items from recurring sales meetings.
Understand CRM user requirements and document changes for technical service owner of CRM.
Liaise with CRM technical service owner on complex requests and ongoing CRM improvements.
Create graphics and dashboards utilizing CRM data and data from other sources.
Manage and maintain global Business Development SharePoint content with input from the team.
Act as a central coordination point for major sales pitches (i.e., scheduling, notes, action items, and next steps).
Other duties, as assigned.
Qualifications

Qualified candidates must have:
Minimum of 1-2 years of data analysis experience.
Sales support or CRM experience preferred.
Bachelor’s degree in business administration and/or life science-related field.
Technical skills: data analysis, data visualization, data normalization, and data management.
Intermediate to advanced Excel skills.
Problem-solving ability.
Detail-oriented, conscientious, and organized.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Ability to effectively participate in meetings with leadership.
Ability to exercise judgment, maintain confidentiality, and act in a diplomatic manner.
Ability to work extended hours, weekends, and holidays pursuant to industry demands.
Additional Information
All candidates must be legally eligible to work in the United States.
We are an equal opportunity employer. M/F/D/V
***ProPharma Group does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters/third parties. Please, no phone calls or emails to anyone regarding this posting.***
