Job Description The recently established U.S. Consumer Bank organization delivers a wide array of banking, payments, lending and investment services to individual consumers and small businesses. Our products and services cover a wide range of client banking needs including credit cards, basic banking, mortgages and investment advisory services. To deliver on our brand promise, we must operate as a truly client-centric organization, driving a high tech, high touch experience for the full Citi relationship, particularly in the U.S. To do so, we have aligned our structure with our strategy, to ensure we win in the U.S., our largest market, and drive greater client-centricity across product, segment and geography. The newly formed U.S. Consumer Analytics (USCA) team, which unifies Cards, Retail Bank, and Digital analytics, will collaborate with the digital delivery, marketing, technology and product teams, to scale this data driven strategy. USCA will drive best-in-class digital analytical sophistication that ingests real-time data, and engages prospective and current customers in a contextual, personalized manner powered by advanced analytics insights. The Business Analytics Ld Analyst is a strategic professional who stays abreast of developments within own field and contributes to directional strategy by considering their application in own job and the business. Recognized technical authority for an area within the business. Requires basic commercial awareness. There are typically multiple people within the business that provide the same level of subject matter expertise. Developed communication and diplomacy skills are required in order to guide, influence and convince others, in particular colleagues in other areas and occasional external customers. Significant impact on the area through complex deliverables. Provides advice and counsel related to the technology or operations of the business. Work impacts an entire area, which eventually affects the overall performance and effectiveness of the sub-function/job family. Responsibilities: Gathers operational data from various cross functional stakeholders to examine past business performance and recommend revenue enhancements Identifies data patterns & trends, and provides insights to enhance business decision making capability in business planning and profitability, process improvement, solution assessment, etc. Recommends actions for future developments & strategic business opportunities, as well as enhancements to operational policies May be involved in exploratory data analysis, confirmatory data analysis and/or qualitative analysis Translate data into consumer or customer behavioral insights to drive targeting and segmentation strategies, and communicate clearly and effectively to business partners and senior leaders all findings Continuously improve processes and strategies by exploring and evaluating new data sources, tools, and capabilities Work closely with internal and external business partners in building, implementing, tracking and improving decision strategies Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 5+ years of analytical work experience in financial services strongly preferred, credit card and/or retail bank Experience with P&L management, financial analysis and data manipulation techniques, ideally SAS and/or SQL Superb ability in strategic thinking and the ability to frame business problems Strong analytical, technical and/or statistical skills with proven ability to translate large volumes of data into meaningful information and actions A strong collaborator with a demonstrated ability to influence broadly and challenge conventional thinking. An influencer who communicates clearly and frequently to both technical analysts and non-technical business leaders Excellent communication skills and ability to work with senior management required Education: Bachelor or Masters degree in the following field but not limited to: Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Mathematics) This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
