The safety and security of CSC’s current and prospective employees, customers, and the communities we serve are our first priority.

Due to coronavirus (COVID-19) concerns, we have transitioned to virtual interviews for the foreseeable future. We look forward to all upcoming video and phone interview conversations with our prospective candidates.

We are always in search of top talent to join the CSC family. If you are looking for a career change, don’t hesitate to apply or reach out to us. We’ll have virtual interactions until we are able to move forward again with in-person interactions.

Technical Business Analyst
Wilmington, DE

We are looking for talented individuals to join our team working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment that encourages collaboration, participation and creative thinking. At CSC, Technical Business Analysts are members of an agile development team that delivers IT solutions to support business objectives. Technical Business Analysts are empowered, decisive, communicative, tech-savvy, and highly available to their teams. We are focused on building reusable services that can be leveraged by multiple development teams, to communicate with customers and manage documents across various stages of interaction.

Some of the things you will be doing:
● Work with the Technical Product Owner to create and maintain a backlog and roadmap.
● Develop user stories, process diagrams, and other models to clarify the desired solutions.
● Consolidate ideas and feedback from multiple business stakeholders and serve as the single authoritative source for product direction for the development team.
● Facilitate grooming sessions to estimate and refine stories.
● Work within the development team to implement, test, and deliver the solutions you have defined.
● Communicate with and train stakeholders to ensure successful adoption of these solutions.
● Perform other duties as requested and assigned.

What technical skills, experience and qualifications do I need?
● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field
● Minimum of 5 years’ experience performing business analysis for technology applications
● Exceptional interpersonal and negotiation skills with the ability to communicate effectively with technical staff, non-technical staff, all levels of management, and clients.
● Detail-oriented and highly organized with outstanding problem-solving skills.
● Comfort with working in a fast-paced, changing environment.
● Experience with Scrum (or another agile methodology)
● Expertise with agile project management software (Version 1, Rally, Jira)
● Experience with Visio is a plus
● CSM or CSPO certification a plus
