Job Description
Product Owner

The Product Owner will contribute to the development and implementation of new products and capabilities that meet requirements. Accountable for successful development, integration and launch of new products and solutions. The Product Owner will develop and maintain a vision for the product and is responsible for communicating that vision to the technical and operations teams, as well providing the key stakeholders with updated status and progress.
Develop and maintain an appropriately prioritized backlog of user stories for implementation.
Work with development teams and technical leads to determine scope and priorities for product development cycles.
Work with development and operational teams to ensure that they understand the vision for the product.
Develop appropriately detailed specifications for product features so that they are clearly understood by the development teams.
Inspire and motivate the development teams to deliver innovative and exciting solutions with an appropriate sense of urgency.
Ensure both quality and functional goals are met with each sprint.
Work with product marketing on product and launch materials for new and refreshed products.
Work with QA and analyze data and test results to ensure integrity is maintained throughout program lifecycle and ensure market and business needs are satisfied.
The role will involve hands on work in terms of writing functional stories, acceptance criteria, testing and analysis and will follow Agile ceremonies (Release Planning, Sprint planning/ Retro / Review, etc.) and principles throughout the product development phases.
Qualification:
Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, or related fields.
Experience in Product Management or related field
Knowledge in on any of the following technologies: JSON-based APIs, Java, .NET, AngularJS, native IOS or Android.
Worked in an Agile development environment and managing iteration-level deliverables.
Creating SQL Queries.
Product Owner Certification would be preferred.
Powered by JazzHR

NJw86SQasD
