University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Senior. Business Systems Analyst

Job Profile Title

Business Systems Analyst Senior

Job Description Summary

Applications and Information Services (AIS), a unit within Information Systems and Computing (ISC), works with University clients to plan, develop and maintain business applications and integrations. We are seeking to bring on board a Sr. Business Systems Analyst to join our Identity and Access Management Team.

Job Description

Successful candidate will work with clients to identify and document business requirements and participate in the design and development of new solutions as well as the refinement and optimization of the existing portfolio. This position will translate business needs into requirements, processes and technical specification; research, evaluate and recommend appropriate solutions. Will collaborate regularly with clients and colleagues in ISC. Apply quality assurance techniques to ensure integrity of solutions. Provide day-to-day operational support for existing solutions in the portfolio including mission critical, highly available solutions requiring on call support outside of standard business hours. Provide training for clients and ISC colleagues. May have a supervisory role that would include work breakdown, assignment and monitoring, quality assurance and input to performance evaluation for staff.Qualifications:

+ BS/BA (in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Science or related field) or equivalent combination of relevant education and experience.

Required:

+ Experience eliciting business needs from clients and transforming into requirements.

+ Experience transforming requirements into software designs and solutions; knowledge of iterative software development, including frequent software deliveries. Familiarity with agile software development/deployment practices and related methodologies.

+ Experience working with databases and strong SQL skills. Ability to review data, identify patterns and draw conclusions. Ability to deconstruct PL/SQL and other legacy code artifacts.

+ Experience developing API's, web services, and ETL for a variety of source/target data platforms such as Oracle, Postgres, MySQL, noSQL and flat files.

+ Experience with the variety of integration challenges presented in a best of breed application environment that includes a mix of custom built, 3rd party applications operating on premises, and cloud SaaS applications.

+ Experience executing all levels of testing (Unit, System, Integration, Regression.)

+ Experience working on mission critical, highly available solutions.

+ Must be a high performing self-starter who can prioritize, organize and complete multiple concurrent work assignments on schedule and with expected level of quality.

+ Must have demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively as part of a team.

+ Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Preferred:

+ Experience with Amazon Web Services

+ Experience with Identity and Access Management Systems.

+ Experience or willingness to lead a team including assignment of work, quality control and contribution to staff performance evaluation.

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Information Systems and Computing

Pay Range

$72,837.00 - $205,981.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
