Job Description
The Senior Business Analyst formulates and defines project scope based on business objectives and technology capabilities through a combination of research, fact-finding, understanding of applicable business systems and industry standards. Provides analysis of business and user needs, documents requirements, and revises existing logic as necessary. Participates in process and systems analysis and considers the business implications of the application of technology to the current business environment.

Important notes:
Requirement gathering- a must
Documentation of use cases very important
Having at least 5 years of financial domains Mortgage, banking world – 7 years overall
Passionate about Agile Scrum Methodology
User acceptance testing


Essential Job Functions:
Defines and documents customer business functions and processes.
Some PM experience helpful but looking for a Sr Technical BA
Display expertise in knowledge of (BPM) business process management platform. Understanding of (BPM) process design and execution.
Experience Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) methodologies, Waterfall and Agile methodology for Project Management.
Experience with Agile principles & scrum ceremonies; Jira & Confluence tools.
Experience with JIRA for requirements and UAT management
Ability to manage project timeline, identify risks/issues, manage stakeholder expectations and share project status updates with Management
Consults with functional unit management and personnel to identify, define and document business needs and objectives, current operational procedures, problems, input and output requirements, and levels of systems access
Acts as a liaison between departmental end-users, technical resources (architects, data analysts, developers, operation specialists), consultants and others in the analysis, design, configuration, testing and maintenance of systems to ensure optimal operational performance
Develop, document and facilitate User Acceptance Testing to ensure fulfillment of requirements and successful project implementation
Analyzes the feasibility of, and develops requirements for, new systems and enhancements to existing systems; ensures the system design fits the needs of the users.
Tracks and fully documents change for functional and business specifications; writes detailed universally understood procedures for permanent records and for use in training.
Identifies opportunities for improving business processes through information systems and/or non-system driver changes; assists in the preparation of proposals to develop new systems and/or operational changes.
Conducts change impact analysis to assess the potential implications of changes and documents business rules, functions and requirements.
Participates in QA and user acceptance testing and testing of new system functionality.
Obtains detailed, in-depth and expert knowledge of the assigned business processes and creates requirement documents for development and testing.
Consistently challenges the IT and business teams to improve all aspects of their processes.
Position Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree from a Four (4) year College or University.
5+ years of diverse financial services / mortgage banking experience preferred
Experience with Agile Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) methodologies, particularly documentation of Use Cases is preferred.
Business analysis skills are required.
Ability to interface with all levels of the business to define business and functional requirements.
Support business and IT teams, including requirements gathering and project management for new development and integration projects with little or no direction.
Strong communication skills are required.

Company Description
CSS is a National Staffing and Recruitment provider specializing in niche recruitment, placing professional talent in Accounting and Finance, Human Resources, Sales and Marketing, Call Center and Office, and Technical positions. At CSS, we consistently strive to meet the needs of our clients and candidates by understanding their expectations to produce the perfect match! We focus on the business growth plan, company culture, and the skill set of the candidate to make a highly effective match.
