Position:

Mortgage Business Analyst- AIVA Trainer

Job Description:

JOB FAMILY DESCRIPTION

Conducts various types of research and analysis to support the business operations to an internal business segment, division, group or line of business. Assists management to resolve business issues in an effective and productive manner. Designs, documents and re-engineers business processes and publishes business metric results.

AIVA Trainer, Business Analyst

We are hiring a Business Analyst to join our team. You will work alongside other business analysts and report directly to the product manager. Your main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing user acceptance testing and training our machine to perform human tasks at scale. To succeed in this role you should have a natural analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users. A major initiative that you'll have a key role in, is creating ground truth for AIVA (our machine learning virtual assistant) to train to use.

GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Improves AIVA's training models by creating ground truth-- as you and our team label the data properly, you empower AIVA to learn to label data independently in the future.
Evaluates business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions.
Stays up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems.
Performs requirements analysis. Document and communicate the results of your efforts.
Gathers critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports.
Ensures solutions meet business needs and requirements.
Performs user acceptance testing.
Maintains hands-on interaction with our virtual assistant training her to get better at predicting conclusions.
Manages projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
Updates implementing and maintaining procedures.
EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES

A Bachelor's degree or equivalent combinations of education, training and work experience.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES
An understanding of mortgages and mortgage documents is required
Strong Mortgage processing or loan closings background preferred
Knowledge of general business operations, operations, and structure analysis principles
Knowledge of Black Knight products and services preferred
Excellence in standard office software, such as MS Office (Excel, Outlook, etc.), Visio, etc
Excellent documentation, planning, organizational, and time management skills
The ability to influence stakeholders & work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions
A track record of following through on commitments
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to audiences of various levels in the organization and at client organizations (e.g., executive, management, individual contributors)
Willingly shares relevant knowledge and expertise to other resources
Excellent analytical, conceptual, decision-making, problem-solving, interpersonal, team, customer service, negotiation, conflict management and time management skills
Ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed
Ability to work independently while delivering high-quality work and meeting planned deadlines
Is resourceful and proactive in gathering information, sharing ideas, and suggesting new solutions both internally and to clients (as applicable)
JOB FAMILY LEVEL

Entry-level role. Basic skills with moderate level of proficiency. Has general understanding of principles in business analysis and process modeling. Generally performs single-function tasks that tend to be of small to moderate size and scope. Works under close to moderate supervision with limited latitude for independent judgment. Consults with senior peers on non-complex projects to learn through experience. Typically requires one-to-three years of experience in an analytical and/or problem-solving role.

Location:

Philadelphia, PA

Time Type:

Full time
