Job Title
Sr Business Analyst (US)

07-Jul-2020

TD Description
About TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank®

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com. Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at www.twitter.com/TDBank_US.

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol "TD". To learn more, visit www.td.com.

Auto req ID
274724BR

Department Overview
Position is in response to enterprise wide Wire Modernization.

Operations, Project, and industry skills / knowledge related to Wire Operations strongly preferred.

Country
United States

Job Requirements
Leads Requirements Management / work packages for Tier 3-4, low to moderate risk and regulatory projects with multiple stakeholders and across multiple LoB
Advanced to expert knowledge of business analysis, project delivery practices and standards across the project life-cycle
Gains/acquires sound to advanced understanding of business and user interaction with technology throughout project delivery
Works independently as the senior or lead business analyst and coaches and guides members within area of expertise
Identifies and leads problem resolution for complex issues at all levels
Contributes to the communication and change management activities across multiple stakeholders
Must be eligible for employment under regulatory standards applicable to the position.
Hours
Standard Business Hours

Job Description
The Sr Business Analyst plans, manages, leads and oversees the end-to-end delivery of requirements throughout the life-cycle of the project in alignment with the business and/or enterprise needs and strategies. Provides leadership and works collaboratively with stakeholders including business, technology and finance partners to support project benefits and changes to business processes, policies and systems across single or multiple Lines of Business (LoB).

Inclusiveness

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential.

If you are a candidate with a disability and need an accommodation to complete the application process, email the TD Bank US Workplace Accommodations Program at USWAPTDO@td.com . Include your full name, best way to reach you, and the accommodation needed to assist you with the application process.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Province/State
Maine, New Jersey, South Carolina

City
Lewiston, Lexington, Mount Laurel

Qualifications
Undergraduate degree required
Business Analysis Accreditation is an asset
5+ years related business analysis experience required
Domestic & International Wire (including FX) processing with focus on Operations strongly preferred
Excellent communications, problem-solving and decision making skills.
Knowledge of inbound and outbound wire payment channels including customer facing channels for Commercial, Small Business and Retail customers strongly preferred
Travel - 25% travel locally and to Canada strongly preferred

Work Location
151 Corley Mill Road, Bates Mill #3 (140 Mill Street), Mt Laurel - 6000 Atrium Way

Business Line
TD Bank AMCB

Job Category - Primary
Operations & Underwriting

Job Category(s)
Operations & Underwriting

**Province/State (Primary)
New Jersey

ProvState 2
Maine

ProvState 3
South Carolina

City (Primary)
Mount Laurel

City(s) 2
Lewiston

City(s) 3
Lexington

Job Family
Business Analysis

Time Type
Full Time

Employment Type
Regular
