Your Career Begins at Timken
If you're ready for a challenging career that provides you with the ability to advance personally and professionally, look to Timken. Our associates make the world more productive by improving the efficiency and reliability of the machinery that keeps industry in motion.

Timken Gears and Services' Philadelphia Gear brand has a current opening for a position Customer Service/Supply Chain Analyst. This position is responsible for supporting all customer-related and supply chain activities related to quoting customers and maintaining in house cost estimating tools.

Essential Responsibilities:

Generating Quotes & Purchasing
Gather, recorded and maintain material, services and process cost data in support of in house costing tools.
Support Principal Supply Chain Analyst in maintenance and continuing development of Timken Power Systems' Supply Chain Management system.
Buy and expedite service and material requirements as directed by Principal Supply Chain Analyst.
Primary Customer Support Contact
Gather cost data as directed by the Commercial Services Manager in support of particular cost build efforts, price lists and ongoing maintenance of our in house estimating tools
Gather and record cost information from historical data, supplier quotes, and internal manufacturing resources; create cost estimates and apply appropriate margins to costs to create quotes
Ensure consistent pricing is applied to all parts quotes across Timken Power Systems using history.
Generate reports as requested by managers.
Coordinates and assures timely response to all customer needs and requests.
Function in a teamwork atmosphere for all endeavors.
Key Attributes:
Strategic Thinking – Judgment and Decision Making: Makes effective decisions by considering diverse sources of information as well as the impact on the reputation of the company short-term and long-term.
Global Mindset – Global Perspective: Interacts well with people from different professional, personal, or cultural backgrounds.
Oral and Written Communication: Speaks, listens & writes so that information, ideas & issues required to implement and achieve business goals are understood for both external customers and internal colleagues.
Customer Focus: Anticipates and accurately assesses internal/external customers’ requirements and expectations.
Technical/ Functional Skills:
Strong communication skills (verbal & written) and teamwork approach
Strong analytical skills including the ability to analyze and interpret data
Skilled in all basic MS Office products and working knowledge of ERP systems (preferably Epicor)
Direct experience in supply chain responsibilities – sourcing, planning and system maintenance.
Administrative and organizational skills to manage both cost and lead-time data in support of both Supply Chain and Customer Service departments
Basic Qualifications:
5+ years’ experience in supply chain/ customer service
Bachelor Degree in a related field
All qualified applicants shall be treated equally according to their individual qualifications, abilities, experiences and other employment standards. There will be no discrimination due to gender or gender identity, race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran/military status or any other basis protected by applicable law.
