Job Title

Project Analyst

Date Posted

6/14/2020

Location

Philadelphia, PA

Position Id

EB-

Job Description

Strategic Resources, Inc. (SRI)

is an international, ISO 9001:2015 Certified, CMMI Level 3 Rated full service provider with more than 30 years' experience in the Federal, Military, and Commercial Marketplaces. SRI is seeking committed and passionate professionals to provide critical services.

Overview: The Project Analyst works with the Property Management Services (PMS) Support team for the Navy Surface Warfare Center (NSWC), Philadelphia. Working in a team environment and under the direction of the Operation Manager, the Project Analyst is responsible coordinating data and information, and prepares internal and external reports from various reporting sites to determine if the property accountability programs are effective and efficient.
Job Description: The Project Analyst is responsible for using advanced qualitative and quantitative methods to analyze the effectiveness of organizational property accountability programs and implementing study methods to evaluate the efficiency of complex program operations. In addition, the Project Analyst is responsible for drafting policies and procedures, assisting with budgeting processes, tracking, and evaluating operational and program performance, and identifying and resolving any issues. The Project Analyst also develops and establishes key reporting standards for the property accountability programs, and processes management reports and key performance indicators. In coordination with the Operation Manager, the Project Analyst works on overall project planning and formulates reports based on project scheduling and timetables for deliverables.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Provides data management and analysis for studies and maintain assigned projects.
Conducts research, analyzing data, identifying trends, and preparing reports.
Participates in strategic planning with regards to program development.
Use data sources to identify programmatic needs.
Preparing and presenting reports and recommendations.
Assists with program assessments ensuring programmatic goals are well documented.
Minimum Required Skills, Education, and Experience & Abilities:
Minimum of two (2) years as a Project Analyst, Management Analyst, or in a similar role.
Proficient in Microsoft Office software applications including Word, Excel, Access, and Outlook.
Advanced computer skills and knowledge of multiple databases and software systems.
Ability to collect and analyze complex sets of data.
Ability to work independently and with others equally. Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to communicate effectively with personnel at all levels.
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Must hold valid driver's license.
Security Clearance Requirements: Successful candidate will require an active SECRET clearance and have completed a government security investigation.

Work Conditions: Work is typically performed indoors and outdoors, motor pools, and warehouses. While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be exposed to, extreme weather conditions, loud noises, and may be required to wear protective equipment.
Physical Demands: Requires walking, lifting (45lbs), sitting, bending, standing and for extended periods of time. Candidate must be able to wear safety hat and safety shoes as required.

Status Type

Regular

Work Condition

Office Environment, Outdoors

Physical Demands

Bending, Sitting, Standing, Typing

Lifting Weight
