Job Description
Is your career in its prime? It could be!

YPrime’s Project Delivery team is looking for a Project Analyst to help support our project managers and clients throughout the various phases of our software development projects. In this role, you’ll have a diverse set of responsibilities from study kick-off and requirements gathering through maintenance of our systems being actively used during clinical trials. You’ll be based in our Malvern, PA headquarters. At YPrime, we help our clients in the pharma and biotech industries to collect data from patients using mobile devices, assign patients to study treatment groups and dispense clinical trial drugs and supplies using web apps. We’re supporting life-altering research, one project at a time.

Does our mission sound like something you can get behind? If so, here’s what we need from you:
Top notch verbal and written communication skills
A passion for customer service and prior experience working in a customer-facing role
An innate proactivity – to learn, to gather information, to anticipate problems
Comfort and skillfulness in handling a fast-paced, dynamic, sometimes ambiguous working environment
Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills
A strong sense of personal accountability
Resourcefulness
Tech-savviness
Attentiveness to details
A commitment to quality
A positive attitude
A team-oriented spirit
Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite
Have these things too? Even better!
A Bachelor’s degree
Project management experience
Foundational knowledge of the principles of a software development life cycle
Experience with SQL (querying databases)
Experience with SaaS delivery
Prior experience in the pharma/biotech or CRO industry
Prior eClinical experience, specifically in IRT, eCOA or EDC
Here are some more details about the job:
You’ll work with as part of a cross-functional project team to deliver custom software solutions that are developed to support the clinical trials process
You’ll assist in managing the project team’s tasks, timelines and milestones
You’ll ensure continuous internal communication amongst the team
You’ll help to resolve escalated team issues
You’ll assist with documentation and ensure that it’s complete and in compliance with YPrime’s standard operating procedures
You’ll assist with gathering initial system requirements and participate in internal and external review meetings
You’ll help with ad hoc testing of the systems
You’ll work to ensure client satisfaction throughout the maintenance phase of the project and lead any maintenance-related activities
You’ll back up the project manager, as needed
What are the YPrime Perks?
Uncapped paid time off
Comprehensive benefits package largely subsidized by YPrime
401(k) with company match
Flexible working arrangements with an emphasis on work/life balance
Friendly, smart, passionate and hard-working coworkers
Opportunities for professional growth and advancement
Powered by JazzHR

ng98mGRyeX
