Join Partner's Consulting, Inc. as a Financial Analyst I!

Prepares monthly network payments and accruals. Applicant is also responsible for reconciling payments and accruals while also providing financial analysis, reporting, and general support for the Program Accounting Department. Preferably is able to manage time and workload independently.

Key Accountabilities:
Tracks and analyzes key financial metrics and operational procedures to foster process improvements.
Drives operational efficiencies and cost savings.
Analyze, review, and modify large data sets using various database and querying solutions in order to be able to calculate payments and accruals, provide analytics and reporting for transactional products.
Participates in the development and utilization of financial models and analysis.
Helps to prepare budgets and forecasts as directed by Manager.
Evaluates financial risks and opportunities by creating and reviewing operational and financial metrics.
Assists with the preparation of weekly, monthly, and annual financial reports.
Researches variance to budget and forecast through detailed operational and financial metrics and explains results.
Prepares and reviews journal entries during month and year-end processes.
Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights, weekends and variable schedules as necessary.
Prepare and distribute financial reports and analysis to support the monthly, quarterly and year-end financial close processes to ensure that financial statements are accurate and complete in all aspects.
Prepare and analyze monthly invoices and accruals to ensure accuracy to financial statements and subscriber reporting, which includes the research, resolution and communication of any potential issues or misstatements.
Assist in process improvement and standardization projects by identifying risk areas and recommendation for improvements.
Review audits presented by the networks and develop a process to streamline the efforts in the research, analysis, and tracking in this area.
Perform various ad hoc projects including researching, analyzing and summarizing data/analysis requests as assigned.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
