Job Description
Trivest Partners, Financial Analyst, Full time, Remote

Trivest Partners is hiring a Financial Analyst at one of our Portfolio Companies. This company is the largest independent, pure-play provider of Identity & Access Management (IAM) services in North America. With a deep roster of 90+ expert consultants led by a world-class management team and expertise across all relevant IAM technologies, this organization is well-positioned to rapidly grow in the IAM market.

Position Overview:

The Financial Analyst who be responsible for financial functions including elements of the accounting close, reporting, forecasting, budgeting, systems integration as it relates to the finance and accounting functions within Netsuite, and additional responsibilities supporting the business (e.g. Sales Commissions).

The Financial Analyst will report to the Chief Financial Officer. The Financial Analyst will work closely with the rest of the Accounting, Finance and Human Resources team, and should possess the ability to work on teams and communicate effectively cross-functionally.

Key Objectives
Assist in the closing of the books by 10-days following month end, including completion of the Financial Package to Ownership
Work with the CFO and Accounting Manager on a Quickbooks to Netsuite general ledger implementation project
Timely calculation and distribution of Sales Team Commissions
Assist the CFO in key performance metric reporting (KPI’s) and further developing information tools that can add value
Working alongside the CFO in completing Cashflow forecasting every 6 weeks out 13 weeks
Working alongside the CFO in completing Budgets and Latest Estimate forecasts
Work with CFO in building financial models and manage the analysis, reporting, and monitoring of operating results in ways that are meaningful for the business. This can include customer and sku profitability.
With guidance from the CFO, analyze special projects to determine business financial benefits and impacts to the Company
Requirements
BS in Accounting or Finance. CPA preferred but not required.
2-4 years of previous work experience
Netsuite or other ERP General Ledger experience.
Strong in financial modeling (e.g. pivot tables, queries, macros) and has systems prowess.
Experience working with percentage of completion accounting/project-based businesses.
Excellent knowledge of data analysis and forecasting methods.
If you are interested in learning more about this opportunity, apply today or email shawn.lam@trivestcareers.com
