Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty
insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial and
personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental
health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients.
The company is distinguished by its extensive product and service offerings,
broad distribution capabilities, exceptional financial strength, underwriting
excellence, superior claims handling expertise and local operations globally.

Job Scope

As a member of Corporate Catastrophe
Solutions, this individual will be part of our Systems Team, supporting
insurance and reinsurance applications related to catastrophe modeling and
pricing. Working closely with our partners in IT, the team member will provide analytic support for methodology changes, system enhancements
and deployment validation. The ideal candidate would be someone who has a keen
interest in applying analytical skills to help solve property insurance
underwriting problems. The position offers great opportunities to
engage with a variety of specialties across Chubb, from Underwriting to
Actuarial to Catastrophe Risk Management.

Responsibilities
Design and execute detailed validation of all CAT System updates and enhancements
Investigate exposure and model loss changes across multiple lines of
business using catastrophe modeling software
Provide CAT System user community with analytic support for questions on
catastrophe modeled losses and pricing
Field and respond to system issues as part of cross-functional team
Contribute to system documentation and user training
Requirements and
Qualifications
Bachelor's (or higher) degree in
technical/quantitative field (e.g., Math, Statistics, Actuarial Science, Physical
Sciences, Computer Science, etc.)
Understanding of analysis techniques like
statistical methodology, numerical techniques and data manipulation
Experience with RMS (RiskLink/RiskBrowser)
and AIR (Touchstone) software a plus. (Re)Insurance industry experience a
plus as is interest in pursuing actuarial designation.
Self-motivated
learner with desire to attain ‘super user’ status across multiple systems
Strong computer skills including
advanced knowledge of Excel and SQL
Excellent analytical,
communication and organization skills
Chubb strives to offer a diverse and
inclusive and rewarding work environment. Teamwork and mutual respect are
central to how Chubb operates and we believe the best solutions draw upon
diverse perspectives, experiences and skills. We operate in such a way
where everyone, regardless of their singular background has the opportunity to
contribute to our collective success.

Chubb offers a competitive compensation
package and comprehensive benefits package including life, health and dental,
vision, a generous retirement savings plan, disability coverage, stock purchase
plan, flexible spending accounts, tuition reimbursement, and business casual
dress. At Chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and
compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. Our policy is
to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions
or opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religion, age,
sex, sexual orientation, transgender, national origin, disability, genetic
information, veteran, or marital status, or any other characteristic protected
by law.
