47641

Are you data-driven? We at NetApp believe in the transformative power of data – to expand customer touchpoints, to foster greater innovation, and to optimize operations. We are designed for simplicity, optimized to protect, created to embrace future opportunity, and open to enrich choice. We are the data authority for hybrid cloud, and we are helping our customers realize the full potential of their data.

We’ve built a Data Fabric for a data-driven world – to simplify and integrate data management across the resources that are best for the business. With the Data Fabric, our customers can harness the power of cloud data services, build cloud infrastructures, and modernize storage through data management.

By harnessing the power of hybrid cloud data services, customers gain the freedom of choice to securely manage and move data – anywhere, on any cloud. Only NetApp can help organizations deliver data-rich customer experiences when they rapidly test and deploy new applications that easily use data and services regardless of where they reside or in what form.
Job Summary
Life Sciences Business Development

In this role, you are responsible for 2 main goals: 1. Driving adoption of the NetApp products by helping customers understand the relevant use cases and supporting sales by helping prospects understand the unique business value of the solutions. 2. Enabling the field and channel on healthcare use cases and overall industry knowledge

You’ll work closely with internal teams (including product strategy, product management, marketing and sales teams) and external stakeholders (including customers and partners) to create a strategy for solution-based messaging, awareness, implementation, product development and customer evangelism. You will be responsible for communicating the strategy and aligning the organization around it. Then you’ll execute the strategy with a cross functional team.

Responsibilities

• Help field sales pursue healthcare related sales opportunities.

• Responsible for the growth of applications and installations in NetApp life sciences and pharmaceutical markets.
• Present NetApp roadmap to customers, partners and industry analysts.
Job Requirements
Preferred Qualifications
• Experience in Business Development, Product Management or Product Marketing.
• In-depth technical knowledge of the clinical trial process, drug discovery, drug manufacturing and distribution and genomics. Emphasis on a solutions approach with architectural and programmatic knowledge of the underlying technology with application in storage and data management
• BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
• 10 years of work experience in pharmaceuticals and life sciences
Education
Typically requires a minimum of 12 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 8 years and a Master’s degree; or a PhD with 5 years experience; or equivalent experience.

So get ready to tap into the data visionary within, and join us as we accelerate digital transformation and empower our customers to change the world with data!

If you ask a NetApp employee why they work here, the answer is inevitably the same: the people. At NetApp, our culture is at the heart of what we do. We place importance in trust, integrity, teamwork, and caring above all else. NetApp is a place where people are empowered to make a difference. Empowered to innovate. Empowered to collaborate. Empowered to help ourselves and others be data-driven and change the world. We take care of each other, our customers, our partners, and our communities simply because it’s the right thing to do.

We work hard but also recognize the importance of work-life balance for our employees because what’s important to them is important to us! Recently we implemented Family First, which encourages employees to take paid time off to bond with a new child (through birth or adoption) or to care for a family member with a serious health condition. Our volunteer time off program is best in class, offering employees 40 hours of paid time off per year to donate their time with their favorite organizations. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, wellness and vision plans for you and your family. We offer educational assistance, legal services, and access to discounts and fitness centers. We also offer financial savings programs to help you plan for your future.

Join us and see what empowerment can do.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled

Nearest Major Market: Philadelphia
Job Segment:
Manager, Medical, Field Sales, Business Development, Product Development, Management, Healthcare, Sales, Research

Apply now »
