pureIntegration is looking for a Digital Experience Analyst who is results and data oriented. You love data and can track and communicate key performance indicators and success metrics for your teams. You are excited by implementing opportunities for digital optimization and effective customer interactions You are looking to get in on the ground floor with a digital transformation team who is looking to transform the way the company does business. You are looking to create data-driven insights and strategies. Responsibilities Design, develop, and launch new reports and dashboards according to business requirements Draw out key business insights and provide actionable recommendations Support ad-hoc marketing insight requests Work collaboratively across the Digital team to provide analysis that will support their ongoing efforts and key initiatives Analyze performance from campaigns, audiences and creative within vendor platforms to improve efficiency Leverage statistical predictive analysis and let data guide campaign decisions Execute iterative testing for constant growth Assist with the analysis of their ongoing email campaign management, digital advertising and website conversion rate optimization including report creation, landing page creation and optimization, heavy data analysis, and AB testing Excellent writing, numerical, communication and collaboration skills Able to deliver projects on time and under pressure Be able to quickly establish yourself in the role, build both external and internal relationships and become an indispensable part of the business Requirements Bachelor's Degree in business, economics, finance or technical discipline 3+ years of experience in data marketing analysis within Digital Experience, Digital Marketing, Customer Experience, or related organization Excellent quantitative and analytical skills Exceptional problem solver with the ability to transition between detailed data and high-level insight Foundational understanding of digital marketing programs and technologies (SEM, Social, Display) Advanced experience with Excel Analytics software experience with Google Analytics, Optimizely, Tableau, SQL preferred Location King of Prussia, PA Are you self-motivated, collaborative, and client-focused? Are you looking for a challenging and rewarding career? Then pureIntegration would love to hear from you! Your career journey starts here! pureIntegration, a systems integration company headquartered in the DC area, serves clients in the fastest growing industries - communications, media, and entertainment. Our industry-focused offerings and collaborative client approach has resulted in a 97 client satisfaction rating. As a leading service organization, we recognize our most valuable assets are our people, both as individuals and how they come together as a whole. As such, we encourage our team members to become fearless in exploring ideas and opportunities to act on them. pureIntegration is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.
