Imagine where we can go.

Current Opportunity

BTG Specialty Pharmaceuticals provides rescue medicines typically used in emergency rooms and intensive care units to treat patients for whom there are limited treatment options. We are dedicated to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of quality medicines that make a real difference to patients and their families. Our current portfolio of antidotes counteract certain snake venoms and the toxicity associated with some heart and cancer medications. BTG Specialty Pharmaceuticals is a division of Boston Scientific. To learn more, visit: btgsp.com.

Broad Function


This position will have the majority of the responsibility focused on data and analytics for the Commercial teams. This position is critical for the day to day operations and strategy in Commercial. This position will be responsible for data quality, identify trends, make recommendations for more effective processes, and implement updates and necessary action items on an ongoing basis.


Principle Responsibilities
Responsible for data feeds/quality from various vendors/sources.
Build and process all reporting monthly/weekly/annual reports for field/management/Executive Leadership/Board of Directors.
Ad hoc reporting for sales data and other critical data sets.
Identify trends and opportunities across all current and future products.
Deliver ICP dashboards and provide analysis of ICP process and future recommendations.
Provide analytical insights to trends in the trade/order process and ad hoc reporting.
Ensuring that all interactions and engagements are carried out with the highest ethical and professional standards and that all work is accomplished with quality and in accordance with Company values.
Carry out other reasonable tasks as required by the Line Manager.
The above duties and responsibilities are not an exhaustive list and you may be required to undertake any other reasonable duties compatible with your experience and competencies. This description may be varied from time to time to reflect changing business requirements.

Principal Relationships

Responsible for:
No Direct Reports.
Internal:
BTG Leadership and Associates Worldwide.
External:
Employees, Vendors and Customers.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s Degree is required.
At least 2-3 years of pharmaceutical experience.
Field experience is preferred.
Skills and Attributes
Strong analytical skills.
Proficient in Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Word.
Strong Experience with CRM applications.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Strategic thinking and detail oriented.
Project management skills and demonstrated ability to work collaboratively.
Boston Scientific is an equal opportunity employer. We offer competitive compensation & benefit packages, challenging opportunities and a culture of working together in a supportive way built on our strong foundation of values.
