Does shaping the future excite you? Are you inspired by blending your passions and career? At Slalom, we are driven by diversity of thought, curiosity, and authenticity. We recognize that no two journeys are the same. Whether you embody all of these qualities or you are energized by loving your work and life, we want to hear from you!

Slalom is a modern consulting firm focused on strategy, technology, and business transformation. We believe in what's possible and shape what's next.

At Slalom, personal connection meets global scale. We build deep relationships with our clients in cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada, while sharing insights across markets to bring the full breadth of Slalom's expertise to every engagement. Our seven regional Build Centers are hubs for innovation, attracting top talent to rapidly co-create the technology products of tomorrow. We also nurture strong partnerships with over 200 leading technology providers, including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Tableau.

Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, Slalom has organically grown to over 8,500 employees. We were named one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2019 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. Learn more at slalom.com

Job Title:

Master Data Management Consultant

This is a role that will understand business rules and translate them to technical configuration within a tool set. You will champion for understanding the current architecture and crafting where MDM fits into the ecosystem.
Articulate MDM approaches and strategy in both technical and business terms
Experience in data integration
Experience in implementations that exploit the full capabilities (discover, design, implement and optimize) of an MDM solution
Can give direction while they are going through the multiple phases of their MDM solution and implementation roadmap
Must have knowledge of and be able to explain all facets of MDM data exchange and processing, business user involvement, and overall architecture
Ability to understand complex data models and business processes relating to master data domains such as customer, party, organization (and hierarchy)
Understanding of delivery methodology and lead teams in the implementation of the solution according to the design/architecture
Ability to articulate data management metadata management data governance data quality concepts and liaison between Business and Technology teams
Skillset:
MDM match & Merge
Match rule configuration
Cleansing and Standardization concepts
Informatica, Reltio or Boomi platform(s) a plus
Collibra/Informatic EDC, AXON or other catalog tool set is a plus
About Slalom:

Slalom is a modern consulting firm focused on strategy, technology, and business transformation. In over 35 markets across the US and around the world, Slalom's teams have autonomy to move fast and do what's right. They're backed by regional innovation hubs, a global culture of teamwork, and partnerships with the world's top technology providers. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, Slalom has organically grown to over 8,000 employees. Slalom was named one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2020 and is regularly recognized by employees as a best place to work. Learn more at slalom.com.
