Job Description
TDI Technologies, Inc. is seeking candidates for a naval ship machinery control Systems Analyst position. The position’s main responsibility will be to assist with analyzing the systems comprising machinery control system on amphibious naval vessels and identifying logistics, obsolescence, and supply chain issues in documentation and processes. This position will support the reliability and readiness of logistics aspects for the life cycle of shipboard control hardware for US Naval vessels. The position will also include interfacing with teams executing design, testing, waterfront support, documentation, configuration control, and interfaces with other machinery.

As a TDI Technologies, Inc. employee, you will be in a role supporting our Navy customers and engaging with engineers, subject matter experts, project managers software developers and test teams. This position will require hands-on work with electrical and computer components as well as rotating machinery. This position will support redesign efforts to address modernization efforts for machinery control and enterprise information systems. The candidate must be comfortable working with electrical, computer, and mechanical systems.

PRINCIPAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:

1. Support projects redesigning and sustaining the machinery control system hardware and software on amphibious naval vessels

a) Identify issues in supporting documentation, records, supply chain and sourcing processes, obsolescence, and general life cycle sustainment of shipboard hardware

b) Coordinate integrated logistics efforts for software and hardware for machinery control systems

c) Support acquisition and sustainment programs through review, generation, and/or update of technical documentation, drawings, schematics, wire lists, parts lists, or diagrams

d) Provide technical input regarding logistics to the design of future user interfaces and system features

e) Provide design support for integration of equipment in an industrial/shipboard environment

f) Track issues identified in testing or on deployed systems to resolution throughout the product lifecycle

g) Support program management, collaborate with developers, engineers, Subject Matter Experts, and end users to ensure projects are executed per requirements and project plans

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:

1. Bachelor of Science Degree in an engineering discipline - Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Software Engineering or Computer Science is required.

a. In lieu of a degree, candidates with 3 or more years of experience with industrial, maritime, or preferably US Navy equipment, maintenance, or operation will be considered

2. 2 or more years of experience as a system, electrical, electronics engineer, field engineer to include experience with electrical/mechanical hardware and systems

a. Experience analyzing drawings, technical documentation, engineering operational procedures and developing logistics plans that affect production, distribution, and inventory

b. Experience creating and reviewing procedures for distribution and inventory management to maximize customer satisfaction and minimize cost

c. Previous experience with shipboard control systems, HMIs, PLCs or developing industrial systems that are similar is preferred

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:

1. Successful applicants must either have an active government security clearance or the ability to receive approval upon position acceptance.

2. Must have a valid US passport or the ability to obtain one upon position acceptance.

SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Essential Skills:

1. Knowledge of the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures associated with industrial control systems

2. Experience troubleshooting problems and utilizing team resources

3. Self-motivated and willingness to approach others with ideas and to solicit information

4. Proficiency in reading electrical and mechanical drawings and diagrams

5. Proficient in basic computer/laptop use including advanced operations

6. Technical writing ability

7. Ability to markup and edit existing drawings

8. Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office suite of applications

Additional Preferred Skills:

1. Experience with embedded systems

2. Experience with industrial controls and networks, rotating machinery, or Programmable Logic Controller (PLC), Versa Module Eurocard (VME) / VPX systems

3. Experience with vessel integration for maritime or naval applications

Travel:

This position may require approximately 5 to 10% travel.

Location:
Philadelphia, PA

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy:

TDI Technologies, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layout, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

To Apply:

To be considered for a position at TDI Technologies, Inc., please email resume to: careers@tditek
Company Description
TDI Technologies, Inc. (TDI) is a small business that has been grounded in ethical practices and superior performance for over 25 years. TDI provides unique high-quality solutions to our government and commercial clients with a focus on incorporating advanced technologies.

TDI conducts Research & Development and provides Engineering Services, Cyber Security, and Software Engineering/Development to a variety of Department of Defense (DOD) and commercial customers.

TDI's core advantages lie in our years of experience across a wide breadth of government and commercial applications, our access to the brightest engineers in the industry, and our clear focus on providing cost-effective solutions to our clients' problems with speed and agility.
