Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
Ability to work in a fast paced, challenging environment, among high demands and changing priorities
Proven written and oral communication and ability to interface with senior management
Strong attention to detail
Ability to analyze quantitative and qualitative information and translate into insight
Self-motivated
Prior Mortgage industry experience a plus, but not required


Education and/or Experience:
Bachelors degree with demonstrated academic achievement (Math, Science, Finance/Economics degrees preferred)
Advanced Excel skills (financial analyses/modeling)
Proficient in Word and PowerPoint
English: Fluent
Previous work/academic experience that entailed problem solving, data driven analysis, statistical analysis, scenario modeling and report generation a strong plus
Language Skills:

Ability to read and comprehend instructions, correspondence, memos, and work place policies. Ability to analyze, interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, procedures and governmental regulations. Ability to write professional correspondences. Ability to write routine business reports. Ability to speak effectively with other employees and/or customers. Ability to present formal information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers and employees. Ability to present information and respond to questions from groups of administrators, managers, employees, customers and/or the general public.

Mathematical Skills:

Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.

Reasoning Ability:

Ability to carry out detailed written and/or verbal instructions. Ability to solve problems involving concrete variables in standardized situations. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.

Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:

None required

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Employers Rights:

This job description does not list all the duties of the job. You may be asked by your supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks and functions listed in this job description. The employer has the right to revise this job description at any time. The job description is not a contract for employment, and either you or the employer may terminate employment at any time, for any reason.


Americans with Disabilities Act:

Applicants as well as employees who are or become disabled must be able to perform the essential job functions either unaided or with reasonable accommodation. Applicants as well as employees are encouraged to meet with Human Resources as the organization shall determine reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis in accordance with applicable law.

#CB
#GD

Summary

The Business Analyst, Decision Support is responsible for working with Call Center management to improve overall operations through rigorous quantitative analysis

Essential Job Functions may include:
Conducts ad hoc analyses to help senior management with effective decision making and performance management
Supports the timely and accurate documentation of business processes and analyze downstream impact
Supports the creation and update of capacity models
Supports the creation of the production forecast
Enhances job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.

Other Related Duties:

Performs other related duties as assigned.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

This job has no direct supervisory responsibilities. Role may indirectly mentor/coach other finance resources.
