PRIMARY FUNCTION:

The Business Intelligence Analyst works with the BI Developers and Healthcare Analytics Specialists to design, develop, and deliver datasets and analytics to support quality, compliance and operational processes. The candidate will leverage strong communication, analytical and organizational skills to identify, design, produce and distribute Business Intelligence solutions aligned to strategic goals, target metrics and best practices

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Designs, builds, tests and implements BI solutions. Responsible for creating solutions within the existing BI environment including: designing, coding, testing and documenting all new or modified BI services, applications, programs, semantic layers, metadata, reports, dashboards and portal interfaces.
Develops; Stored Procedures, Reporting Design, Report Modeling, Database Development, Administration and automation of BI solutions
Troubleshoots BI tools, systems and software; performance-tune these applications as necessary. Potential for periodic on-call duty supporting these applications and services.
Creates and maintains documentation for Business Intelligence processes, guidelines, best practices and communications and
Responsible for completion of tasks from inception to post implementation. Gathers, and documents business requirements. Designs, develops and deploys enterprise BI solutions with minimal oversight. Able to ensure that all tasks are completed correctly and in line with established guidelines and business needsensure end users can access and effectively use these documents
Interacts with co-workers, visitors, and other staff consistent with the iSCORE values of Jefferson.
OTHER FUNCTIONS AND COMPETENCIES:
Able to identify and resolve problems quickly and effectively determining root cause and long term solutions while minimizing impacts to the environment and end users. Ability to assist DBA’s, Data Architects, ETL Developers, Application owners, reporting analysts and business users in problem resolution
Able to understand and interpret requirements and impacts and needs from initial request through final delivery. This includes understanding of user needs, databases, data architecture, ETL, semantic layer, metadata, reporting tools and compliance.
Knowledge and demonstrated ability using T-SQL or PL/SQL in a relational database environment
Strong ability to analyze user requirements and build front-end BI applications according to specifications
EDUCATIONAL/TRAINING REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelor’s degree in the field of business administration, computer science, and finance, engineering, or information systems required

EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:
Three + years related work experience, preferred.
Two + years of experience in a Health Care environment, preferred
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Proven experience with business and technical requirements analysis, elicitation, modeling, verification and methodology development.
Experience across multiple applications and platforms including Oracle and SQL
Experience developing data structures for consumption by BI applications such as Qlik, Tableau or Endeca.
Experience creating dashboards for executive audiences
Operates from a perspective of truly caring about our clients and creating value for them
Detail-oriented, inquisitive, problem-solving nature
Project management experience preferred.
Able to function in a dynamic environment subject to impromptu changes in schedules and Priorities.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks while under pressure.
Logical and efficient, with keen attention to detail. Highly self-motivated and directed.
Jefferson Health delivers state of the art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 8,400 full and part-time students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21st century professional education. Combined, we have over 30,000 employees.

Jefferson Health, with 14 hospitals (seven are Magnet designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 40+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually. U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital among the nation’s best in eight specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 70 such centers in the nation.

Thomas Jefferson University has ten colleges and three schools that offer more than 160 undergraduate and graduate programs. Our University is dedicated to inter-professional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet to be imagined careers.

As an employer, Jefferson maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans.
