Overview

Icahn Automotive Group LLC (Icahn Automotive) was formed by its parent, Icahn Enterprises L.P. (NASDAQ: IEP), to invest in and operate businesses involved in aftermarket parts distribution and service. Our businesses have a singular focus: provide premium automotive parts and services at a great value. The businesses of Icahn Automotive today consist of Pep Boys® automotive aftermarket retail and service chain, Auto Plus® automotive aftermarket parts distributor, Precision Tune Auto Care® owned and franchised automotive service centers, and AAMCO Total Auto Care franchised service centers. The businesses of Icahn Automotive total over 22,000 employees, over 2,000 company-owned and franchise locations and 25 distribution centers throughout the US, Canada, and Puerto Rico.

Position Summary

The Supply Chain Business Analyst collects data and then analyzes in order to make improvements to our new established supply chain system. They work to promote top-notch performance from workers and lower the costs of items used in projects. The position is located at our Corporate Headquarters in Philadelphia, PA.

Duties & Responsibilities
Support the Supply Chain leadership team with budget control and analysis.
Acts as the analytical engine of the Supply Chain organization to provide insights and support "optimal" business decision making.
Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of logistics, operating expenses, and inventory, with particular focus on vendor costing and rebates.
Provides analysis of inventory movements, transactions, and reconciliations to aid in the monitoring of aging inventory.
Monitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variance.
Daily, Weekly, Quarterly and Monthly Financial reports, AD-Hoc Reporting and Analysis.
Improve performance by evaluating processes to drive efficiencies and understand ROI in business cases.
Develop financial models and analyses to support strategic initiatives.
Analyze complex financial information and reports to provide accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision making purposes.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Strong leadership skills required.
Advanced Microsoft Excel and Power Point skills.
Highest standards of accuracy and precision.
Highly organized.
Articulate with excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Experience and Credentials:
Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or Finance- MBA is a plus.
5-7 years of Financial Analysis experience.
SAP experience is a plus (Accounting/ERP, BPC/EPM tool, BO business intelligence/ Analysis tool).
Physical Demands/Work Environment

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.

Physical Demands/Work Environment
Repetitive movement of hands and fingers, typing or writing
Occasional standing and walking
Reach with hands and arms
