Company Description

***YOU MUST BE A CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES, HAVE YOUR GREEN CARD OR LONG TERM VISA TO APPLY TO THIS POSITION***

YOU CAN WORK FROM ANYWHERE IN THE US WITHIN THE CST AND EST TIME ZONE.

ARE YOU READY TO CONTRIBUTE TO THE FUTURE OF HOW LOGISTICS AND SUPPLY CHAIN COMPANIES INCLUDING 3PLS, DIGITAL FORWARDERS, SHIPPERS AND SAAS PROVIDERS INTEGRATE WITH TRADING PARTNERS?

Chain.io is one of the fastest growing logistics technology software companies and has developed an industry leading serverless logistics integration software platform for 3PLs, Digital Forwarders, Shippers and SAAS providers who need to integrate with trading partners.
Clients connect their ERP, TMS, WMS, BI platform or other systems to Chain.io’s cloud based logistics integration software platform and Chain.io handles communicating with the world.
Whether their client’s system communicates in legacy EDI, flat files, XML or the latest and greatest JSON APIs, Chain.io has the solution to solve the problem.
Once a client is connected to Chain.io’s platform, they have access to best practice based integration solutions for sharing purchase orders, ASNs, status updates, documents, invoices, and more.
Chain.io handles all the complexities of transforming messages to the trading partners’ preferred formats.
The Chain.io Platform is the Key to a Client’s Success
Chain.io’s team of supply chain experts has spent decades learning industry best practices inside logistics, retail and software companies to build the ideal software platform.
Chain.io then took that knowledge and built an industry-best integration platform from the ground up to solve the unique challenges of the supply chain industry.
The platform reduces complexity and allows a client to configure connections for common integrations like Purchase Orders, Bookings, ASNs and Invoices with a simple point and click interface.
With pre-built interfaces to common TMS’s, booking platforms, accounting tools, and eCommerce shopping carts, integrations can be set up in as little as 10 minutes.
Challenges and Issues that the Chain.io Platform Solves
Companies building their own software - As a software product company, we understand how hard it is to balance product enhancements with custom client integration works. With the Chain.io OEM program, we build a one time set of integrations to SaaS or installed applications and then handle all aspects of integrating to customers software.
Companies dealing with challenges around APIs, XML, EDI, JSON - Chain.io’s any-to-any model extracts the key business concepts like bill of lading numbers, INCO terms and part numbers into a standard industry-wide data structure that we can then output in your trading partner’s preferred format even if it’s nothing like the data you originally provided.
Companies building EDI and API Integrations on their own - All of Chain.io’s customers benefit from the common integrations they’ve built to many industry leading solutions. By running on Chain.io’s cloud platform, clients can leverage the technology to quickly onboard new customers and trading partners without the typical integration project headaches.
Custom Integrations - Chain.io’s microservice architecture allows them to build single use integration endpoints and even fully customized business processes.
Chain.io Headquarters, Compensation and Benefits Overview
Headquarters at 1518 Walnut Street in Philadelphia and is situated in one of the best areas of Philadelphia / Rittenhouse Square and can be easily accessed from SEPTA trains to Suburban Station, SEPTA buses and PATCO.
Our salary is extremely competitive based on prior skills and experience and we give our employees a flexible work schedule, where you have the ability to work remotely.
PTO overview - you are required to use at least 10 days per year with a soft ceiling of 20 days (very flexible if you need to go over).
We offer you subsidized Health and Dental insurance as well as 401K
We give you the opportunity to be reimbursed for occasional conferences and professional development.
Job Description

When Chain onboards a new client, your role is critical to making sure they are successful with Chain software and you are the bridge between the client and our development team. You will perform detailed requirements analysis, data mappings, document processes, and perform some user acceptance testing. To succeed in this role, you should have a natural analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to both technical and non-technical users. Familiarity with supply chain and logistics operations, systems and EDI standards required.
Evaluate supply chain business processes, anticipating requirements, and capturing technical solutions.
Perform requirements analysis to create Statements of Work, User stories, and other technical documentation.
Review or create customer document specifications
Create data transformation mapping documents.
Document and communicate the results of your efforts.
Effectively communicate your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful documentation.
Work closely with Project Management and Development team to provide timely updates.
Ensure solutions meet business needs and requirements.
Perform user acceptance testing.
Configuration, communication setup and testing.
Monitor deliverables and ensure timely completion of tasks/projects.
Execute post implementation support on completed projects.
You will report to the VP of Solutions.
Qualifications

● A minimum of 3+ years Supply Chain experience in business analysis or an IT related field.
● Experience analyzing EDI specifications a plus
● Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
● Advanced technical skills, including familiarity with a wide variety of data file types such as XML and JSON.
● Excellent documentation skills.
● Team player willing to collaborate with others to achieve desired outcome.
● Fundamental analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
● Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.
● A history of leading and supporting successful projects.

Additional Information

● Please submit your resume by clicking “I’m Interested”
● If you don’t have a resume, but are interested and meet the requirements, respond to one of our messages to you over email or LinkedIn.
● Phone Interview by Michael C. Bertoni - Chief Recruiting Officer for Chain.io
● Phone Interview with Chain.io VP of Solutions
● Interview with VP of Solutions and CEO / Founder of Chain.io
● Offer
