JOB SUMMARY:

The Sales Compensation Analyst role will manage the
administration and oversight of the incentive compensation programs within the
Vertex Sales organization. The role will also provide analytical and strategic
support for a variety of sales and incentive compensation initiatives.
Additionally, the role will ensure that sales programs are market competitive,
aligned with business goals, consistently administered, and in compliance with
company policies and government regulations.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Own
the administration of annual sales incentive plan roll out
Deliver
analysis on quota and incentive attainment reporting for the sales teams
at regular intervals and as required to gain insight into sales
performance; including quarterly report outs
Manage
and administer sales additional compensation portfolio, including
commissions, Presidents Club, contests, etc.
Drive
development, rollout, adoption, and maintenance of incentive compensation
application to improve accuracy, efficiency, and visibility in processing
payments
Ensure
incentive compensation plans and terms and conditions are standardized,
aligned, clear, and consistent throughout the Sales work center each year
with support from Sales leadership, HR, and Finance
Develop
multiple job levels and descriptions for each Sales function and ensure
Sales job framework enables clear and smooth transitions when reps are
promoted or transition roles mid-year
Manage
and administer incentive compensation payout analysis throughout the year,
particularly at month and quarter end
Manage
monthly submissions for payroll processing
Manage
and administer international incentive comp plans, job levels, and
currency exchange/risk with support from International sales leader(s),
HR, and Finance
Develop
annual incentive comp budgets in collaboration with Finance and HR
Ensure
continued sales compensation competitiveness through regularly monitoring
competitor plans as well as other feedback loops
Lead
and participate in sales compensation strategy sessions
Support
other general sales reporting requirements as needed
Lead
or participate in other projects or duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Ability
to apply professional concepts and experience to evaluate identifiable
factors in order to resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways.
Ability
to work without supervision. Latitude for independent decision
making.
Demonstrates
consistent discretion in handling confidential information
Ability
to listen and understand information and communicate the same.
Must
possess strong interpersonal, organizational, presentation and
facilitation skills.
Must
be results oriented, customer focused, and able to manage multiple
projects simultaneously.
Ability
to meet multiple deadlines
Proficiency
in Microsoft Office packages.


EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s
Degree in Sales, Marketing, Finance, or related field
5+
years of sales compensation experience required
Prior
sales experience a plus, especially in a global organization
Experience
in incentive compensation plan design and administration
Experience
leveraging technology to increase efficiency and reduce costs
Strong
analysis and financial skills required
Experience
using Salesforce, Xactly, Oracle, or related software a plus
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS – THE WINNING WAY BEHAVIORS THAT ALL VERTEX EMPLOYEES NEED IN ORDER TO MEET THE EXPECTATIONS OF EACH OTHER, OUR CUSTOMERS, AND OUR PARTNERS:
Communicate with Clarity - Be clear, concise and actionable. Be relentlessly constructive. Seek and provide meaningful feedback.
Act with Urgency - Adopt an agile mentality - frequent iterations, improved speed, resilience. 80/20 rule – better is the enemy of done. Don’t spend hours when minutes are enough.
Work with Purpose - Exhibit a “We Can” mindset. Results outweigh effort. Everyone understands how their role contributes. Set aside personal objectives for team results.
Drive to Decision - Cut the swirl with defined deadlines and decision points. Be clear on individual accountability and decision authority. Guided by a commitment to and accountability for customer outcomes.
Own the Outcome - Defined milestones, commitments and intended results. Assess your work in context, if you’re unsure, ask. Demonstrate unwavering support for decisions.
COMMENTS:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals in this position. Other functions may be assigned and management retains the right to add or change the duties at any time.
