Client: FrontierBPM

Job Title: Pegasystems Business Analyst

Length: 12 months plus

Location: Blue Bell, PA

Pay Rate: Market Rate â depends on experience

H1âs and TN-visa candidates are OK. I would prefer if the candidate can interview in-person, but if you find on out-of-state candidate that will relocate I am ok with that.Â

Responsibilities:

Â Act as a Pegasystems subject matter expert on a project, assisting senior management and key business stakeholders on evaluating current business critical core workstreams, by performing current state assessments against target state to identify people, process, technology, and information gaps relative to these workstreams; elicit and document business requirements.

Â Engage in multiple deployments with minimum supervision and manage deliverables independently.

Â Develop and maintain a customer-focused relationship with business stakeholders and other IT areas by exhibiting a high level of collaboration, timely communication and responsiveness.

Qualifications:

Â Minimum of 8 years of experience as a Business Analyst with a primary focus on Pegasystems suite of tools.

Â Must have at least one Pega certification.

Â Expertise in business process design, business requirements elicitation and documentation,

Â Experience using Pega PRPC and Direct Capture of Objectives (DCO) is a must.

Â Any experience with BPEL (Business Process Execution Language) is a plus.

Â Solid understanding of all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).

Â Experience working in both Waterfall and Agile/SCRUM environments.

Â Experience working on a development project that includes an on/off shore model iterative model is a plus.

Â Experience with pharmaceutical or clinical systems is a plus.

Â Understanding of process engineering methodologies and/or Business Process Management (BPM) and process management principles.

Â Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.

Â Strong interpersonal skills and proven track record in working with all levels of an organizationâs technical and business departments.

Â Self-starter, assertive, enthusiastic and ability to multitask in order to complete all project deliverables within a timely manner.

Â Bachelorâs degree is required.

Thanks & regards,

Rajeev (Raj) Agarwal

Sr. Account Manager

Technocraft Solutions LLC

Desk: 972-232-4173 Ext: 110<b>E-mail: rajeev@Technocraftsol.com

www.technocraftsol.com | www.xpedantic.com

3974 Brown Park Drive, Suite F Hilliard, Ohio-43026

Partner with XPedantic

Note: Technocraft Solutions LLC works with Direct Clientâs and Preferred Vendors Nationwide.

Your confirmation would means that you understand the level of Technocraft Solutions LLC association for the mentioned project and will not approach Technocraft Solutions LLC Client directly.
