Job Description
DESCRIPTION:

Develop a thorough understanding of Supply Chain, Production, Inventory and Financial Reporting and Control Processes to play a lead role in both preparing for an ERP implementation and executing an ERP Implementation.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES: ·

Analyze existing Production and Inventory Management system, identify opportunities for rapid improvement, and implement changes through process mapping and training material. Coordinate and lead process migration to Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. · Interact with users to determine project requirements for new ERP System. Implement ERP solutions for operations area through process mapping and development of procedures. Provide routine production support through ERP business solutions. Resolve issues and develop business solutions to ensure ERP integration with other existing systems with HR, Payroll, Finance. Assess and continually improve ERP capability per implementation guidelines; optimize system capabilities with business processes.

ADDITONAL DUTIES:

Conduct analysis sessions during implementation of ERP; report timely progress to stakeholders, identify issues and lead resolution efforts. · Ensure minimum business disruptions and aid customers during ERP integration. Provide expert technical input, project management, and additional support through system transition and ERP installations, customizations and upgrades.

MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE:

Document and manage Sales & Operations information flows to maximize ERP efficiency in conjunction with business practices. Design and conduct master data migration from current systems to new ERP system. Lead and support ERP System training, through the development of training material and leading scheduled and ad hoc training sessions. Developing and maintaining knowledge expertise in ERP.

QUALIFICATIONS / EXPERIENCE

A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business (Accounting) and/or Information Systems from a recognized post-secondary institution; equivalent work experience with software’s and ERP systems will be considered. Experience in an ERP implementation with Sage experience preferred, but not required. Experience with software implementations, operational accounting, product distribution and fulfillment, warehouse management, manufacturing, or other applicable business processes. Experience managing software implementation projects including balancing budget, timeline, scope, and resource availability. Experience with Project Management. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. Experience with training staff and development training material desired.

EDUCATION:

A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business (Accounting) and/or Information Systems from a recognized post-secondary institution; equivalent work experience with software’s and ERP systems will be considered.
Company Description
VIP Staffing is a regional staffing company specializing in filling temporary, temp-to-hire and permanent placement positions. We command excellence from our employees, provide superior customer service, support generous community involvement all while strengthening our position as a leader and innovator in the staffing industry.
