Job Description
Job Summary

We have built a successful company providing our customers with a desirable product by aligning their desires with our organizational objectives. As a business analyst, you will play an integral role in facilitating this purpose by working across many departments to gather, process, and relay information. Your primary role will be to analyze data received from multiple sources including executives, departmental managers, and customers to help build our product into something better. Through your creativity and ability to communicate interpersonally with multiple business contributors, you have the opportunity to advance and earn sustainable bonuses. If you desire to work with people and operate as a facilitator and mediator to align desired outcomes, then this job could be perfect for you.

Job Responsibilities
Develop strategies for product placement, product pricing, and product delivery that will promote the company's vision and brand.
Create product tests to determine improvements and assess effectiveness prior to public debut and release of new designs.
Maintain an organized database detailing important analytics, timelines, and goals for reference by executives and other staff members.
Transfer and translate information between departments including IT, marketing, and finance to maintain effective communication and facilitate information dissemination.
Execute occasional audits to assess departmental processes and identify potential improvements to advance organizational efficiency.
Monitor customer input, stakeholder inquiries, and organizational goals to create outcomes that achieve every objective in alignment with the company vision, brand, and purpose.
Implement departmental improvements and instruct employees on how to incorporate new processes to achieve superior efficiency and effectiveness.
Research benchmarking data and develop strategic tactics to improve the overall function of the organization and gain the edge on competitors.
Job Skills & Qualifications

Required
Bachelor's degree
At least 2 years of experience in analysis, reporting, and QA/QC
Ability to use Microsoft Office, particularly Excel, to synthesize analytical and statistical data
Ability to communicate effectively
Preferred
Experience with statistical software like SAS and Python
Experience with forecasting and product pricing
