Job Description


Job #: 1077170

Apex Systems, the 2nd largest IT staffing firm, is looking to hire a Business Systems Analyst for one of our top financial clients! This assignment is anticipated to go through 2020 with potential for extension; however, Apex Systems cannot guarantee the length of this assignment. Due to Covid-19, this role will be a Work From Home Position. This will also have a first shift Monday-Friday schedule. If you are interested, please apply and we will reach out to you right away!

Project Overview:
This project is focused on RDAR (Risk Data Aggregation Reporting). Their piece is relating to operational compliance, top of the house reporting. Identify data sources, reverse engineer existing reports and take them into a strategic solution. Work with IT partners, cross functional teams, data map requirements. Help drive these efforts.
Required Skills:
Business Analysis
Requirements gathering
Knowledge of Data marts and data sources
Working with IT teams to develop strategic data sources
Strong SQL knowledge
Need to have some experience with release management (Agile)
Nice To Have:
Risk and compliance background
Financial or Banking background would be nice
Soft Skills:
Communication is key, especially since candidates will be working remote
Organization – working with many reports at one time
Experience dealing with cross functional teams
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
