Join a thriving company that is changing the way cancer care is delivered for millions of patients around the country. Recently spun off from an internationally renowned research and treatment hospital, AccessHope understands that cancer doesn’t play by the rules, so we don’t either. We are an agile innovative brand that’s backed by a founding member of the National Cancer Center Network. Now, we’re joining forces with employers to bring state-of-the-art cancer expertise to their employees and give patients access to the latest developments in precision medicine, genetic risk assessment and clinical trials, regardless of where they live. The goal? To dramatically improve care, outcomes and value during cancer treatment.

It’s a revolutionary new model – and we’re looking for revolutionary thinkers to join us.

A data scientist is someone who knows how to extract meaning from and interpret data, which requires both tools and methods from statistics and machine learning, as well as being human.

Role & Responsibility

The Data Scientist is responsible for advising the business on the potential of data, to provide new insights into the business's mission, and through the use of advanced statistical analysis, data mining, and data visualization techniques, to create solutions that enable enhanced business performance.

The Data Scientist functions include:
Undertaking data collection, pre-processing and analysis
Building models to address business problems
Presenting information using data visualization techniques
Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns
Skills
Programming
Statistics
Data Wrangling
Data Visualization & Communication
Data Intuition
Machine Learning (algorithms
Requirements
Minimum 3 years’ experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst
Experience in data mining
Understanding of machine-learning and operations research
Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset
Experience with in-depth rate development templates, risk score analyses, trend analyses, cost management/financial initiatives, back-end technical development and programming
Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)
Analytical mind and business acumen
Problem-solving aptitude
Excellent communication and presentation skills
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred
Healthcare experience a plus, but not required.
Education
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred
Healthcare experience a plus, but not required.
