SWBC has been recognized as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Texas and has an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join an energetic and seasoned team, with an established and expanding national firm. Headquartered in San Antonio, SWBC is a diversified financial services company providing a wide range of insurance, mortgage, and investment services to financial institutions, businesses, and individuals. With offices across the country, SWBC is committed to providing quality products, outstanding service, and customized solutions in all 50 states. SUMMARY Interested in making a meaningful impact for the organization you are part of? This is a unique opportunity as SWBC moves solutions from old to new tech. The role will be challenging but also very rewarding for the right person. Not only does it require a passion for technology and a technical mindset, but in order to succeed a person needs to be able to communicate effectively to non-technical audiences. This is a signification opportunity for someone looking to create clear measurable results in the area of financial products working with the latest technology. A little more about who is the right fit; they are ethical, communicative, empathetic, ambitious, and naturally curious. They find personal fulfillment in analyzing and solving problems. The person who takes on this challenge will need to take ownership of outcomes, build relationships across the organization and with external stakeholders, and above all, always put the client first. When it comes to SWBC, our clients are our #1 priority. Essential Duties: Analyzes systems from end to end and business processes Triage production issues Documents the findings and helps the developers/architects solve the issues Processes mapping for end to end system interactions and documentation of such requirements Coordinates with multiple teams such vendors, IT, Operations and managing the backlog of work Designs new integrations with architects and understands end to end system/user behaviors/usages Helps the implementation for new clients Performs all other duties as assigned Skills needed to succeed in the roll are: The ability to clearly communicate and take on a consultative role with stakeholders Basic knowledge of HTML, webservices, web API, and mechanisms of integration Able to construct diagrams using various tools; an understanding of UML and BPMN methodology would be very useful Understand data structures Understand the basics of software architecture Familiar with cloud integration and rest APIs Preferred: Experience in designing and developing software integration solutions and architecture Professional experience in coding software, business analysis, or system analysis Professional experience communicating to technical audiences, non-technical audiences, and senior management ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SWBC is a Substance-Free Workplace and requires pre-employment drug testing. Please note, SWBC does not hire tobacco users as allowed by law. SWBC offers an excellent employee benefits package that includes: 401(k) with company match, medical/dental, Life, Long Term Disability, Accidental Death and Dismemberment, and Long Term Care insurance policies. SWBC also provides opportunities for professional growth. To learn more about SWBC, visit our website at www.SWBC.com. If interested, please click the appropriate apply button. Only those candidates who meet the minimum requirements need apply.
