The Finance & Accounting Team has fiduciary responsibility for financial aspects of our end-to-end business, including all accounting and regulatory facets of Product, from 'Farm to Fork' ... Facilities, from 'Greenfield to Sunset' ... and Partners, from 'Recruit to Retire.' The team also oversees our Mexico Division's accounting, tax, and finance operations.

As an Accounting Analyst I, you'll support a targeted business area related to specific functions (e.g., freight, imports, coupons, etc.). You'll perform research and problem-solving tasks in your assigned areas.

Once you're eligible, you'll become an Owner in the company, so we're looking for commitment, hard work, and focus on quality and Customer service. 'Partner-owned' means our most important resources--People--drive the innovation, growth, and success that make H-E-B The Greatest Omnichannel Retailing Company.

Do you have a:
HEART FOR PEOPLE... ability to communicate your work processes?
HEAD FOR BUSINESS... knowledge to provide action-oriented analysis?
PASSION FOR RESULTS... drive to master H-E-B systems / processes?

We are looking for:
a related bachelor's degree
strong analytical and problem-solving skills
What is the work?
Analytics:
Performs moderate to complex tasks in a targeted business area, providing general or specialized analyses in such areas as accounts receivable, accounts payable, etc.
Applies experiential knowledge to provide credible, action-oriented analysis and recommendations to management
Participates in reviews of financial data
Performs research and problem-solving tasks in assigned areas
Performs root cause analyses
Learns to resolve more complex processes / systems with coaching
May report on weekly actuals and forecasts profitability that involve trend analysis, economic research, and comparative analysis
Supports ad hoc projects that assist in decision-making
Accounting:
Develops / modifies major segments of an accounting system, including associated accounts, records, reports, and controls
Compiles / prepares reports, graphs, and charts
Establishes / maintains accurate detailed financial records
Documents / communicates changes to assigned accounting processes
Gains process / system expertise
May provide guidance for lower-level Partners
What is your background?
Bachelor's degree in accounting, or a related field
2 years of experience in H-E-B accounting roles, or
4 years of broad-based accounting functions
Do you have what it takes to be a fit as an H-E-B Accounting Analyst I?
Knowledge of GAAP and regulatory accounting practices
Advanced PC, MS Office, and software skills, including word processing, spreadsheets, graphics, and databases
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; attention to detail
Strong research skills
Strong verbal / written communication skills
Strong time-management skills
Ability to communicate / show your work on assigned accounting processes / tasks
Can you...
Function in a fast-paced, retail, office environment
Travel by car or plane with overnight stays
Sit for extended periods
Work extended hours
05-2019
