Group O is searching for a Campaign Analyst to join its growing team. This position is primarily responsible for management of strategic requirements in the context of data/technical capabilities. The candidate will create design for customer selection in regards to direct marketing and campaign lists.
Location-San Antonio, TX or El Segundo, CA

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Adeptly facilitate meetings to capture requirements
Provide recommendations and valuable insights to clients to assist with the design and development of the targeted marketing request and campaigns.
Create use cases and test scenarios as needed to communicate the approach and validate the solution.
Develop functional specifications and system design specifications in conjunction with marketing, legal and other consultative roles.
Assist in time-line/schedule enforcement, testing strategies, and issue tracking.
Advanced SQL coding skills, to understand campaign GUI back-end processing & for troubleshooting.
Perform quality checks on other team member’s campaign with 100% accuracy.

Ability to write/run SQL queries in a large database environment on demand for investigations.
Must be a strong SQL Coder with Data Mining Skills (Understands complex coding processes, i.e. joins-inner & outer, aggregating data, building temp tables, formatting data, and import & export processes).
ETL (Extract, Transfer & Load) processing preferred
Expert knowledge of aggregating data using complex SQL code. i.e., using functions such as SUM, COUNT, CASE statements, etc.
Experience in a List Management or generation: can work well with business clients to gather requirements and successfully translate requirements into code.
Ability to work independently and within teams with a focus on detail and can work on several projects at the same time. Ability to think outside of the box and excel in problem solving.
Nice to have’s include knowledge of Salesforce, AWS Cloud, Palantir, Python.
Bachelor’s Degree/Equivalent, or 3-5 years related experience.

Desired Skills:
Manage campaign work-flows using Aprimo Enterprise 8.0.
2+ years' experience in various Campaign tools- Creating campaign target designs using Affinium Campaign, version 8.2 or related software.
Crystal Reports - Business Objects, Silver Pop, Roojoom and other similar GUI campaign programs and platforms and Cloud based knowledge
Nice to haves include:Oracle SQL, Oracle Responsys, Microsoft Power BI, TOAD, Palantir Metropolis
At least one-year experience in Marketing campaign management or list generation.
Ability and drive to do data research on questions without receiving specific directions.
Background in CRM or direct marketing, with a strong aptitude for program management.
Demonstrated strong analytic and fact-based decision-making skills, especially as related to CRM campaign design.
Possess outstanding computer skills and be proficient using Microsoft Office products including Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.
