Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Washington, DC

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It's what drives us to turn bold ideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with what works across the world's leading businesses, we use agile approaches to help clients solve their toughest problems fast-the first time. So, you can deliver what matters most.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

The Senior Business Analyst (Sr. BA) is a key member of the IT implementation team. In addition to being responsible for business analysis, the Sr. BA will be responsible for coordinating all project scope-related activities, including gathering requirements to analyze, design and/or implement technology best practice business changes. He or she will work with senior members of the team ensuring the successful delivery of a COTS implementation. The Sr. BA should have solid function and/or industry knowledge with COTS products such as MS Dynamics, Salesforce, Pega, Appian.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Delivery Lead/Project Manager to maintain and coordinate communication with the customer/client throughout each project.
Work with the project team to gather the business and functional requirements, by scoping defining, and prioritizing requirements.
Mapping functional requirements to COTS product features and functionality.
Understand and document requirements for configuring, testing and launching
