Business Analyst

Lackland AFB, TX (San Antonio)

Full-time

Job Summary

The Business Analyst will serve as a liaison among NAFI stakeholders in order to elicit, analyze, communicate, and validate requirements for changes to business processes and information systems.

Responsibilities
Maintain an understanding of business problems and opportunities in the context of contract requirements.
Conduct the elicitation and management of business and system level requirements in an Agile Scrum framework, utilizing industry standard tools to manage requirements.
Conduct scoping, requirements elicitation, business modeling, requirements management, and feasibility and cost benefit analysis.
Recommend solutions that enable NAFI to achieve its goals distinct from financial analysis,
project management, quality assurance, organizational development, testing, training &
documentation development.
Validate that solutions delivered meet the business needs of NAFI.
Produce business analyst technical and functional documents, including case tools based on PMI standards.
Perform other qualified duties as required.
Required Skills
Knowledge of DoD or other federal Government contracting, FAR, and related terms/regulations.
Knowledge of Government contracts, correspondence, reports, and records.
Knowledge of Project Management Institute (PMI) standards.
Ability to understand and proofread complex system requirements and specifications.
Demonstrated ability to apply analytical / critical thinking skills.
Possesses interpersonal skills to maintain communications and positive relationships with diverse stakeholders, including in a virtual setting.
Attention to detail and ability to handle multiple tasks independently.
Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office (e.g., Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project).
Qualifications and Education
U.S. citizenship required.
Five (5) years of Government project management experience or comparable work experience required.
BA or BS in an associated IT discipline preferred.
Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Government National Agency Check with Law and Credit (NACLC) clearance, as required.
Ability to successfully pass employment background and/or drug testing checks required.
Valid state Driver's License with acceptable driving record required.
Prior military service or experience working closely with a U.S. military customer, preferred.
PLEASE NOTE

Candidates interested in relocating to San Antonio, TX (Lackland AFB area - 78236) will be considered.

EEO/Drug Free Workplace Statement:

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Our company takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

Our company maintains a drug-free workplace. All offers of employment will be contingent on applicant passing a pre-employment drug screen.
