Job Description


Job #: 1070805

We're looking for a Decision Science Analyst in the San Antonio area! The position would start off fully remote to start! The details are below - if interested please email Liam @ lschmidt@apexsystems.com.

Title: Mid Decision Science Analyst

Location: San Antonio, TX

Remote Option: Yes, until COVID clears

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative discipline or 6 years equivalent work experience.
2+ years experience in a decision support analytic function.
1+ Quantitative analysis experience.
Experience applying statistical/mathematical decisioning and/or testing methodologies.
Some experience in influencing business decisions.
Demonstrates competency in mathematical and statistical techniques and approaches used to drive fact-based decision-making.
Experience presenting and communicating findings/recommendations to team members.
Advanced knowledge of data analysis tools.
Advanced knowledge in developing analysis queries and procedures in SQL, SAS, BI tools or other analysis software.
Advanced knowledge of relevant industry data & methods and demonstrated ability to connect external insights to business problems.
Demonstrated ability to influence business decisions.
Preferred Requirements:
3+ years experience in a decision support analytic function.
2+ years quantitative analysis experience.
Some experience with statistical process control, six sigma, design of experiment, AB testing, data mining, association and correlation.
Experience working with large "Big Data" datasets.
Job Duties:
Leverages advanced business/analytical knowledge to participate in and may lead discussions with cross-functional teams to understand complex business objectives and influence solution strategies. The business problems analyzed are typically medium to large scale with significant impact to current and/or future business strategy. Organizes and may oversee the development of requirements/resources necessary to meet objectives.
Collaborates with stakeholders to gather, consolidate and validate business assumptions relevant to the solution strategy, prior to initiating and throughout the analytical process.
Identifies and gathers the relevant and quality data sources required to fully answer and address the problem for the recommended strategy. Integrates/transforms disparate data sources and applies the appropriate data hygiene techniques.
Determines and conducts appropriate exploratory data analysis (EDA) techniques on candidate data sets. Uses appropriate sampling techniques to select data subset for EDA.
Thoroughly documents assumptions, methodology, validation and testing to facilitate peer reviews. Subsequent analysts should be able to rely on documentation to replicate and continue work.
Continuously leverages expert business/analytical knowledge to test initial solutions with relevant cross-functional teams in order to gain additional insight into intended and unintended implications; the larger the potential business impact the broader the audience.
Applies innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make 'insight to action' recommendations to answer the business objective and drive the appropriate change. Translates recommendation into communication materials to effectively present to colleagues for peer review and mid-to-upper level management. Incorporates visualization techniques to support the relevant points of the analysis and ease the understanding for less technical audiences.
Succinctly delivers analysis/findings in a manner that conveys understanding, influences senior executives, and garners support for recommendations. Recommendations may have a major impact on business results. Provides subject matter expertise in operationalizing recommendations.
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
