Purpose of Job
Responsible for the implementation of solutions for complex business problems. Serves as a team leader to other Analysts who are responsible for supporting key operational functions and providing recommendations for improvement.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)
Develops and maintains an understanding of overall business functions with in-depth knowledge of specific areas/functions and related activities.
Provides expertise in development of business goals and objectives to exploit all distribution channels, leverage use of data, and simplify processes.
Serves as focal point for external agencies/service providers regarding daily operational activities or proposed strategic changes to the services being performed.
Provides operational support on current processes and supports business operations and management in identifying opportunities and solutions to meet current and future business needs.
Organizes and defines parameters of assigned projects and assembles relevant data for said project(s).
Validates information and interfaces with other departments to include presentations of documented findings, alternatives and recommended actions.
Represents the business or staff agency as the subject matter expert on special projects and initiatives, as necessary.
Participates in the planning, research, analysis, development, and implementation of new and modifications to existing applications and processes to provide new or improved capabilities, products, and/or services.
Maintains broad system knowledge, stays current on all system enhancements, identifies training needs and implements plans.
Assists with the documentation of new and revised departmental procedures.
Gathers information, analyzes data and trends, identifies root causes, and develops work products.
Serves as a resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a routine nature.
Performs research, analysis, and resolution of account issues through the use of reports. Reviews, validates, and/or analyzes reports that function as a control to existing processes.
Generates and/or develops regulatory and management reports. Develops and analyzes additional ad-hoc reports as needed by Management and or Regulatory Agencies.
Minimum Experience
Bachelor's Degree OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
6 or more years of experience as an analyst or equivalent experience.
Advanced knowledge in a wide variety of systems coordination, process/product review initiatives and the development of management information requirements for related business functions.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Experience
2 years of experience pricing consumer lending products
4 or more years of working knowledge of Auto Finance
4 or more years working in a large financial institution
Experience with coding tools such as SAS, Python, R
Coordinate design and implementation of reporting dashboards (Tableau)
Assist with gathering and utilizing competitive and market intelligence to drive business decisions
Monitor production for key trends and recommend modifications to strategy
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/15/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
