Purpose of Job
As a member of the second line of defense, the Compliance and Operational Risk Testing Analyst executes independent testing under the Enterprise Testing program methodology to ensure departmental processes and activities comply with applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures. The incumbent will compile and retain well documented work papers to create accurate and concise written reports including issues, root cause and recommended corrective action.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)
Under guidance, develops the steps needed to test and/or analyze compliance with applicable policies/procedures and laws/regulations.
Analyzes and assesses formal and informal policies and procedures related to processes and controls for effectiveness related to risk controls.
Under minimal guidance, conducts appropriate, independent testing to ensure operational risks and compliance requirements are adhered to.
Prepares detailed and objective work papers to support conclusions.
Completes assigned compliance and operational risk testing activities in accordance with established timelines and high standards of quality.
Gathers information, analyzes data trends, identifies root causes, and provides information to the team and relevant stakeholders.
Identifies potential control weaknesses and makes recommendations to remediate issues.
Summarizes the results of testing in clear, accurate and concise written reports. Maintains accountability for the completeness and accuracy of testing results/reports.
Builds, develops, and maintains relationships with business and internal control partners (Audit, Risk & Compliance, Legal) to facilitate collaboration between all lines of defense for testing.
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's degree and 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
Minimum Experience:
4 or more or more years relevant work experience.
Advanced knowledge of relevant regulatory data sources.
Advanced knowledge of data analysis tools and techniques.
Advanced knowledge of relevant industry regulations.
Advanced knowledge of regulatory compliance.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office tools to include Word, Excel and Powerpoint.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Experience:
4 or more years of relevant experience independently testing for compliance and/or operational risks, internal/external auditing, or as a federal/state examiner of the roles/responsibilities of the CFO functional
4 or more years of relevant experience within a banking, insurance, or other financial services industry, with a focus on the governance, monitoring, oversight, and/or reporting responsibilities of the Chief Financial Office function.
Strong understanding of building, testing, and evaluating the adequacy of internal control design and operating effectiveness, preferably with Internal Controls over Financial Reporting.
Demonstrated experience with the execution of Second Line of Defense compliance and/or operational risk testing, including compliance risk management principles
Masters degree in Accounting, Finance, Business, Risk Management, or related field of study.
Possesses or working towards one of the following designations: Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certification in Risk Management Assurance (CRMA), Certified Financial Services Auditor (CFSA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), or Certified Regulatory Compliance Manager (CRCM).
Ability to present complex ideas in a clearly articulated, easy to understand format with a proven ability to communicate effectively across 1st and 2nd lines of defense
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/02/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.

area.
