Job Description


Job #: 1077003

Title: Business Systems Analyst

Location: San Antonio, TX. Will be starting remote

Duration: 6 months contract, potential to extend or convert

Job Description:
Plans, conducts and may direct the analysis of complex business issues to be solved with information systems. Provides technical assistance in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures which are cost effective and meet user requirements. Formulates and defines application scope and objectives and devises/modifies procedures to solve business problems. Applies a broad knowledge of various functions and technical expertise to accurately anticipate organizational impacts. Plans and creates detailed specifications for information systems to meet business requirements. May work with a variety of computer languages, systems, and hardware configurations. May work directly with the customer. May provide work direction and guidance to others. May function as team leader for projects with moderate budgets and short to intermediate duration.
Skill/Technologies:
HCM Functionality
Knowledge of Oracle HCM
Ability to work in a fast paced environment
Understands Agile principles and methods
Understands key need for tracking ticket progression and associated metrics
Experience in writing technical and strategic paper
If you are interested in this role, please send your most up to date resume to Patrick Herbelin at pherbelin@apexsystems.com

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
