Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)

Youll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:
Lead team of analyzers to define business needs, documents requirements and translates needs into functional, non-functional and/or technical specifications
Ensure Delivers requirements, performs analysis, and evaluates downstream business, systems, process, and/or organizational impacts
Prepare/Plans and assists with oversight of testing processes and activities including defect identification and resolution
Ensure quality and analysis of charts and/or diagrams of the problem to be programmed and defines system requirements in terms of system capabilities
Develops or assists in the development of work plans, time schedules, and project task items and schedules and assists with estimating resource needs for analysts, programmers, user personnel, consultants, equipment, and prepares routine project status reports
Assists in the development of project cost and benefit estimates to establish project worth including the development of alternative considerations. This will result in recommendations for the installation of new systems or equipment, or to change existing systems and equipment
Advises the appropriate people on the implications of existing IT systems that can be applied to a problem. Identifies risks and issues, and seeks approval on complex matters
Checks, instructs, assigns work, and otherwise functionally directs technical staff in order to achieve desired end-results on complex problems
Provides subject matter expert and operational support to internal business partners, support management as Lead for moving workload of team resources and driving deliverable
Performs all other related duties as assigned
Youll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field required. (5 additional years of comparable work experience beyond the required years of experience may be substituted in lieu of a Bachelor's degree)
Five or more years experience in developing requirements and performing system analysis
Five or more years experience of major software systems implementation experience
Strong understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
Experience supporting management staff as a Lead, to Drive Results and build team cohesiveness
Experience analyzing and documenting process and data flow
Previous experience working with both internal and external clients.
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. We're innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. We're impacting 380,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. We've joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

2018 OptumCare. All Rights Reserved.

OptumCare is committed to creating an environment where physicians focus on what they do best: care for their patients. To do so, OptumCare provides administrative and business support services to both owned and affiliated medical practices which are part of OptumCare. Each medical practice part and their physician employees have complete authority with regards to all medical decision-making and patient care. OptumCares support services do not interfere with or control the practice of medicine by the medical practices or any of their physicians.
WellMed was founded in 1990 with a vision of being a physician-led company that could change the face of healthcare delivery for seniors. Through the WellMed Care Model, we specialize in helping our patients stay healthy by providing the care they need from doctors who care about them. We partner with multiple Medicare Advantage health plans in Texas and Florida and look forward to continuing growth.

*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Groups Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: OptumCare is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employers and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

OptumCare is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment
