Description

Job Description:


The Logistics & Mission Support operation at Leidos currently has an opening for a Logistics Analyst I to work at Fort Gordon in Georgia. This is an exciting opportunity to use your experience helping the INSCOM G4 mission.

Primary Responsibilities
Enhances product workflow by analyzing and developing logistics plans that affect production, distribution, and inventory.
Creates and reviews procedures for distribution and inventory management to maximize customer satisfaction and minimize cost.
Ensures rational distribution and delivery according to analysis report and tracking records.
Participates in the day-to-day provisioning, spares, or maintenance/repair activities for one or more programs.
Prepares requisition documents and forwards to applicable sources.
Maintains the document register, assigns document numbers, and records the status and demand for material.
Monitors the status of requisitions in the document register.
Provides status to customers and maintains a register of cancelled requisitions.
Conducts a monthly reconciliation of the document register and determines appropriate courses of action.
Maintain stock control levels and reorders parts.
Requisitions, receives, stores, issues, segregates, cares, preserves, inspect, and accurately inventories equipment and repair parts. Processes repairable/turn-in items.
Maintain accountability of equipment and equipment/supply stockage.
Participates in the conduct of routine market surveys.
Supports US Army systems on site whenever and wherever deployed. Available to deploy to other countries and/or theaters to perform quick reaction technical support to US forces worldwide military contingency missions and requirements in potentially hazardous work environments.
Able to maneuver in small spaces and lift up to 50lbs.
Knowledge in shipping, receiving, storing, issuing stock control measures and accounting procedures.
Knowledge in handling, movement, storage, and maintenance of ammunition, medical and food supplies.
Establish and maintain stock records and other documents such as inventory, material control, accounting and supply reports.
Review and verify quantities received against bills of contracts, purchase requests and shipping documents.
Unload, unpack, count, segregate, palletize and store incoming supplies and equipment.
Construct bins, shelving and other storage aids.
Simplify and standardize the collection and use of maintenance data.
Raise the quality and accuracy of performance, cost and parts data through improved maintenance management.
Assist with the deployment and redeployment of personnel and equipment.
Basic Qualifications
Associates Degree in Logistics or Business Administration from an accredited university/college with four years of experience in military logistics; or BS degree with 2+ years of experience, or military equivalent training in Logistics and six years of experience.
Global Combat Support System-Army (GCSS-A) experience.
Defense Property Accountability System (DPAS) experience.
Experience in the operation of office equipment such as word processors, secure telephones, and copiers.
The ability to use existing logistics database programs to collect maintenance, supply, and logistics information for reports and briefings.
Knowledge of the Federal Supply System.
Knowledge of packing and shipping requirements.
Fluent in the English language including the ability to read, write, and comprehend relevant logistics documentation.
Basic knowledge in operating MS-Office Suite including Word, Excel, Power Point.
Knowledge of basic military logistics, supply and maintenance shop operations.
INSCOMG4

External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Logistics

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
