Job Description:

Job Title
Supply Chain Analyst

Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World

Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 93,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.

This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.

“I’ve seen firsthand how 3M is a place where curious, creative and collaborative people thrive and build a rewarding career. As a leader in this company, my goal is to ensure each 3Mer sees and feels the positive impact they’re making around the world, and that they know they’re valued.” – Kristen Ludgate, senior vice president of Human Resources at 3M

The Impact You’ll Make in this Role

The Supply Chain Analyst for Master Production Planning (MPP) is responsible for creating the monthly Master Production Plan for the Advanced Wound Therapy (AWT) portfolio: KCI, Systagenix, and Crawford Branded products within 3M’s Medical Solutions Division. A successful analyst supports the first level of Sales & Operations Planning as they work to balance customer satisfaction, inventory investment, and manufacturing efficiency while representing 3M’s values to a diverse audience.

As a Supply Chain Analyst, you will have the opportunity to tap into your curiosity and collaborate with some of the most innovative and diverse people around the world. Here, you will make an impact by:
Collecting and validating demand requirements from the Global Demand planning teams. Demand requirements include sales forecasts, planned orders, and non-commercial inventory
Owning the mathematical model for the 3M supply chain; identifying time phased supply requirements to meet demand. This model will use standard DRP or APS planning logic and must consider regulatory and logistic constraints
Proactively working with manufacturing partners on upcoming production risks (shutdowns, facility moves, regulatory changes) and create buffer inventory to responsibly protect customer service
Providing justification and analysis to the manufacturing teams to help them understand any large changes in the MPP from one cycle to the next
Distributing the monthly MPP to the manufacturing teams according to the agreed upon calendar
Facilitate the commitment process in which manufacturing sites align their production plans with the MPP requirements
Interact and engage with business leaders to define objectives and coordinate across 3M
Representing the Supply Chain Team as the primary point of contact for projects and business objectives involving manufacturing planning signals
Solving complex business problems across several regions; integrating data into actionable plans
Providing analytical support to Sales and Operations Planning and the Supply Chain team
Establishing and tracking metrics to measure progress to goals (In Stock Rate, Weeks of supply, etc.)
Your Skills and Expertise

To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M is looking for candidates who must have the following qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, Supply Chain, Engineering or related field (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution
Five (5) years relevant work experience in supply chain, operations, logistics planning, financial analysis, or business modeling in a private, public, government, or military environment.
Experience working with ERP, MRP II, MRP, SCP, APS, or DRP systems.
Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
Intense curiosity and passion for data quality
Ability to establish and maintain effective interpersonal working relationships with internal customers, internal/external suppliers and fellow team members at all levels
Strong analytical skills with demonstrated experience in visual display, reporting to senior leadership and influencing the outcome
Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of applications (Excel, Access, Outlook, etc.)
Travel: May include up to 10% domestic

Relocation Assistance: May be authorized

Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).

Supporting Your Well-being

3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.

Resources for You

For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.

Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.

Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.

3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement

Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms.

Please access the linked document by clicking here, select the country where you are applying for employment, and review. Before submitting your application you will be asked to confirm your agreement with the terms.
