Xenex Disinfection Services is looking for a passionate Software Quality Assurance Analyst to help further Xenex’s competitive edge to continue our mission to save lives and reduce suffering caused by hospital-acquired infections (HAIs). Xenex’s patented room disinfection system reduces the bacterial load that is often associated with an increased risk for healthcare-associated infections (HAIs).

As an employee of Xenex, you will be part of a rapidly growing organization that is impacting patients’ lives. It doesn’t get more rewarding than that! We are looking for candidates who are willing to give their all in this role. In exchange for your passion and dedication, we can offer you an entrepreneurial and rewarding environment where employees are highly respected and valued.

OVERVIEW:

We are looking for a Software Business Quality Assurance Analyst to join our smart and savvy tech team to work in a dynamic, collaborative culture where talent is valued. As an Analyst with Xenex, you will learn something new every day by working on innovative and disruptive technology. We are looking for Analysts who bring fresh ideas from all areas. You will work on specific projects to design a testing infrastructure and perform tests on software that will directly influence the growth of an innovative, fast paced company in the healthcare industry. We need our Analyst to be versatile and enthusiastic to tackle new problems. You must be able to think through hard scenarios and contribute innovative risk management. If you are looking to develop your career by working on a variety of technologies including, but not limited to, robotics, we want to talk to you. As a Analyst at Xenex you will be responsible for the following:

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Implement effective strategies for gathering, reviewing and analyzing data requirements
Gather and document functional and design requirements to ensure thorough understanding of the business needs
Work with the Product Owner to prioritize requirements
Work with the software development team to clarify requirements and identify blockers.
Create effective presentations including clear agendas and conceptual prototype mock-ups
Analyze prioritized requirements to create epics, features, user stories, and bugs.
Analyze specifications and requirements to create test cases and coverage plans
Create manual and automated test cases
Prepare QA reports (oral and written) as applicable
Display advanced strategic business process modeling, traceability and quality management techniques
Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members
Assist developers and engineers in efforts to troubleshoot software and hardware issues to isolate the root cause of a problem and provide satisfactory resolution so that the application meets availability and quality standards
Apply best practices for effective communication and problem-solving
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
10+ years’ experience Business and/or Quality Assurance Analyst
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Engineering or related field required (Master’s preferred)
Experience creating graphical screen mockups
Excellent manual test case development skills
Experience writing SQL queries
Experience working with Agile Methodologies, such as Scrum and Kanban
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Excellent analytical skills
ADDED BONUS:
Experience creating comprehensive test plan strategies
Experience managing work items in TFS, VSO, or VSTS
Experience working with automated testing tool using Selenium or other automated web tools
Experience with performance testing
Experience with load testing
Experience with API testing
Experience with database testing
Experience with Android testing
Experience with Visual Studio Mobile Center, Ghost Inspector, Experience using Java, SQL Server, IntelliJ
Xenex is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to fill vacant positions with qualified candidates without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation and genetic information assuming an individual can perform the essential functions of the job with or without accommodation. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
