The Risk Adjustment Analyst
supports the Sr. Vice President of Risk Adjustment by providing professional
assistance, project management, and recommendations on business needs. The
position is responsible for providing analysis skills, monitoring organizational
performance to plan, identifying factors to determine and recommend areas of
business development and enhancement, and developing clear action plans to
drive processes.

Primary
Responsibilities:

Examines and
performs statistical and data management analyses, develops and presents a
variety of performance results in addition to other pertinent communication.
Transfers data into meaningful, professional, and easy to understand formats
for leadership. Reviews data, develops recommendations and reviews findings
with senior managementAnalyzes and
extracts data from the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and other sources to
report to internal and external customersDesigns,
develops, tests, documents and maintains database queries for ad hoc reporting
used in complex conceptual analyses for all departments within Risk Adjustment
Operations and for external departments such as Finance (HCE) or other Care
Delivery Organizations (CDOs) within the Optum familyDevelops
systematic reporting processes and procedures to ensure timely delivery of
daily, weekly, monthly, annual, and ad hoc reports to support key departmental
and corporate initiativesRecommends and
implements new or modified reporting methods and procedures to improve business
processes, report content and completeness of informationServes as the
liaison between departments, markets and IT for all Risk Adjustment reporting
needs. Troubleshoots all errors and data inconsistencies and coordinates
resolutions to issues as directed by self, staff, regional market leadership,
and corporate managementActs as a single
point of contact for assigned Risk Adjustment programs and projects, as
warranted. Plans, develops, implements and evaluates programs and projects,
coordinates business goals and objectives, collaborates with project team
members, develops measureable project goals and objectives and monitors
progress to completion. Facilitates communication between team members and
identifies and coordinates assignment of internal and external resources to
meet project requirementsPlans and assists
with testing processes and activities including new report or analytics
methodology validation Conducts
project meetings to include meeting regularly with project team to review
deliverables and deadlines. Responsible for developing and updating various
types of project documentation such as communication plans, project schedules,
issue logs, etc. Responsible
for documenting and updating changes to workflow, training plans, policies and
procedures, as directedPerforms
complex business analysis using appropriate project tools and identifies best
practice approaches to ensure overall project successPerforms
all other related duties as assigned

Youll be rewarded
and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you
and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well
as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
