STRATEGIC STAFFING SOLUTIONS HAS AN OPENING! Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) prides itself on being an international IT Staffing and Solutions Company with 29 years' experience recruiting and managing exceptional IT and Business consultants for customers in the Financial, Energy, Public Sector and Retail Distribution industries. A privately held, financially strong, woman-owned company, S3 is a full service IT firm, with 24 major market locations in the U.S! Title IT Business Systems Analyst Location San Antonio, TX If you are qualified and or would like to apply, please select "apply button or send your updated MS Word Resume in to Nick Cavazos Sr. Technical Sourcing Specialist at ncavazosstrategicstaff.com . Minimum Requirements 3+ years Data Warehouse development implementation experience 3+ years of process improvement experience 5+ years business requirements gathering experience such as Green Belt AGILE LEAN Certification or equivalent. 3+ years with Business Analytics Visualization Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office tools to include Word, Excel, and Power Point. Basic knowledge of dimensional modeling. Working knowledge of Business Intelligence Tools, preferably BO. Nice to Have Qualifications Bachelor of EngineeringComputer Science and Technology CBIP - Data Warehousing Business Analyst Job DutiesRequirements Lead business requirements gathering sessions with peer partners and business SMEs to ensure capabilities and requirements are understood and aligned to strategic data initiatives. Lead requirement refinement sessions with project team and business sponsor and SME's to obtain agreement on proposed solutions and capabilities. A Business Requirements Analyst will be able to Ability to quickly learn and understand business processes Ability to learn and understand key metrics for given processes Ability to act as an advisor to ensure metric alignment with strategic goals and desired behaviors Ability to map requirements to data readiness.(work closely with IT) Ability to map requirements to data visualization such as Report Mock Ups Prepare requirement artifacts like RSM, Data Elements, Use-case, scenarios, Report Mock ups etc Fully understand business requirements and be able to translatepresent them to the project team and the business SMES. Work with IT architecture to ensure the design and implementation of the solution meets the business needs. Ability to create, communicate, and deliver business solutions by leading and facilitating cross-functional, collaborative teams. Analyze processes to understand impact to requirements and data acquisition and consumption. Drive to appropriate measures for key business metrics based on analysis. Under minimal supervision, perform moderately complex to complex work assignments and problem resolution. Conduct basic statistical analysis and identify and validate business requirements. Conduct data analysis in conjunction with IT partners. Acquire and apply intermediate knowledge of the business, channels, and their applications and processes. Gather information, analyze data trends, identify root cause(s) and impact, and provide information to the business or project teams. Utilize knowledge of customers, products, processes to analyze business problem(s) and determine identify defects or issues. Assist in development of change management and training materials. Offshore - Onsite Coordination Competencies Must be adaptable to changing environments flexible in work assignments, able to collaborate with teams of various knowledge and skills. Must be able to drive for results. Must be innovative. Must have excellent follow up skills. Provide industry insights and enhance business processes WE OFFER A REFERRAL FEE FOR ANYONE REFERRED HIRED WITH S3! Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3), based in Detroit, Michigan, prides itself on being an international, woman-owned, 260 million IT and Business Services Corporation. We are ranked 16th among the largest staffing firms in the US by Staffing Industry Report and are one of five companies nationally certified as a Charter Partner with Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 provides IT consulting, customized project solutions, vendor management programs and executive search services to financial institutions, insurance, energy, oilgas, telecommunication, government, retail and health care industries worldwide. We have more than 2,700 consultants and 31 offices in the US and Europe.S3 is also proud to be nationally recognized as both a Military Friendly and Military Spouse Friendly Employer. As an S3 employee, you're eligible for a full benefits package which may include Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401(k) Plan, Vacation Package, Life Disability Insurance Plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, and Tuition Reimbursement. The global mission of S3 is to build trusting relationships and deliver solutions that positively impact our customers, our consultants, and our communities. The four pillars of our company are to Set the bar high for what a company should do, Create jobs, Offer people an opportunity to succeed and change their station in life, and improve the communities where we live and work through volunteering and charitable giving. Strategic Staffing Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer D1-NC
