About us:

Staffigo is in the business of providing IT Consulting Services to clients in various industries in the United States - Healthcare (Payer, Providers & Clearinghouses), Finance & Banking, Retail & E-Commerce. As our customers are being challenged by further advances in technology, the evolution of regulation and an ever more demanding customer base to retain, Staffigo continues to innovate, disrupt and to address the challenges that shape the future of our industry. While our team focuses on providing quality, we stand firmly behind our values of Hard Work - Constantly and Consistently. We always remember to be grateful for the opportunities provided to us.

We are currently seeking exceptional entry level talent for the below role.

Job Description:
Define business and technical requirements based on business problems
Compare and validate potential 3rd party technology solutions as needed
Translate and simplify requirements for optimizing execution and outcomes
Elicit input from multiple stakeholders and integrate feedback to identify the optimal solution
Contribute to maintaining an environment where continuous improvement of the development process is in focus and where everyoneâs common goal is to deliver outstanding software as fast as possible
Perform GAP analysis to determine if business requirements are being met
Help coach the team through tough challenges e.g. delivering new functionality with a tight deadline while the team optimizes existing code for performance
Actively try to identify areas of improvement and conceptualize methods on how to be more efficient
Help Product Owner and team write high quality user stories explaining business problems and product concepts in a concise manner
Use of requirements to drive the design or review of test cases and process change requests
Evaluate company processes and procedures, make recommendations and deploy new strategies when applicable
Minimum Requirements:
Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field of study.
No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
Must be Open for Re-Location.
Powered by JazzHR
