Additional Information:
This announcement may be used to fill one or more vacancies.
This public notice may be used to fill target grades (i.e. GS-05 and GS-07).
Duties and responsibilities vary and may increase according to grade level.IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience; transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.GENERAL EXPERIENCE:GS-05: Three years of general experience, one year of which was equivalent to the next lower grade (GS-04) or equivalent. General experience may have included knowledge of work assignments consisting of a series of specific and related tasks have been selected to orient the employee in the practical application of basic occupational principles, concepts, and techniques.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:GS-07: At least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade (GS-05) or equivalent. Specialized experience which included employee knowledge of locating and selecting the most appropriate guidelines and procedures for application, and making minor deviation to adapt the guidelines to specific cases.
OR,
To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link:https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0300/management-and-program-analysis-series-0343/

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Knowledge of basic principles, concepts, and practices of Affirmative Employment Program and Special Emphasis Programs.
Skill in applying basic principles, concepts, and practices of the occupation sufficient to perform entry-level assignments in Affirmative Employment Program and Special Emphasis Programs.
Skill in communicating factual and procedural information clearly, orally and in writing.
Ability to analyze problems to identify significant factors, gather pertinent data, and recognize solutions.
Ability to plan and organize work, and consult effectively with co-workers.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
