Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Ft. Knox

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

Our growing TMT Team is seeking a Business Consultant with strong communication and leadership skills to support new and existing deployments of our Task Management Tool (TMT). In this position, you will navigate a complex work environment to collaborate with business users, project sponsors, senior leadership and supporting teams to support, update and expand the functionality of our CRM based TMT tool. You will be supported both on-site and remotely by experienced Accenture Federal Services specialists in technology, application development and project management. Responsibilities include:
Ensure all training and communication activities are delivered according to the work plan
Work with functional team to perform the training impact assessment
Help perform the stakeholder analysis and draft the communication plan
Analyze impact of the new processes and functionality to determine the degree of impact on training requirements and required courses
Teach users new functionality of the tool
Work with front offices on best practices
Troubleshoot application issues identified by end users
