Purpose of Job
We are seeking a talented Decision Science Analyst Lead to work in any of our offices or remotely.

Provide decision support for business areas across the enterprise. Staff in this area will be responsible for applying mathematical and statistical techniques and/or innovative /quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make 'insight to action' recommendations to answer business objectives and drive change. The essence of work performed by the Decision Science Analyst involves gathering, manipulating and synthesizing data (e.g., attributes, transactions, behaviors, etc.), models and other relevant information to draw conclusions and make recommendations resulting in implementable strategies. Serves as a coach and mentor; and provides guidance to cross-functional team members to ensure success in achieving business objectives
Job Requirements


ABOUT USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

ABOUT USAA IT

Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 12 million members who rely on us every day.

We are over 5,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine.

See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:

USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview
Leverages expert business/analytical knowledge to lead discussions with cross functional teams to understand and collaborate highly complex business objectives and influence solution strategies.
The business problems analyzed are typically large scale with significant impact to current and/or future business strategy.
Organizes and oversees the development of requirements/resources necessary to meet objectives.
Applies innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make 'insight to action' recommendations to answer the business objective and drive the appropriate change.
Translates recommendation into communication materials to effectively present to all levels of management.
Incorporates visualization techniques to support the relevant points of the analysis and ease the understanding for less technical audiences.
Identifies and gathers the relevant and quality data sources required to fully answer and address the problem for the recommended strategy through testing or exploratory data analysis (EDA).
Integrates/transforms disparate data sources and determines the appropriate data hygiene techniques to apply.
Thoroughly documents assumptions, methodology, validation and testing to facilitate peer reviews.
Subsequent analysts should be able to rely on documentation to replicate and continue work.
Monitors, understands and adopts emerging technology that can affect the application of scientific methodologies and/or quantitative analytical approaches to problem resolutions.
Succinctly delivers complex analysis/findings in a manner that conveys understanding, influences senior executives, garners support for recommendations, drives business decisions, and influences business strategy.
Recommendations typically have a major impact on business results.
Provides subject matter expertise in operationalizing recommendations.
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Sciences or other quantitative discipline (4 years work experience in statistics, mathematics or quantitative analytics or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required)
OR
A Master's Degree in quantitative analytics or a related field
OR
A PhD in quantitative analytics or a related field
Minimum Experience:
If Bachelor's degree, 8 or more years experience in a decision support analytic function.
OR
If Master's Degree, 6 or more years experience in a decision support analytic function.
OR
If PhD, 5 or more years experience in a decision support analytic function
3 or more years of direct and/or indirect management experience
Demonstrates expert skills in mathematical and statistical techniques and approaches used to drive fact-based decision-making
Successful completion of a job-related assessment may be required
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Experience
Ability to write white papers based on findings and applied methodologies.
Experience creating presentations that demonstrate the findings, strategies, and justification for influence
Utilize mind mapping techniques to develop insights and thought patterns
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/16/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
