Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Baltimore, MD

We are:

Proudly dedicated to serving the federal government. As a U.S. based subsidiary of Accenture, we serve every cabinet-level department and the 30 largest federal organizations with wide ranging missions. we bring the New to life using design thinking and agile development methodologies. We love partnering with clients, serving up unparalleled results, and having fun while we do it. And we give every member of our team personalized chances to grow. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry.

You are:

The SAP Business Analyst is responsible for business process and system analysis, design/translating business requirements to technical requirements, testing, troubleshooting, and implementation of components in an enterprise SAP environment. The SAP Business Analyst will work closely with architects, developers, technical services (i.e. BASIS, Middleware, Portal) and business analysts to perform business analyst functions and resposbilities . The SAP Business Analyst is involved in maintenance, enhancement and/or development work of SAP modules and those that interface with other applications. The SAP Business Analyst has a range of skills and knowledge of the technologies used and applications supported. The SAP Business Analyst will provide change management and training support. The SAP Business Analyst is required to participate in pager/on-call support. The SAP Business Analyst will provide estimates of software development cost and schedule.

The Work:
Work with Client, Accenture, and Teaming Partner team members and executives on and across the project team.
Plan and execute all required process steps as defined in our and client methodologies.
Provide SAP application support in a timely manner.
Analyze, design, troubleshooting, and test break/fix requests and enhancements to SAP modules.
Provide change management and training support for SAP enhancements.
Identify, track and resolve issues and risks affecting the SAP application.
Work with Client, Accenture, and Teaming Partner team members to gather and interpret functional user/system requirements into system specifications.
Design SAP components to functional and technical programming standards.
Provide support toward installation of application releases into production as directed.
Coordinate and participate in structured peer reviews / walkthroughs.
Create operational documentation.
Perform system, interface, and batch monitoring as required
Meet service commitments for assigned deliverables and proactively provide work status.
Continuously develop industry knowledge and associated skills.
