Designs, develops, implements, tests, deploys, supports, and documents Microsoft based solutions across a variety of distributed platforms. Plays a role in defining, growing, enhancing, and implementing the web technology strategy to position the web environment for the long term. Utilizes the Integrated Solution Group's varied web technology to enhance business capabilities and increase process efficiency both within MIS and with the lines of business in the organization. Works with the lines of business to understand and transpose business requirements into pragmatic solutions utilizing standard MIS procedures and technology that are cost effective and designed commensurate with their importance. Develops, maintains, and configures Microsoft infrastructure tools and utilities and any ancillary technologies used to complement the Microsoft solutions in the Credit Union. Ensures new and existing solutions extract maximum reuse from application services, tools, and utilities to manage the IT footprint and keep the environment as simple as possible. Works with partial autonomy from technical leads in designing, implementing and supporting Microsoft based solutions including such technologies as Visual Studio, SharePoint, CRM Dynamics, WCF, Silverlight, SQL Server, and Windows Server. Makes substantial contributions in guiding the design and standards of web integration access methods that are applicable to the Credit Union. Provide consultancy and support for all initiatives that have a need to integrate data or systems or other web resources into new or existing web applications. Supports existing Microsoft based production solutions including problem resolution, monitoring, performance management, and capacity management. Supplies feedback into the organization for the implementation of process or technology improvements to ensure issues do not reoccur. Implements Service Requests for the lines of business requiring enhancements or other modifications to SharePoint based intranet applications or other internal .Net based solutions. Plays a role in setting the direction and implementation of enterprise solutions to ensure configurations that are within recommended practices of deployment and are scalable, reliable, and durable. Completes any other job related duties needed to help drive to our Vision, fulfill our Purpose, and abide by our Organization's Values.Bachelors degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering or comparable education and/or experience. Minimum of two (2) years of training designing and implementing technical solutions. Minimum of two (2) years of documented application development experience of a structured Software Development Lifecycle process, performing among others, the following activities: (a) Requirements gathering, (b) Use case generation and documentation, (c) Design of complex solutions involving two and three tier architectures, (d) Generation of both functional and technical design documents for use by other programming staff. Experience designing, developing and delivering solutions using a wide range of enterprise applications, using custom and/or packaged product approaches. While experience should be biased towards .Net applications, additional light knowledge in diverse alternative technologies is required. Participate in multiple projects and ability to work with limited supervision showing creativity, innovation, motivation initiative and professionalism. Able to work in a team environment, meet deadlines, mentor, share knowledge and take on responsibility and accountability for assigned areas. Proven ability to organize and structure a growing inventory of application assets, and be able to draw and maintain diagrams that can quickly convey the overall context of the environment/solution. Excellent interpersonal, analytical, written, and verbal communication skills.Strong knowledge of internet based infrastructure, technology and concepts in a large corporate web environment, with the ability to grasp quickly new technologies, applications and concepts, and apply them as required. Documented use of structured application development methodologies and principles, with an understanding of structured environments using distinct development, test, and production environments. Experience planning, designing, implementing and supporting infrastructure components such as: source code control utilities, environment administration and monitoring technologies, IIS, SharePoint, Visual Studio, JavaScript, AJAX, SQL Server, ActiveX, ASP.Net, XML, Service Oriented Architecture, WCF, Silverlight, Web Services, .Net security implementation, MVC and Dynamics CRM.Security Service Federal Credit Union is an industry leader who has built a reputation of innovation, strength, and stability. We pride ourselves on discovering and developing employees who have exceptional character and a genuine passion for helping others. In return, we deliver a comprehensive total rewards package that supports the financial, physical, and emotional wellbeing of our employees.All employees should demonstrate our SSFCU core values -- Caring, Innovative, Honest, Fair and Dedicated -- while providing enthusiastic, professional, and courteous service to SSFCU members and employees.SSFCU offers a comprehensive total rewards package that includes competitive salary, customizable benefit options, paid time off, 401K match with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, on-site fitness center, (or free gym membership), and an award-winning Total Wellbeing program focusing on the physical, financial and emotional wellbeing of our employees. We invest in our communities through our Volunteer Corps and in you, through ongoing growth and development opportunities.
