Important:
In order to be considered for this position an application must be completed on the ESC20 website at www.esc20.net.. Please visit the ESC-20 Employment website for online application procedures and FAQs.

JOB SUMMARY: Under minimal supervision, analyze Texas Student Data System (TSDS) Public Education Information Management System (PEIMS) and Dashboard application problems and develop technical solutions. Collect user requirements and translate into functional technical specifications. Provide guidance, technical assistance and detailed program information to staff, consultants and users.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS:

JOB KNOWLEDGE
Bachelor’s degree required in information systems or business.
Three to five years of relevant school administrative experience related to TSDS Data Collections required.
Three to five years of experience supporting or developing school administrative software required.
Three years SQL experience is required.
Systems analyst level knowledge of TSDS applications preferred.
TEA TSDS certification preferred.
Demonstrated leadership skills.
Demonstrated interpersonal skills.
Excellent organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Working knowledge of Texas Education Agency (TEA) TSDS data collections, Student Attendance Accounting Handbook (SAAH) guidelines, school district student accounting methodologies, and TEA Financial Accountability System Resource Guide.
Experience in agile development, scrum, and backlog management preferred.
Experience using computer-based software change management systems.
Experience using helpdesk software and/or customer relationship management systems.
Knowledge of multimedia methodologies, webinar applications, and video conferencing is desirable.
Proficiency with personal computers to include desktop management, file management and operations, and working in a network environment.
Proficiency with standard functions within electronic applications such as MS Office (e.g., word processing, electronic spreadsheets) and e-mail.
Exceptions to these requirements will be considered based on exemplary skills, training, and record of success.

PRODUCTS/OUTCOMES
Analyze TEA PEIMS Data Standards and SAAH, translate into functional technical specifications, communicate mandated changes to division staff, and serve as the subject matter expert to the applications development team.
Work with and provide guidance to stakeholders to determine the needs and requirements for TSDS PEIMS and Dashboard software applications.
Coordinate and collaborate with Product Managers to ensure PEIMS development activities are prioritized and incorporated into product maintenance backlogs.
Approve the production release of TSDS PEIMS application software releases.
Validate all TSDS PEIMS and dashboard software changes through the TEA Validation Tool.
Coordinate testing and verification of software releases and updates with regional service center staff.
Provide timely TxEIS Level II Helpdesk ticket resolution to regional service center Consultants.
Coordinate staff and resources to resolve issues.
Provide timely communications regarding TSDS PEIMS and Dashboard issues and general software information such as Hot Topics, software release highlights and announcements.
Represent the TCC at TEA Information Task Force (ITF) meetings and PEIMS Vendor trainings.
Serve as a resource for the development and delivery of training and product documentation for the TSDS PEIMS applications.

INITIATIVE
Demonstrate initiative, persistence, and a high level of energy and enthusiasm for assigned responsibilities.
Demonstrate the use of sound judgement and ingenuity in problem solving to meet the needs of the Center and clients served.
Participate and engage in learning experiences that enhance job knowledge and skills, and that build capacity in assigned area.
Remain current through self-study, self-discovery, tutorials, and classes, on new developments and techniques that will improve the products assigned.
Remain current with developments in state and federal accounting guidelines as applicable to school operations.
Demonstrate flexibility and adaptability to new situations and assignments.
Solve problems across multiple, related applications.
Accomplish tasks in a timely manner to meet assigned deadlines.
Set challenging goals and reach a high standard of performance despite any barriers encountered.
Work under minimal supervision.

COMMUNICATION/HUMAN RELATIONS
Communicate effectively and interact professionally.
Build professional relationships with colleagues and clients, maintaining regular and continuing interaction in meeting shared outcomes.
Demonstrate self-confidence, professionalism, and a high level of customer service skills (e.g., courtesy, patience, diplomacy, etc.) at all times and, in particular, when under stressful or unprecedented situations while working with colleagues and clients.
Demonstrate professional-level written and oral communication skills.
Work collaboratively in a team setting.
Promote and support organizational change.
Keep supervisors informed.
Maintain confidentiality and security of program materials and information.

SUPERVISION AND ORGANIZATION OF STAFF
None.

BUDGET RESPONSIBILITY
Be aware of and follow division guidelines of allowable costs when recommending use of division funds for expenditures for supplies, equipment, and facilities in area of assignment.

PHYSICAL/MENTAL DEMANDS & ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS
Tools/Equipment Used: Standard office equipment including personal computer and peripherals.
Posture: Prolonged sitting; occasional bending/stooping, pushing/pulling, and twisting.
Motion: Repetitive hand motions including frequent keyboarding and use of mouse; occasional reaching.
Lifting: Occasional light lifting and carrying (less than 15 pounds).
Environment: May work prolonged or irregular hours; occasional region-wide travel; exposure to low or intense illumination.
Mental Demands: Work with frequent interruptions; maintain emotional control under stress.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Function within the policies and administrative procedures of ESC-20.
Accept other responsibilities as assigned.
Dress and groom appropriately for the ESC-20 work setting.
Travel independently to fulfill the responsibilities of the position.
Serve at the will of the Executive Director.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $5,859.00 - $7,323.00 per month

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Relevant school administrative/TSDS Data Collections: 3 years (Required)
Supporting or developing school administrative software: 3 years (Required)
SQL: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Company's website:
https://www.esc20.net/
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
