Exiger Federal Solutions is seeking a professional to serve as a National Security & Intelligence Analyst, who will provide analytical support within an assigned account focused on bringing Exiger’s best-in-class technology, process and expertise to Department of Defense agencies within the U.S. Federal Government. This dynamic role will require the candidate to develop knowledge of client priorities and missions. The candidate will perform basic tasks regarding the gathering, synthesizing and analyzing of intelligence information related to force protection, counterterrorism, counterintelligence, supply chain, CFIUS, people vetting, and other areas in support of the assigned account. The candidate will explore new data sources, create effective queries, and combine information from disparate sources to help the client understand their mission environment. In this role, he or she will work collaboratively with other analysts in researching, monitoring and analyzing intelligence data and making preliminary recommendations based on that data. The candidate will perform searches for information and identify potential adverse information using Exiger’s artificial intelligence document review platform.
Key Responsibilities
Provide analysis and research for national security, infrastructure, technology, country, geographic areas, biographic and targeted vulnerability
Deliver analytical support to achieve client satisfaction
Perform analytical research to identify additional seed data, potential gaps and adverse information
Prepare presentations and quantitative exhibits on the project scope and findings
Provide analysis of adversary capabilities, intentions, techniques, tactics, and procedures (TTP)
Lead by example
Knowledge & Skills
Demonstrable interpersonal skills, ability to write and speak clearly to accurately brief analytical findings
Ability to evaluate relevant material as to its importance, and extracts data pertaining to the assigned subject matter. Draws conclusions from his/her analysis
Ability to develop an understanding of clients’ missions and priorities
Ability to develop an understanding of domains relevant to Exiger’s capabilities
Strong organizational skills, including ability to prioritize and work under pressure
Professional Experience Required
Must be a US citizen
Active or prior security clearance, or ability to obtain a security clearance
Bachelor Degree or two years of experience in lieu of a degree
About Exiger

At Exiger we work everyday to make the world a safer place to do business in. Our experts and technology help clients prevent breaches, respond to risk, remediate issues and monitor activities. We are searching for people who think creatively to solve complex problems related to governance, risk and compliance thus delivering first class solutions for our corporate and government partners.
Exiger’s core values are courage, excellence, expertise, innovation, integrity, teamwork and trust.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
