The Compliance Anti Money Laundering Risk Management Senior Analyst is an intermediate level role responsible for the execution of the NAM AML Regulatory Transaction Reporting (RTR) governance and oversight program and providing AML RTR-related guidance to the businesses he/she supports to assist in the identification, understanding, mitigation and accountability of AML Regulatory Transaction Reporting related risks, in coordination with the broader Anti-Money Laundering (AML) team. The overall objective is to utilize established disciplinary knowledge to identify inconsistencies in data or result and formulate strategic recommendations on policies, procedures, and practices.

Responsibilities:
Identify, vet and address potential risks or escalated issues with the assistance of functional partners and key stakeholders
Utilize information from regulatory changes, new regulations, and internal policy changes to further identify new key risk areas
Analyze comparative data, prepare and present reports related to AML risk assessments, and monitor AML related issues and escalations
Develop approaches/action plans to compliance and control issues by weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations
Create and develop AML Compliance Risk Management (ACRM) standards and policies
Advise and recommend a plan of action for management based on analysis of risk information
Assist in coaching and training new recruits
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.
Specific responsibilities include:
Lead of the NAM AML RTR Governance Forum being responsible for the execution of the Charter.
Provide support and credible challenge for RTR governance including policy interpretation, guidance, point of escalation, project plan (i.e., CAP) initiation and support and general RTR subject matter expertise.
Provide oversight and direction of RTR reporting projects and monitor progress against established milestones.
Review key RTR metrics to identify patterns of activity, outliers and opportunities for RTR process enhancements.
Track to ensure internal and regulatory commitments are met and escalate significant RTR related issues to appropriate oversight Committee(s) as appropriate.
Support the Senior Compliance Officer as primary escalation point for significant AML risks related to the execution of the RTR program.
Understanding and monitoring of the legal, regulatory and industry practices environment; provide up to date knowledge and expertise relevant to AML compliance and the businesses.
Maintaining sufficient understanding of the products and services to recognize AML opportunities and leverage aspects of overall compliance programs.
Conduct Target Risk Reviews and Compliance Monitoring Activities.
Review and support the execution of Management Control Assessment.
Supplementing and delivering Global AML training requirements, as needed based upon risks identified through on-going AML monitoring or other activities.
Represent the NAM Region at the Global RTR Governance Forum communicating meeting highlights and sending metrics plus supporting materials from the NAM AML RTR Governance Forum to the Global AML Regulatory Transaction Reporting Team.
Maintain US AML CTR Procedures, Forum membership list and meeting frequency of the NAM AML RTR Governance Forum.
Collecting, consolidating and presenting the required reporting elements from Business Line member participants to the NAM AML RTR Governance Forum meeting; arranging the preparation of meeting Minutes (key discussion topics, decisions and action items), and tracking the status of action items following the NAM AML RTR Governance Forum meeting.
Maintain the NAM AML CTR and Team working SharePoint sites to ensure the repository of Forum documents, Minutes and regulatory communications are up to date.
Qualifications:
5-8 years of experience in AML program management or equivalent experience. Currency Transaction Reporting experience required
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) certification
Knowledge of AML regulatory transaction reporting regulations, including BSA, USA PATRIOT Act, FinCEN and CTR requirements; FINTRAC LCTR and EFTR requirements, applicable to banks
Ability to influence people using sound judgment and successful execution
Experience with and previous exposure to internal control functions and regulators within the US, and in particular banking and AML regulators
Strong track record of effectively assessing and managing competing priorities
Experience with a regulatory body a plus
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication and analytical skills
Excellent organization, time management and project management skills
Education:
Bachelors Degree/University degree or equivalent experience
This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required.

-------------------------------------------------

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US

------------------------------------------------------

Time Type :Full time

------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.
