Overview

The Defense Health Agency (DHA) is responsible for the effective execution and operation of the Department of Defense (DoD) medical mission, which is to provide medical services and support to specified categories of individuals

Responsibilities

To qualify, a candidate must possess:
A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
Minimum 10 years of direct Federal procurement experience comprised of: Minimum 5 years of experience serving as an actual Federal government employee (not contractor) in 1102 series (or equivalent) as a contract specialist or procurement analyst; and to meet the total 10 year minimum, will accept up to an additional 5 years of experience as a Federal or contract employee in direct support of Federal procurements serving in a capacity equivalent to the 1102 series contract specialist or procurement analyst
For Colorado Only: Minimum 10 years direct Federal procurement experience in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity. At least 5 years DoD procurement or contract administration experience is preferred.
Exceptional knowledge of all phases of acquisition management.
Knowledge of price and cost analysis sufficient to review proposals against previous history, actual and estimated expenditures, and established rates to determine price reasonableness or to determine a negotiation position.
Knowledge of the methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Exceptional knowledge of Federal and DoD contracting principles (Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), DoD Directives and Instructions, laws, regulations and procedures.
Demonstrated ability to provide expert technical advice, staff coordination and consultation to foster formulating guidelines, implementing new developments, and providing expert interpretation
For Falls Church and Ft. Sam Houston locations, contract writing system PD2 experience preferable, but not required.
Excellent written and oral communications skills and be proficient in MS Office Products, MS Project, and Adobe Acrobat.
Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system
Qualifications

Required Skills:
Minimum 10 years of direct Federal procurement experience comprised of: Minimum 5 years of experience serving as an actual Federal government employee (not contractor) in 1102 series (or equivalent) as a contract specialist or procurement analyst; and to meet the total 10 year minimum, will accept up to an additional 5 years of experience as a Federal or contract employee in direct support of Federal procurements serving in a capacity equivalent to the 1102 series contract specialist or procurement analyst.
Desired Skills:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures
Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Physical DemandsEmployee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.
