You will serve as a FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT ANALYST (VARIOUS SPECIALTIES) in the Department of Navy, Naval Medical Command.

This announcement uses the Direct Hire Authority for Certain Personnel of the Department of Defense to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to certain positions in the competitive service.

This public notice is to gather applications that may or may not result in a referral or selection.
** Salary will be predicated based on the work location/locality****SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE: Applicants may substitute the following education for the required experience, provided it demonstrates the knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of the position:
***THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE FOR GS- 12, 13, 14 and 15 Grade level***

For GS-09 - Successful completion of a Master's or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL. B or J.D., directly related to the work of the position (Your transcripts must be attached.)

For the GS-11 - Successful completion of a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree, or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., This education directly related to the work of the position (Your transcripts must be attached..)

COMBINATION OF EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Equivalent combinations of education and experience may be combined to meet the total qualification requirements.

If you are using education to meet all or part of the qualification requirements, you must submit a copy of your transcripts or an itemized list of college courses which includes equivalent information from the transcript (course title, semester/quarter hours, and grade/degree earned) in your resume.

See OPM's General Policies for information on crediting education.

Foreign Education: Required for vacancies with Positive Education or Education Substitution: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the qualification requirements if the applicant can provide documentation indicating that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is the responsibility of the applicant to provide such evidence when applying for further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/officies/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.htmlYour resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

For the GS-0501-09, your resume must demonstrate at least one full year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-07 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector:
Assisting in applying application of common financial management methods and various budgets and cost functions involving formulation, justification, and/or execution for organizations, programs, or projects and in the initiation and/or development of plans and programs.
Or Successful completion of a Master's or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL. B or J.D., directly related to the work of the position.

For the GS-0501-11, your resume must demonstrate at least one full year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector:
Applying common financial management methods and various budgets and cost functions involving formulation, justification, and/or execution for organizations, programs, or projects.
Or Successful completion of a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree, or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M. directly related to the work of the position.

For the GS-0501-12, your resume must demonstrate at least one full year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector:
Performing the full range of trend analysis, financial information, cost performance, budget guidance and formulating, executing and analyzing financial and cost analysis studies.
For the GS-0501-13, your resume must demonstrate at least one full year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector:
Performing various financial management functions involving the formulation, justification, and/or execution of budgets, cost estimates, and cost analysis, AND
Assisting in the initiation and/or development of plans and programs.
For the GS-0501-14, your resume must demonstrate at least one full year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector:
Providing, planning, directing, organizing, supervising and exercising control over nonsupervisory employees;
Performing financial management functions involving the formulation, justification or execution of budgets, programs or projects;
Developing cost estimates, plans, programs and budgets to direct teams in accomplishing assigned tasks; AND
Providing guidance to all levels of management.
For the GS-0501-15, your resume must demonstrate at least one full year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-14 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector:
Serving as a Financial Officer supervising and exercising control over nonsupervisory employees;
Providing executive and technical guidance, financial planning and control, cost estimating, accounting and finance, budgeting, progress and statistical reporting and analysis, fiscal law, financial management automation;
Assisting in the initiation and/or development of plans and programs; AND
Applying common financial management methods and various budgets/cost functions involving formulation, justification, and/or execution for organizations, programs, or projects.
Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0500/financial-administration-and-program-series-0501/
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN.
