Belay Technologies has been voted #1 for Baltimore Business Journal's (BBJ) Best Places to Work!

We are conducting phone interviews for CNO Analyst/Programmers with Unix/Linux development experience, Windows development experience (Visual Studio), Strong C programming skills, and Python development experience. All candidates must possess an active security clearance with polygraph.

Lead the Way

Belay wants you to lead the way - push boundaries, offer ideas, create solutions, and be a part of something great with Team Belay! Our team is full of technology pioneers who take the smartest approach, never accept the status quo, and are excited about making a difference!!

Our team leads:
Ideas; white papers, new technologies, improving existing infrastructure and introducing solutions...Belay was built on ideas
Growth; Be the Captain of your Fate! Share your aspirations and Belay will pave the way with conferences, education, mentorship and hands-on exposure to new and exciting things
Development; step up, be instrumental in our growth and business efforts and you will be met with an open door to new experiences as leaders in a growing company
Benefits; your feedback determines our offerings, which improve constantly based on your needs
Giving: You tell us what is important to you and Belay will support your personal cause and charitable efforts, weve paid donations and volunteered to causes special to our team
Fun; You give us ideas and we deliver in a big way, with go-kart racing, rock climbing, swanky casino nights, skeet shooting, happy hours and more!
Make a difference and have fun with Team Belay!!

Job Requirements:
Unix/Linux development experience
Windows development experience (Visual Studio)
Strong C programming skills
Python development experience
Subversion
CNO background
Software Analysis/Reverse Engineering experience
Embedded systems development experience
Understand assembly programming concepts
Perks and Benefits
Belay Technologies offers an extensive benefits package, including:
- Up to 8 weeks in paid leave (4 weeks of personal leave, 3 days of Yay! leave, 10 paid holidays, and optional leave up to 6 days through Belay's volunteer program)
- 6% matching in 401(k) contributions vested on day one
- $5,000 annual training/tuition or the option to use that money to pay off student loans
- Rich medical coverage (100% coinsurance, no copays) with a fully funded Health Savings Account with up to $3000 in annual contributions from Belay
- Dental coverage including orthodontia
- Up to $420,000 in life insurance, life insurance and disability premiums covered 100% by Belay
- Pet insurance, generous referral bonus program, company sponsored lunches and events, and many more!

Think you know someone who might be right for the job? Refer them to LeadTheWay@belaytech.com and you may be eligible for a referral reward up to $10,000!

What We Do
Belay Technologies provides leading technology and engineering solutions to the DoD, as well as state-of-the-art commercial products. We are a certified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business in the Baltimore/Washington area, and we are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We hire software engineers, web designers, test engineers, systems engineers, systems administrators, database engineers and other tech services.

Key words: Full Clearance, Fort Meade, SDVOSB, Service-disabled veteran owned small business, DoD, SS, SS5-0019
