CHENEGA
HEALTHCARE SERVICES, LLC

Company
Job Title:

Epidemiology
Data Analyst
Chenega
Job Title:
Clearance:

Background
Check
Location:

59th
Medical Wing, TX
Reports
To:
FLSA
Status:

Exempt,
Full Time, Regular
Prepared
Date:
06-26-2020
Approved
Date:
06-26-2020

THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT UPON BID AWARD

Summary:

The Epidemiology/Data Analyst instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide
information system managers and users, to include but not limited to CHAS
application users, on various epidemiology and data base applications.

Duties and
Responsibilities:
Coordinates database; create user profiles; query
system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control; and
maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound
data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis,
ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such
as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R , or Statistical Analysis
Software (SAS).
Coordinate all data collection and
entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of
tasks in a timely manner.
Identify data entry barriers, working with program
staff to research and address issues.
Collaborate with staff to implement
data entry plans, scheduling and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend
strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or
other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts and other
department presentation materials.
Provide support to develop new data collection
instruments and pilot testing.
Implement or support all research and
program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research
proposals, publications and researching grant
opportunities.
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests
for data; and conduct routine
e-literature search.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex
data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms
of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training and scheduling.
Research and provide surveillance
accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.
Develop and design systems based or
automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking and reporting.
Engage operational and Line of Air
Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and
procure data sharing and user agreements.
Other
duties as assigned
Minimum
Qualifications: (To
perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each
essential duty satisfactorily.)
Master’s degree in any one of these areas:
Epidemiology, Bio-Statistics/Statistics, Public Health or closely related fields.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably
within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role,
conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical
analysis preferred
Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.
Knowledge, Skills
and Abilities:
Excellent Communication skills written and oral in English
Ability to use computer and different office and military software (with training)
Strong customer service skills
Maintain a high level of confidentiality and integrity in dealing with sensitive issues, exhibiting professionalism always.
Capability of building relationships with all levels of providers.
Ability to meet and adhere to stringent deadlines.
Physical Demands:
(The physical demands described
here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to
successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable
accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform
the essential functions.)
While performing the duties of this
Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee
may use repeated motions that include the arms, wrists, hands and/or fingers. The
employee is occasionally required to walk, stand, climb, balance, stoop, kneel,
crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25
pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work Environment: (The work environment
characteristics described here are representative of those an employee
encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)
The employee will normally work in
a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic
office equipment.
During visits to areas of
operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne
particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.
Chenega
Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity
Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native
preference under PL 93-638.

We
participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.
