InstructionsIf you are a current Vulcan Materials employee, please apply with your personal email address.Job DescriptionBuild Your Career. Build America's Future.Vulcan Materials Company is the nation's largest producer of construction aggregates and a major producer of aggregates-based construction materials including asphalt and ready-mixed concrete. When you join Vulcan, it's more than starting an exciting career - you get to make a difference for millions of people every day across the country.When you join Vulcan, you join a dynamic culture in which career development is encouraged, excellence is rewarded and diversity is valued. No matter the role or the location across the country, every member of the Vulcan team lives through the Vulcan Way: doing the right thing, the right way, at the right time.What You'll Do:Prepare Analytical Reports. Work with sales and operations to prepare relevant analytics on business performance on a regular cadence. Assist the management team with follow-up on key action plans for operations and sales. Prepare marketing analytics (including pricing, volume, and backlog metrics) and distill to actionable items. Track progress against long and short-term sales and operations initiatives.Develop and Monitor Budgets. Work with sales and operations to build monthly sales and quarterly financial forecasts.Work with General, Area and Plant Managers to develop annual budget and area plan; provides analytic support in areas of plant/area performance, volume/pricing analysis.Continuous Improvement. Perform analysis regarding internal sales vs. external market demand to ensure appropriate sales resource allocation between customer segments. Provide insight regarding drivers and potential improvement actions for Area and Plant financial performance on a regular schedule.Analyze Market and Company Related Data. Provide a clear, holistic view of the market and Vulcan's position within it by assisting management on various business performance and marketing projects. Provide analysis and reporting in the form of operating budgets, financial planning models, review of performance metrics (KPIs), pricing and volume analysis, customer end use/ segment research, cost analysis, capital investment analysis, strategic investment analysis.Develop Communication Procedures. Work with General Manager to prepare communication regarding performance for Division President and sales/operational leadership teams on a monthly and quarterly basis, including analysis on volume, pricing, cost and market demand.QualificationsSkills You'll Need:Experience. Previous experience in finance, accounting or marketing analysis is required.Analytical Skills. High degree of analytical ability, including valuation, business performance analysis, and researching significant fluctuations/variances or performance trends.Project Management Skills. Must be able to work independently and multi-task in a fast paced environment. Must have the ability to plan, organize and complete projects.Interpersonal Skills. Quickly establishes rapport with internal and external customers to develop trust that their concerns are heard and responded to promptly. Shows an ability to communicate analysis in a way others can understand the key takeaways and impacts on their decisions.What You'll Like About Us:Great Company Culture. Our people share a competitive drive for excellence, in an environment of trust, teamwork, open-mindedness and communication.Safe. Industry leader in health and safety standards. We are committed to creating a safe work environment and protecting all employees and customers.Meaningful Work. What sets up apart is the work we do impacts daily lives - and every employee contributes. Our aggregates produced are used to build roads, schools, hospitals, airports, and housing throughout the United States.Health Benefits. Medical, Dental, Vision programs, plus much more.Rest and Relaxation. Paid vacation, personal floating days, and paid holidays.Prepare for the Future. 401(k) with company match and contribution.Training and Development. We see our development programs, and helping our employees meet their goals, as a key part of our business.Vulcan Materials Company is committed to employing a diverse workforce. You will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. You also have the right to be free from discrimination for medical needs arising from pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions.Posting Date06/26/2020
