Our vision at Petco is Healthier
Pets. Happier People. Better World. We’re making things better for pets,
people and the planet through our Think Adoption First philosophy, the Petco
Foundation and other important initiatives that focus on putting animals first,
educating pet parents and reducing our carbon footprint. The journey starts
with knowledgeable, passionately engaged associates who are proud to recommend
Petco as a place to work, who believe in our Vision and who are committed to
delivering a superior customer experience.

From our retail stores and our network of Distribution Centers
to our Corporate offices, you'll work with others who share your values and
commitment. We seek individuals who are passionate about animal welfare, have
great people skills and are driven to grow and advance in their careers with
us. Our ongoing growth is creating exceptional opportunities for
professional development and personal enrichment throughout our organization.

Position Purpose:

Support HR Services Teams
(internal and 3rd party), producing high quality work that meets
business initiatives and compliance requirements. Complete and ensure accurate and timely processing
and/or auditing of all employee related transactions processed in accordance
with state and federal regulations and established policies and procedures by the
incumbent and the outside HR processing vendor; to research, analyze and
resolve escalated issues; to collect, monitor, and analyze key metric data for
potential improvements; and to provide guidance, knowledge and support
including automated systems of HR, Payroll and Benefits to Petco partners.

The incumbent must
ensure that the HR processing vendor has current, accurate and complete
information on Petco processes, Benefits, HR policies and procedures. In order
to meet legal obligations, this position must ensure the timely processing of
final payment for all Petco partners in all locations.

Lead compliance and business driven initiatives,
collaborating closely with other business units as well as HR teams, while
leveraging applicable tools and technology.
Help manage initiatives from the planning & design phases through
implementation and change management, accounting for immediate and long term
impacts to various business functions (i.e. Support Centers, Stores,
Distribution Centers, and Services) and other areas of HR. Ensure all
initiatives comply with state, federal and local regulations and are aligned
with companywide strategies.

Help manage and execute
process compliance, documentation, and communication of all HR Services partner
related transactions in accordance with state and federal regulations.

Leverage and support the development of tools and
technology (Case management, knowledge management, Time Management, Human
Capital Management, etc.) to improve compliance, enhance service levels and
identify strategic opportunities and objectives.

Essential Job Functions: The incumbent must
be able to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable
accommodation.
Audit and analyze the
data processing accuracy of the HR processing vendor. These processes include new
hire paperwork, merit increases, pay increases, wage adjustments, employee
status changes, I-9s/EVerfiy, bi-weekly payroll processing, separations, job
changes, transfers, updating records with personal information changes, incoming
payroll hours/earnings, data retention and other data entry as needed in
accordance with Petco policies and procedures, coming from Stores, Distribution
Centers, Support Centers and Services.
Resolve escalated
issues from the HR processing vendor by working with the appropriate management
to resolve discrepancies and pay issues. Run and audit multiple payroll
reports/queries to determine issues and the resolution.
Act as the point of
contact to all Petco management for escalated issues including but not limited
to personnel actions, performance reviews, onboarding, Web Scheduling Tool,
time and attendance system, and services transactions to effectively provide
support and guidance
Review and audit job
and payroll related data changes and makes corrections to information as
needed, analyze data to identify any reoccurring errors, determine root cause
and communicate best practices by recommending possible solutions for workflow
and process improvement
Create and maitain
documentation related to training, and procedures.
Train outside HR processing
vendor personnel on new and updated regulations, Petco processes and procedures
and systems.
Support the testing and
implementation of both new and existing HR systems.
Partner with Petco
management and Employee Relations on sensitive issues as well as terminations
due to missing or incomplete new hire paperwork as required by Federal
regulations and company policies and procedures.
Proficient
use of a variety of computer software applications, especially Excel and MS
Word. Also proficient operation of an HCM
database and Time and Attendance system.
Independently
prioritize and accomplish high volume multiple tasks within established time
frames.
Develop
extensive knowledge of all business processes, policies and system
configuration in the Human Capital Management and Time and Attendance systems.
Lead
and support various projects and company initiatives.
Supervisory Responsibility:
This position provides training to other employees in various aspects of the department and may be expected to act on the Manager’s behalf during his/her absence.

Work
Environment:
The
majority of job duties are performed while seated in doors with little or no
exposure to hazards.

Education/Experience:

Normally requires a Bachelor’s degree or
equivalent preferably in Human Resources or a related field. Also, requires two to three years experience
in Human Resources or Payroll, in a multi-state, fast paced environment or the
equivalent combination of education and experience. Requires proficiency in basic
mathematics, data analysis, computer skills (including MS office), verbal and
written communication skills. Excellent
customer service skills are required. Previous experience in a Customer Service
environment is preferred. A basic
understanding of an HCM system is necessary.
