Important:
In order to be considered for this position an application must be completed on the ESC20 website at www.esc20.net.. Please visit the ESC-20 Employment website for online application procedures and FAQs.

JOB SUMMARY:
Provide Texas Computer Cooperative (TCC) Business Application product support. On a state-wide basis, provide regional Education Service Center (ESC) Consultants and Software Support Specialists with Level II support including Helpdesk services, problem determination and resolution, training services, and product demonstrations as needed.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS:

JOB KNOWLEDGE
Bachelor’s degree required from an accredited university, major in information systems, business, or accounting preferred.
Three years of school business office experience related to human resources, payroll, budget, finance, purchasing and audits required.
Three years of experience using or supporting school business administrative software required.
Three years of SQL experience required.
Experience in school business administrative software implementation and conversion preferred.
Systems analyst level knowledge of TxEIS or other school business administrative software preferred.
Experience using helpdesk software and/or Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems.
Demonstrated leadership skills.
Excellent organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Knowledge of Texas Education Agency accounting standards and methodologies as defined by the Financial Accountability System Resource Guide.
Experience training with presentation skills to include development of training materials.
Knowledge of multimedia methodologies, webinar applications, and video conferencing is desirable.
Proficiency with standard functions within electronic applications such as MS Office (e.g., word processing, electronic spreadsheets) and e-mail.
Proficiency with computers (PCs and/or MACs) to include desktop management, file management and operations, and working in a network environment.
Exceptions to these requirements will be considered based on exemplary skills, training, and record of success.

PRODUCTS/OUTCOMES
Provide timely Level II Helpdesk ticket resolution to regional ESC Consultants.
Provide timely communications regarding current issues and general software information such as Hot Topics, software release highlights and announcements.
Communicate stakeholder requirements for software maintenance, mandates and enhancements.
Develop and deliver train-the-trainer training to regional ESC Business Consultants.
Analyze training requirements and provide recommendations for standardizing training across TCC business applications.
Provide formal training, product demonstrations, and facilitate training sessions.
Communicate state and federal accounting standards and guidelines as applicable to school business operations.
Participate in functional testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and review of pre-release software, documentation and training materials.

INITIATIVE
Demonstrate initiative, persistence, and a high level of energy and enthusiasm for assigned responsibilities.
Demonstrate the use of sound judgement and ingenuity in problem solving to meet the needs of the Center and clients served.
Participate and engage in learning experiences that enhance job knowledge and skills, and that build capacity in assigned area.
Remain current through self-study, self-discovery, tutorials, and classes, on new developments and techniques that will improve the products assigned.
Remain current with developments in state and federal accounting guidelines as applicable to school operations.
Anticipate customer needs and recommend solutions.
Demonstrate flexibility and adaptability to new situations and assignments.
Solve problems across multiple, related applications.
Accomplish tasks in a timely manner to meet assigned deadlines.
Set challenging goals and reach a high standard of performance despite any barriers encountered.
Work under minimal supervision.

COMMUNICATION/HUMAN RELATIONS
Communicate effectively and interact professionally.
Build professional relationships with colleagues and clients, maintaining regular and continuing interaction in meeting shared outcomes.
Demonstrate self-confidence, professionalism, and a high level of customer service skills (e.g., courtesy, patience, diplomacy, etc.) at all times and, in particular, when under stressful or unprecedented situations while working with colleagues and clients.
Demonstrate professional-level written and oral communication skills.
Work collaboratively in a team setting.
Promote and support organizational change.
Keep supervisors informed.
Maintain confidentiality and security of program materials and information.

SUPERVISION AND ORGANIZATION OF STAFF
None.

BUDGET RESPONSIBILITY
Be aware of and follow division guidelines of allowable costs when recommending use of division funds for expenditures for supplies, equipment, and facilities in area of assignment.

PHYSICAL/MENTAL DEMANDS & ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS
Tools/Equipment Used: Standard office equipment including personal computer and peripherals.
Posture: Prolonged sitting; occasional bending/stooping, pushing/pulling, and twisting.
Motion: Repetitive hand motions including frequent keyboarding and use of mouse; occasional reaching.
Lifting: Occasional light lifting and carrying (less than 15 pounds).
Environment: May work prolonged or irregular hours; occasional region-wide travel; exposure to low or intense illumination.
Mental Demands: Work with frequent interruptions; maintain emotional control under stress.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Function within the policies and administrative procedures of ESC-20.
Accept other responsibilities as assigned.
Dress and groom appropriately for the ESC-20 work setting.
Travel independently to fulfill the responsibilities of the position.
Serve at the will of the Executive Director

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $5,425.00 - $6,780.00 per month

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
School business office: 3 years (Required)
Supporting school business administrative software: 3 years (Required)
SQL: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Company's website:
https://www.esc20.net/
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
