Do you have compassion and a passion to help others? Transforming healthcare and millions of lives as a result starts with the values you embrace and the passion you bring to achieve your lifes best work. (sm)
The Lead Business Systems Analyst will assist the IT managers and teams in managing and prioritizing workload demands. This position will function between business demand and managers to proactively review, analyze, and assess demands coming from the business. This position will also conduct capacity/resource assessment for teams and coordinate with project managers and portfolio managers on capacity, timelines, etc. and make recommendations for workforce and resource planning.
Primary Responsibilities:
Defines project scope and objectives based on business unit needs combined with a thorough understanding of enterprise business systems and industry requirements.
This role may interface with multiple business units such as human resources, accounting / finance, claims, operations, physician clinics, customer service, executive management, and sales and marketing.
Serves as an expert resource regarding the alignment of enterprise system strategies with the business goals and strategic drivers.
Partners with IT Managers (and potentially business leaders) to develop and test staffing metrics against specific user/business requirements (i.e.: up-time, # of simultaneous instances, # of applications, # of user requests for improvement, # of overall users, back-up/maintenance requirements vs. # of staff, project managers, supervisors, etc.)
Develops, monitors and revises staffing plans, business forecasts, and maintains capacity planning models.
Manages relationships with IT managers and teams to understand their staffing and scheduling needs and challenges
Uses strong critical thinking skills along with business knowledge to have insight and understanding of business concepts, tools and processes that are needed for making sound decisions.
Provides insights for staffing related strategy, including cost/benefit analysis, and assists in the implementation of budget activities designed to optimize the workforce. Tracks progress and notifies management of issues that require escalation, and assumes responsibility for resolving or coordinating the resolution of system and process issues.
Develops and maintains project workload plans, and manages specific tasks to ensure project success.
Collaborates on and oversees various projects as assigned that are cross-functional in nature.
Provides project task level direction/supervision to Developers, Business System Analysts, and / or Sr. Business System Analysts on a project specific basis.
Performs all other related duties as assigned.
The pace is fast and youll need to be comfortable managing multiple priorities. You may be required to work in multiple locations, so scheduling flexibility is essential. You must also be able to respond calmly and effectively in emergency situations.
You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.



Required Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related technical field. (Four additional years of comparable work experience beyond the required years of experience may be substituted in lieu of a bachelors degree)
6+ years of experience in developing requirements and performing system analysis
5+ years of capacity and resource planning experience (Develops, monitors and revises staffing plans, business forecasts, and maintains capacity planning models)
5+ years of experience with quantifying staffing metrics against technical and project workloads
5+ years of experience with various system development lifecycles such as but not limited to waterfall, RUP, and Agile methods
2+ years of operational project management experience leading technical projects or team
Ability to communicate ideas and problem solutions
Ability to effectively work with both internal and external clients
Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years of experience of major systems implementation and support.
Advanced degree in a related discipline
Extensive knowledge of Health Care Industry and related business functions
Physical & Mental Requirements:
Ability to lift up to 25 pounds
Ability to push or pull heavy objects using up to 25 pounds of force
Ability to sit for extended periods of time
Ability to stand for extended periods of time
Ability to use fine motor skills to operate office equipment and / or machinery
Ability to properly drive and operate a company vehicle
Ability to receive and comprehend instructions verbally and / or in writing
Ability to use logical reasoning for simple and complex problem solving
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. Were innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. Were impacting 380,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. Weve joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your lifes best work.(sm)
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: IT Capacity Analyst, San Antonio, TX, Texas, Lead Analyst
