Job Description
Requirements:
Fraud Detection- 2 years+
Experience working in call-center environment- 1 year+
Banking and/or Investment Experience- 1 year+
Technology:
The tools needed will be taught to the contractors and knowledge of these tools is not a must. However, they must have knowledge of these is a must:
Advanced Computer and Internet Skills
Microsoft Office Tools
Responsibilities:
Proficiently uses a variety of fraud management tools and systems to identify and investigate suspicious financial and non-financial activity on a wide range of products and services.
Effectively initiates contact with members to review suspicious activity; and if necessary, take appropriate actions to mitigate the risk and protect the member's assets.
Possesses multi product, system, and/or process knowledge and effectively uses it to prevent, detect and mitigate fraudulent activity across multiple products and services.
Effectively utilizes appropriate tools and procedures to report confirmed fraud and associated trends.
Applies foundational knowledge of the business, its products, and processes and provides improvement opportunities and recommended solutions to improve the effectiveness or efficiency of fraud prevention and detection.

Company Description
Who We Are:
Peyton Resource Group (PRG) has a 17-year track record of delivering real results for our clients. With offices in Dallas, San Antonio and Austin, PRG is an innovative industry leader utilizing the latest technology to drastically reduce the time-to-hire problem plaguing most companies today.
What We Do: We innovate. We understand. We collaborate. We move forward. We get IT done.

How We Do It:
We partner with world-class organizations that offer exciting career paths to their employees.
We cultivate relationships with the best and brightest talent in the marketplace.
We leverage technology in a way that is helping to redefine the staffing industry.
Our Results: We solve today's critical staffing challenges, while delivering best-of-class professionals to our clients.
