Role and Responsibilities
Plan, develop, organize, write and edit military medical policies relating to analytical and technical department operations.
Collaborate with internal teams on product and documentation requirements.
Collect and collate appropriate data for usage in databases (i.e. JMAR, HQIIS, DMLSS) and conducting related research.
Design and develop analysis tools to assist the client, as desired.
Code variables accurately from the original source and complete statistical analyses as required.
Support project management phases such as planning, execution, and result monitoring.
Analyzing data with standard statistical methods, interpret the results, and provide a written summary of data analyses.
Assist in the development of business intelligence needs or information with the client.
Responsible for formatting, editing, and standardizing document content for the client.
Prepare project documents and status reports.
Provide detailed weekly update reports to include all questions needed to complete tasks.
Develop presentations for various requirements as outlined by the client.
Qualifications and Education Requirements
College Degree preferred but not required.
Two to four years of data analytics experience preferred.
Computer Coding experience preferred.
Two to four years of Department of Defense Healthcare Industry experience preferred.
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; Have a strong understanding of Microsoft Access and Excel.
Must be able to pass official background checks and gain access to military installations.
Additional Skill Requirements
Strong organizational, analytical, writing and communicative skills.
Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in the text.
Ability to initiate and complete projects independently with minimal oversight/guidance.
Thrive on building and managing relationships with clients as well as team members.
Ability to independently organize work assignments and meet critical deadlines.
Must have a strong work ethic, demonstrate patience, be flexible and be punctual.
Be able to accept constructive feedback from Project Manager or Office Leader.
Demonstrate initiative to research and learn items related to any given task.
Enthusiastic about learning a variety of databases and task-related items
*The OutFit is a small business that specializes in Project Management and Quality Assurance for DOD Medical Treatment Facilities. We have numerous team contracts to perform services to the US Army Corps of Engineers. We have performed services all over the US at various Medical Treatment Facilities.

*All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual preference, gender identity or national origin.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Coding: 2 years (Preferred)
DoD: 1 year (Preferred)
Excel: 2 years (Required)
Microsoft Access: 2 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.theoutfit-inc.com
Work Remotely:
No
