Argo Group, through its operating subsidiaries, offers high-quality Commercial Property and Casualty (P&C) insurance products and services tailored to the needs of businesses and public entities. Our Argo US Claims team delivers superior financial results, technical expertise and customer experience to all stakeholders engaged in the claim process. We hire and develop the best people, so we can deliver on the Argo claims promise.

We are looking for a highly capable Errors & Omissions Claims Analyst to join our team and work from any of our US offices. This role will adjudicate Excess E&O claims for our customers.

The primary duties and responsibilities of the role are:
Under technical direction, works within specific limits and authority to analyze applicable claims, including claims on Lawyers Professional Liability, Architects & Engineers Errors and Omissions, Accountants Professional Liability and Miscellaneous Professional Liability policies
Investigate claims promptly and thoroughly
Prepare reports for file documentation
Interview involved parties
Manage claims in litigation
Manage diary timely and complete tasks to ensure that cases move to the best financial outcome and timely resolution.
Properly set claim reserves.
Identify, assign, and coordinate the assignment and coordination of expertise resources to assist in case resolution.
Prepare reports for file documentation
Applying creative solutions which result in the best financial outcome.
Negotiate settlements
Processing mail and prioritizing workload.
Responsible for telephone calls and written correspondence to/from various parties (insured, claimant, etc.).
Have an appreciation and passion for strong claim management.
Core qualifications and requirements for this position include:
A minimum of three years’ experience adjudicating management and professional liability claims with extensive experience with exposure of $100,000 or more.
Bachelor’s degree and/or multiple industry designations required. JD/Degree very strongly preferred.
Must possess or have ability to quickly obtain a license in each jurisdiction requiring a license to adjudicate first party claims.
Ability to prioritize workload and handle multiple tasks.
Ability to articulate the financial value of your work at multiple responsibility levels inside our clients’ business which may include the CEO.
Exhibit a natural curiosity.
Desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Excellent evaluation and strategic skills required.
Strong claim negotiation skills a must.
Must possess a strong customer focus.
Must work independently and demonstrate the ability to exercise sound judgment.
Proficient in MS Office Suite and other business-related software.
Polished and professional written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to travel, sometimes overnight, approximately 10% of the time.
The ability to read and write English fluently is required.
Must demonstrate a desire for continued professional development through continuing education and self-development opportunities.
In addition, you’ll want to make sure you embody our core values as they are how we get the job done:
The entrepreneurial spirit
Doing the right thing
Collaborating
Respecting each other
We offer our employees:
An attractive Total Rewards package that includes:
Base pay and profit sharing.
Comprehensive benefits designed to protect and enhance your life and your dependents’ lives by way of health and wellness plans, life insurance, a matching 401(k) Plan, generous PTO, Paid Caregiver Leave, Paid Parental Leave (up to 12 weeks), and an opportunity to become a shareholder at a 15% discount.
Argo Academy, a digital and instructor-led platform that helps us focus on continuous learning and which got us named in Training magazine as one of the Training Top 125 Companies.
Opportunities to support your local community though various outreach programs or by matching your gift to charitable causes by 150%.
A lucrative Employee Referral program that resulted in 30% of all new hires last year.
Flexible Work Arrangements that include Compressed Hours, Flex time, Job-Sharing, Part-Time and Remote or Home Working, Sabbatical Leave and Summer Hours that give our employees the balance they need to excel at their jobs.
About Argo Group
Argo Group does not treat our claims or our claims professionals as a commodity. The work we offer is challenging, diverse, and impactful.
Our Adjusters and Managers are empowered to exercise their independent discretion and, within broad limits and authority, be creative in developing solutions and treat each case as the unique situation it is.
We have a very flat organizational structure, enabling our employees have more interaction with our senior management team, especially when it relates to reviewing large losses.
Our entire claims team works in a collaborative nature to expeditiously resolve claims. We offer a work environment that inspires innovation and is open to employee suggestions. We even offer rewards for creative and innovative ideas.
We believe in building an inclusive and diverse team, and we strive to make our office a welcoming space for everyone. We encourage talented people from all backgrounds to apply.
PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment at Argo Group, please contact our Benefits Department at 210-321-8400.

To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.
