We are currently seeking entry-level analysts and consultants to join our team in support of various multiple Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) initiatives for the Air Force. These roles will apply hands on subject matter expert experience in various Oracle technologies, processes, and/or DevOps processes and tools. Analysts and consultants may be required to configure, design, test, and analyze issues as they arise. They may also support the design and development of new capabilities and provide business finance operation and accounting support to our government client team.

In addition, analysts and consultants will be expected to:
Identify and implement operational efficiencies
Provide an analytical approach for problem identification and resolution
Assist and support the development of data analytics
Provide quality documentation in accordance with (IAW) established standards and methodology
Demonstrates strong oral and written communication skills
Maintain relationships and communicate with key client personnel to understand business operations, processes, and functions
Demonstrate an understanding of accounting and auditing concepts and apply them to client situations
Bridge the gap between logistics procedures and financial accounting processes
Work in a team environment and communicate effectively with clients and team members
Balance multiple projects concurrently
Additional Candidate Requirements:
Must possess or have the ability to obtain a DoD Secret clearance (Must be a U.S. Citizen)
Bachelor’s Degree in a business or Information Technology-related field with a minimum of 0-4 years of experience
Experience with Oracle Accounting software, preferred
Advanced MS Excel and MS Access or SQL skills, preferred
These positions will be located at either Wright-Patterson AFB (Dayton, OH), San Antonio, TX, or in the Washington DC metro area. Other locations and telework may be considered based on candidate’s relevant experience. Individuals will have the opportunity to enhance skills in the area of technical competency, business development, client service, and people development. Project characteristics can change frequently and requires self-motivated individuals that are willing to develop solutions on their own or in a team of highly skilled professionals.

Salary commensurate with experience. Travel and relocation expenses may be considered based on the appropriate candidate. As a result of our focus on top talent, and due to our low overhead, we offer competitive salaries and a competitive benefits package. If you are looking to learn and contribute to a rapidly growing consulting and financial management business we'd love to hear from you.
