Huntington Ingalls Industries is America's largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII's Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII's Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 42,000 people operating both domestically and internationally.Job DescriptionHuntington Ingalls Industry is seeking a support specialist with a strong understanding and experience in Office 365. The Support Specialist should be able to apply technical skills and knowledge to collect needed information to resolve issues presented to the National Support Desk. Applications that are supported include Skype for Business Online, OneDrive Sync, Office Online, OneNote, Outlook WebApp, Outlook Desktop Client, Skype for Business Client, and Office 2016 /O365 Suite.Essential Job ResponsibilitiesProvides technical support to business area management and staffs for personal computer systems software, hardware, and network connectivity. Installs, configures and troubleshoots desktop systems, workstations, and network connectivity issues. Accountable for asset management of the information technology hardware. May assign and maintain user passwords for specialized software.+ Provide support to front line support specialists+ Provides excellent customer service over the phones, and knows how to communicate properly with management + Manage and monitor the Office 365 tenants+ Provide Microsoft Outlook 2010-2016 administration and troubleshooting+ Microsoft Active Directory administration and troubleshooting+ Support Mobile Device Management system (Airwatch)+ Address client connectivity, client software distribution and installation issues of O365 Mobile applications+ Develop and document best practices for supporting the Office 365 application and assist with developing appropriate support model+ Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned+ Provides advice and training to peers on various Office 365 applications+ Work with HEAT ticketing system to create, update and close ticketsMinimum Qualifications+ 5-8 Years with Bachelors or 3-6 Years with Masters or 0-3 Years with PhD or JD or HS diploma + 9-12 years of relevant experience.+ Windows 7/8.x/10.x Desktop Administration+ Microsoft Outlook 2010-2016 administration and trouble-shooting+ Office 365 Deployments is a plus+ Microsoft Active Directory administration and trouble-shooting is a plus+ Troubleshooting Mobile Messaging Technologies: Exchange ActiveSync, iOS, Android+ Knowledge and understanding of Dual Factor authentication (ie. DUO) and VPN Clients (AnyConnect, Pulse Secure)+ Troubleshooting Instant-Messaging Clients (Skype for Business/MS Teams)+ Help desk support+ Knowledge and understanding of how single sign on works + Knowledge and understanding of Mobile Device Management+ Antivirus/AntispamPreferred Requirements+ Associate's degree and a minimum of five (5) years of IT experience (at least three (3) years supporting relevant Microsoft products)+ Supporting Migrations from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange/Office 365 is a plus+ Lotus Notes 8.5 or 9.X is a plusPhysical Requirements+ May require working in an office, industrial, shipboard, or laboratory environment. Capable of climbing ladders and tolerating confined spaces and extreme temperature variances.Huntington Ingalls Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Vets and Disabled Employer. U.S. Citizenship may be required for certain positions.
