Tracking Code JIOWC-20-0555-W
Job Code 20-0555
Posting Title OPSEC Open Source Research Analyst
Post Date 5/4/2020
Full Time / Part-Time Full Time
Travel Negligible
City Lackland AFB
State TX
Country US
Description OPSEC Open Source Research Analyst (JIOWC-20-0555-W):

Bowhead seeks an OPSEC Open Source Research Analyst for the JIOWC contract in Lackland AFB, TX. The OPSEC Open Source Research Analyst will conduct OSRA of CCMD and joint force military operations.

Other duties to include:
• Provide timely detailed OSRA reports and briefings.
• Develop and maintain a repository of OSRA results to include mission, source URL, date, activity synopsis and OPSEC analysis.
• Maintain knowledge and awareness of OSRA methodologies. (CDRL A003)
• Provide government and contractor personnel internal training on OSRA methodologies.

Bowhead seeks to network with qualified individuals relative to a potential opportunity, which is contingent upon award and not currently funded. Please click the link at the bottom of this posting to apply for consideration. Incumbent employees are encouraged
to respond. No solicitations or third party applications will be accepted.

Requirements • Must possess 5 or more years of experience in open source research.
• Must have completed OPSEC Program Managers training such as OPSE 2390/2490, Defense OPSEC Managers Course or Service equivalent.
• Demonstrated ability in conducting open source research of all sources (web, print, audio, video, etc.) is required.
• Demonstrated ability in conducting internet-based research including “deep dive” of the web of assigned topics is required.
• Demonstrated ability to develop detailed reports and briefings of research is required.
• Ability to develop or supplement keyword lists to conduct research is required.
• Documented completion of formal open source research training is required.
•
SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED: Must be able to obtain a clearance at the Top Secret/ SCI level. US Citizenship is a requirement for a Top Secret/SCI clearance at this location.

Applicants may be subject to a pre-employment drug & alcohol screening and/or random drug screen, and must follow UIC’s Non-DOT Drug & Alcohol Testing Program requirements. If the position requires, an applicant must pass a pre-employment criminal background
history check. All post-secondary education listed on the applicant’s resume/application may be subject to verification.

Where driving may be required or where a rental car must be obtained for business travel purposes, applicants must have a valid driver license for this position and will be subject to verification. In addition, the applicant must pass an in-house, online, driving
course to be authorized to drive for company purposes.

UIC is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics EOE/AA/M/F/D/V. In
furtherance, pursuant to The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act 43 U.S.C. Sec. 1601 et seq., and federal contractual requirements, UIC and its subsidiaries may legally grant certain preference in employment opportunities to UIC Shareholders and their Descendants,
based on the provisions contained within The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.

All candidates must apply online at www.uicalaska.com, and submit a completed application for all positions they wish to be considered. Once the employment application has been completed and submitted, any changes to the application after submission may not
be reviewed. Please contact a UIC HR Recruiter if you have made a significant change to your application. In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA), persons unable to complete an online application should contact UIC Human Resources
for assistance (https://uicalaska.com/careers/recruitment/).

UIC Government Services (UICGS / Bowhead) provides innovative business solutions to federal and commercial customers in the areas of engineering, maintenance services, information technology, program support, logistics/base support, and procurement. Collectively,
the fast-growing Bowhead Family of Companies offers a breadth of services which are performed with a focus on quality results. Headquartered in Springfield, VA, we are a fast-growing, multi-million-dollar corporation recognized as one of the top 25 8(a) companies
for government contracting.

Link to Apply:
https://rn21.ultipro.com/UKP1001/jobboard/NewCandidateExt.aspx?__JobID=24314

UIC and its Family of Companies is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics
EOE/AA/M/F/D/V.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP
here.
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access
to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure
is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41
CFR 60-1.35(c)
