Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Reston, VA

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It's what drives us to turn bold ideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with what works across the world's leading businesses, we use agile approaches to help clients solve their toughest problems fast-the first time. So, you can deliver what matters most.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

The Senior Implementation Analyst for Service Operations is responsible for supporting cybersecurity systems integration efforts on large task orders for multiple government agencies by performing hands-on operational support for asset management and vulnerability assessment functions. The Implementation Analyst will also coordinate with other DEFEND E Service Area representatives to support issue, problem and incident management activities as required. The Implementation Analyst is familiar with the methodologies and tools used to support Continuous Diagnostic and Monitoring (CDM) capabilities. The candidate will work closely with the CDM solution engineers, testers, training teams and the agencies themselves to ensure successful operations and maintenance of the existing and new capabilities.
