Tuvli, an Akima Company, is dedicated
to providing our customers with superior, integrated technology and program
support services and solutions. Our
systems engineering, information technology, information assurance, program
support and project management staff work closely with customers
to ensure that our solutions are
directly aligned with their business processes and
desired program outcomes. We emphasize affordability, and delivering the best
value for technology investments. Our
personnel enjoy competitive benefits packages and challenging roles in work
environments committed to innovation, diversity and opportunity for career
growth. As an Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), 100
of our company’s profits go
back to our 14,300 Iñupiat shareholders that have resided near and above the
Arctic Circle for more than 10,000 years. Our business helps support their way
of life and contributes to the survival of a culture that has thrived in a
challenging environment.

Responsibilities:
Determine Security Categorization
Develop Information System Description
Prepare Information System Registration
Identify Common Controls
Provide Analysis of Security Control Selections
Develop Monitoring Strategy
Prepare and Submit Security Plans for Approval
Prepare Security Control Documentation
Assist in Developing Assessment Plans
Perform Security Control Assessments
Prepare Security Assessment Reports
Execute Remediation Actions
Monitor Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM)
Collect/development of key system compliance artifacts (boundary diagrams, inventories, compliance scans, etc.)
Prepare Inputs for Security Authorization Package
Identify and Document Risks
Recommend Risk Acceptance as Applicable
Monitor System and Environment Changes
Perform Ongoing Security Control Assessments
Perform Ongoing Analysis and advise on Mitigation and Remediation Actions
Assess and Document Key Updates
Perform Security Status Reporting
Perform Ongoing Risk Determination and Risk Acceptance recommendations
Minimum Qualifications:
Must have a high school diploma or G.E.D.
Must have demonstrated experience supporting a wide range of TCP/IP based systems, networks, networking topologies, ports, protocols, and services
Must have knowledge of and experience with RMF(Risk Management Framework)
Must have Security certification
Must be familiar with Army Security Tools (ACAS – Assured Compliance Assessment Solution, HBSS – Host Based Security System, CSET – Cyber Security Evaluation Tool, HIAT – Honeywell Information Assurance Toolset, eMASS – Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service, SPLUNK)
Clearance/Background check: Must have a current Secret level security clearance
The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description generally cover the nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. This is not intended to be a complete list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as may be necessary. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website.

Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.

In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.
