A little bit about us…

Tehama, LLC, is a tribally-owned 8(a) certified small business that delivers environmental and engineering services to federal, state and municipal clients nationwide. Tehama’s specialties include environmental architecture/engineering services, environmental compliance, environmental remediation and facility engineering operations. Tehama is one of the independent businesses owned by the Paskenta Band of Nomlaki Indians, known as the Tepa Companies. These companies share a common administrative and executive management team through Tepa, LLC, to reduce client costs and improve project efficiency. The Tepa Companies offer a diverse portfolio of services, including environmental consulting, heavy, civil and vertical construction, technology and fueling systems. Based in Kansas City, Missouri, Tehama currently supports a variety of clients through offices across the U.S. Find out more at Tehamallc.com. Tehama, LLC, is an equal opportunity employer and encourages diversity in the workforce.

Now about you..

Tehama is actively seeking a Environmental GIS Analyst position for our office in the Air Force Civil Engineer Center at JBSA-Lackland AFB. As a GIS Analyst, you will be responsbile in the creation of custom cartographic and geovisualization mapping products based on client data specifications, incorporating data from disparate sources, applying quality assurance and quality control checks, maintaining and updating complex environmental geospatial databases, spatial data analysis and programmatic data queries using GIS software and customized SharePoint applications, web-mapping, and the development and execution of automated production workflows.

Additional responsibilities include:
Conduct multi-source research using advanced geospatial methods supporting project objectives
Manage project SharePoint website, to include document repository management, dataset quality assurance, automated data and mapping export tools, and maintaining current information
Create analytic geospatial/cartographic visual and graphics to include mapping to story boards and webmapping
Data quality assurance review for large environmental geospatial datasets
Track project-related investigation schedules to ensure real-time data quality objectives are being met
Daily utilization of ArcMap Suite 10.x and ArcMap Extensions, such as Data Interoperability, Network Analyst, Publisher, and Data Reviewer, for the production of mapping products
Produce spatial data sets and mapping layers, and provide analysis utilizing Model Builder
Support the maintenance of geospatial data in the current Spatial Data Standards for Facilities, Infrastructure, and Environment (SDSFIE) Version 0 database structure
Creation of custom GIS scripts, tools, and applications for various data processing requirements
Engage client and team mebers to determine requirements, propose solutions, and assist with implementation
Develop and modify automated map and KML production workflow
What we are looking for?
Bachelor's degree in GIS, Geography, Geology, Engineering, or related field
Minimum 3 years of experience in environmental sciences and environmental-related GIS using Esri’s ArcGIS software (ArcMap 10.x and ArcPro 2.0)
Experience compiling geographic data from a variety of sources including censuses, field observation, environmental sampling results, satellite imagery, tabular data, databases, and existing reports and figures
Experience developing, updating, and maintaining geodatabases, maps, and graphs using GIS and related software and applying spatial data standards to data development
Expertise in analyzing spatial data for geographic statistics and project metrics to incorporate into reporting documents.
Experience with Field Survey collection methods, Trimble GPS equipment, ArcPad, and TerraSync
Demonstrated skills in database programming languages, such as Python and Keyhole Markup
Experience in Microsoft SharePoint development a bonus
Must obtain and maintain military installation access from government authorities
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
