SWBC has been recognized as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Texas and has an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join an energetic and seasoned team, with an established and expanding national firm. Headquartered in San Antonio, SWBC is a diversified financial services company providing a wide range of insurance, mortgage, and investment services to financial institutions, businesses, and individuals. With offices across the country, SWBC is committed to providing quality products, outstanding service, and customized solutions in all 50 states. SUMMARY Creates and maintains manual and automated test cases, test plans, and test suites for SWBC's client-facing applications and supporting processes. Builds automated regression suits in support of the continuous testing strategy. ESSENTIAL DUTIES Builds test cases, test plans, and test suites. Designs, creates and maintains automated test scripts as part of an application test suite. Performs exploratory testing to find issues outside of normal use. Collaborates with business partners, product owners, and developers to ensure testing strategy will satisfy all acceptance criteria and development outcomes. Tests application features against performance expectations and baselines. Tests applications for common security vulnerabilities. Creates and maintains test data that will allow for all aspects of a test to be fulfilled, either through the application or directly with the data source. Maintains automation frameworks and tools. Performs all other duties as assigned. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related technical field from an accredited college or four-year university OR equivalent experience required. Master's Degree preferred. Minimum of three (3) years of experience required. Extensive experience with static testing, system testing, regression testing, functional testing, non-functional testing, ad-hoc testing, and performance testing required. Experience testing web applications and creating automated test scripts using SoapUI, Selenium, or a similar tool required. Experience with Agile SDLC practices via Scrum and/or Kanban preferred. International Software Testing Qualification Board (ISTQB) certification preferred. Must have deep understanding of testing fundamentals, including requirements traceability, defect management, defect analysis, injection and detection analysis, defect remediation, etc. Must have basic understanding of relational data models. Must have basic understanding of SQL databases. Must have basic understanding of C#, Java, or similar programming language. Must have basic web development skills. Must be able to query and add data, as necessary, via SQL Server or Oracle preferred. Must be familiar with test management and defect reporting tools, including Micro Focus Application Life Cycle Management (ALM), Microsoft Test Manager, Team Foundation Server (TFS), JIRA, etc. Must demonstrate initiative and innovation. Must be able to remain up-to-date on the latest testing methods and technologies in order to produce high-quality software. Must have proficiency in Selenium and ability to write automated test scripts. Must have proficiency in Perl or similar scripting language. Must have proficient Microsoft Office skills, including Outlook, Word, and Excel. Must have excellent organizational skills. Must have strong interpersonal skills. Must have strong verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to use basic office equipment, including copy machine, personal computer, and fax. Must be able to sit for long periods of time performing sedentary activities. Must be able to stand, stoop, and kneel to file for long periods of time. Must be able to push, pull, and lift up to 20 lbs. of files, supplies, documents, or other related items. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SWBC is a Substance-Free Workplace and requires pre-employment drug testing. Please note, SWBC does not hire tobacco users as allowed by law. SWBC offers an excellent employee benefits package that includes: 401(k) with company match, medical/dental, Life, Long Term Disability, Accidental Death and Dismemberment, and Long Term Care insurance policies. SWBC also provides opportunities for professional growth. To learn more about SWBC, visit our website at www.SWBC.com. If interested, please click the appropriate apply button. Only those candidates who meet the minimum requirements need apply.
