Our vision at Petco is Healthier
Pets. Happier People. Better World. We’re making things better for pets,
people and the planet through our Think Adoption First philosophy, the Petco
Foundation and other important initiatives that focus on putting animals first,
educating pet parents and reducing our carbon footprint. The journey starts
with knowledgeable, passionately engaged associates who are proud to recommend
Petco as a place to work, who believe in our Vision and who are committed to
delivering a superior customer experience.

From our retail stores and our network of Distribution Centers
to our Corporate offices, you'll work with others who share your values and
commitment. We seek individuals who are passionate about animal welfare, have
great people skills and are driven to grow and advance in their careers with
us. Our ongoing growth is creating exceptional opportunities for
professional development and personal enrichment throughout our organization.

Position Purpose:

To effectively manage the general liability and all-other-lines
(AOL) claims for incidents which occur at all PETCO locations.

This position is accountable for exercising the company’s policy
rights under purchased coverage, managing the effective administration of
claims by the third party administrator and other service providers, and
ensuring proper reporting and escalation of claims within PETCO.

Essential Job Functions The incumbent must be able to perform all of
the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable
accommodation.
Effectively
manage GL and AOL claims handled by the third party administrator (TPA). Directly
support litigation management activities relating to all general liability and
AOL matters.
Direct and oversee the maintenance of complete
and accurate claim management records. This includes overseeing the proper use
and maintenance of the risk management information system, producing periodic
reports for internal and external use, conducting regular claim reviews and
audits, and maintaining documentation describing related processes, including
training materials.
Audit expenses relating
to the general liability/AOL risk management program. This includes effectively monitoring
administrative fees, litigation, lost time and medical expense costs on an
aggregate and individual claims basis. This also encompasses identifying and
pursuing subrogation and lien opportunities.
Review and approve TPA requests for reserve increases
and settlement authority in coordination with Director of Risk Management. Ensure timely notice to carriers of claims.
Support quarterly actuarial updates and annual insurance policy renewal
processes.
Supervisory Responsibility: None

Work Environment:
Most job functions are performed while seated indoors with
little or no exposure to hazards.

Education/Experience:

Normally
requires a bachelor’s degree or equivalent, preferably in business management,
finance or a related field. Requires a minimum of three years liability claims
handling experience. Advanced interpersonal
communication skills, including strong negotiation abilities, are necessary due
to the nature and volume of interaction with management and outside contacts
including: legal counsel, and third party administrators. Requires expert-level knowledge of insurance
industry practices including related laws and regulations. Must have excellent
team work/collaboration skills and be able to demonstrate the ability to troubleshoot
a variety of issues, occasionally on the fly. Must be able to meet multiple and concurrent deadlines
and possess excellent follow through and organization skills. Must be
exceptionally detail oriented. Strong
computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, risk management
information management systems as well as the ability to utilize internal data
systems and conduct internet research are also required. An equivalent
combination of relevant experience and education may be considered in lieu of a
degree.
