Job Description

Mitchell & Genex have Merged

Mitchell is a trusted software and service provider to the Property & Casualty Claims and collision repair industries as well as risk management professionals. We provide technology and services that simplify claims handling, repair processes and pharmacy transactions with best in class clinical management and cost containment solutions. Genex helps injured workers return to their jobs in a safe and efficient manner through compassionate case management, reducing health care costs and disability expenses for our customers.

Together, we bring two industry leaders in software and service committed to delivering a first-class experience to the customers, partners and markets we serve. We offer a complete suite of technology enabled solutions, and a proven managed care service mix, allowing us to deliver better outcomes to our clients for their businesses, their employees and their customers.


Job Description

Responsibilities:

Plans, performs and implements process improvement initiatives. Diagrams, documents and evaluates existing processes. Organizes, leads and facilitates cross-functional project teams. Develops metrics that provide data for process measurement, identifying indicators for future improvement opportunities. Collects data to identify root cause of problems. Measures performance against process requirements. Aligns improvement to performance shortfalls. Provides consultation on the use of re-engineering techniques to improve process performance and product quality. May deliver presentations and training courses including measurement, analysis, improvement and control. Surveys and analyzes best practices for techniques and processes. Communicates team progress. Performs cost and benefit analyses.
Process accounts receivable transactions as needed
Continuous evaluation of current policies and recommendations for process improvements
Handle sensitive information in a confidential manner
Provide support for internal and external audits
Prepare cash receipts for processing
Perform account reconciliations in a timely and accurate manner

Qualifications
An Associate's Degree in Accounting or related field preferred
0-2+ years of related experience
Experience with cash posting, bank reconciliations, journal entries and/or accounts receivable is preferred
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications
Strong attention to detail with a dedication to accuracy
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to analyze large sets of data
Mitchell International, an equal opportunity employer, values the diversity of our workforce and the knowledge of our people. Mitchell will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, age, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
