Job Description
CACIs Business and Information Technology Solutions (BITS) Sector has an exciting job opportunity for a Security Analyst at ourLackland AFB location in San Antonio, Texas. If you are a motivated individual looking to be a part of critical mission, CACI would like to speak with you!

What Youll Get to Do:
Assist other active duty, government civilians, and contractors assigned to the same functional areas to raise the level of proficiency and effectiveness of the team performing that function.
Provide technical reports, meeting minutes, program plans, concepts of operations, contingency plans, and related documentation as identified for task deliverables
Prepare and disseminate operational reports to include USCENTCOM Joint Cyber Command and Control Center (JCCC) daily operations report (DOR), operation report (OPREP), and situational report (SITREP), incident response, law enforcement, and recovery operations reports, Information protection bulletins (IP Bulletins), USAFCENT Cyber Tasking Orders (CTOs), malicious logic/virus notifications, Cyberspace Protection Condition (CPCONs), and other messages.
Support real-time monitoring of all assigned IDS/IPS deployed and supporting the USCENTCOM/ USAFCENT mission
Monitor network traffic to provide event correlations of operational traffic from multiple locations to determine network security posture
Use standard/provided network tools to evaluate traffic for incident response analysis
Coordinate and execute USCYBERCOM Information Assurance Vulnerability Alert (IAVA) notices as applicable on USCENTCOM networks/systems with the USAFCENT Network Operations & Security Center (NOSC)
Maintain IDS/IPS devices to ensure they are operating at optimal efficiency
Maintain certifications as required to operate on USCENTCOM, USAFCENT, and USAF networks
Conduct network security monitoring and intrusion detection analysis using the USCENTCOM/USAFCENT security tools to include IDS/IPS, firewall, proxy, router logs
Research Net Defense (NetD) events to determine the necessity for deeper analysis and conduct an initial assessment of type and extent of intruder activities. Enters event data into mission support systems according to operational procedures and reports. Produce a Suspicious Event Report (SER) for suspicious traffic
Provide pass-on information to bring incoming crews up to speed on latest suspicious traffic seen from a given port, IP, etc. Work will be performed in 12 hour shifts on a Panama schedule
Provide reporting and computer security-related assistance to USAFCENT NOSC in countering vulnerabilities, minimizing risk, and improving the security posture of USCENTCOM computer networks and systems supporting USAFCENTs operational requirements and mission execution
Provide focused NetD, tailored analysis and monitoring operations of specified sensor locations during contingency operations and in support of named NetD operations and exercises
Track trends of authorized and unauthorized activity
Correlate unusual and suspicious network activity across USCENTCOM
Validate unusual network activity unique to geographical regions and sensor locations
Provide an overall site-analysis profile to serve as a benchmark to identify unusual or suspicious activity
Assist in completion of NetD statistical and trend data and operational event reporting when requested
Maintain current knowledge on new vulnerabilities and exploits. Develop methods to detect and prevent intrusive activities utilizing these new vulnerabilities and exploits. Assist NOSC-IA to develop countermeasures (to include IDS/IPS signature development and correlation rule sets) to isolate, contain and prevent intrusive activities and secure USCENTCOM/USAFCENT networks
Youll Bring These Qualifications:

Bachelor Degree (BA/BS) or equivalent experience and minimum 5 years of related work experience.

Active TS/SCI security clearance

Certifications (required):

CeH

Net+

Sec+

Other certifications desired:

MCSA

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

Job Location

US-San Antonio-TX-SAN ANTONIO

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
