Job Description
This role is responsible for aligning with the business unit around integration and technical execution of initiatives and projects. The Tier III Systems Analyst is accountable for working with business units, project teams, technical teams, and internal/external stakeholders to determine the best manner to implement technical requirements and solutions while focusing on craftsmanship and high availability. Provides knowledge and expertise in a broad spectrum of technologies including servers, storage, backup systems, networking, and security at a Tier III level. Serves as an escalation point for technical issues related to new initiatives and to the operational systems and infrastructure already in place.

If you have experience with integration and technical execution of initiatives and projects, you should apply right away!

Highlights:
Resolve appropriate infrastructure issues;
Configure IT assets and making needed modifications to optimize system performance;
Diagnose system issues stemming from network, server, database, system, and desktop outages or a combination of these technologies;
Monitor and test implemented systems performance and provide documented performance statistics and reports from server logs;
Perform root cause analysis of assigned infrastructure and system issues, problems and incidences;
Develop key vendor relationships and stay abreast of technology advancements;
Experience:

Required
5 or more years’ experience in a technically diverse support environment;
5 or more years’ experience supporting three or more of the following technical disciplines: virtual environments, network storage, cisco networking, security, telephony, SQL, server level system administration.
Experience working with 3rd party vendor support.
Skills & Knowledge:

Required
Broad knowledge of Information Technology environments, support and technologies.
Extensive (Tier III Level) knowledge of at least 2 technologies including: server, network, storage, backup, essential systems and security
PC skill to include Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio
Ability to effectively communicate technical knowledge and expertise to other professionals, regulators and credit union staff.
Outstanding track record of delivering technical support that meets business and member needs/expectations.
Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills
Strong analytical, technical and conceptual skills with attention to detail
Results oriented with a strong focus on the customer (both internal & external)
Ability to tailor communication style to different audiences and to exercise good judgment in frequency and nature of communications to different parties.
Effective time management and prioritization skills
Strong vendor management skills
Strong service orientation to align needed support to the desired business outcome
Strong collaboration and teamsmanship to all Credit Human departments
Strong general knowledge of Microsoft, VMWare or Cisco standards and products.
Preferred
Experience with SDWAN, Enterprise WIFI, NCR ITMs or Azure Cloud
Education:

Required
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field of study
Licenses & Certifications:

Preferred
CCENT

Company Description
Our mission is to change lives; both ours and the lives of the people we encounter. It is this commitment to changing lives that is the driving force behind everything we do in our work and our personal lives. We are motivated by our effectiveness in helping others, and we believe that successful relationships are built on trust.

Tri-Starr Personnel provides innovative and strategic staffing solutions by recruiting talented job seekers and connecting them with reputable employers in leading employment industries. Our core purpose is to assist employers and job seekers in reaching professional and personal goals while creating opportunities and fostering the growth of the individual.

The Tri-Starr Group is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to recruiting, employing, training, promoting, and developing individuals without discrimination because of race, color, religion, gender status, sex, national origin, citizenship, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, age, or any other protected status.

U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
