At SDG&E, we are committed to the community we call home, delivering clean, safe and reliable energy to better the lives of the people we serve in San Diego and southern Orange counties. Our commitment means we are creating a sustainable future by providing almost 45 percent of its electricity from renewable sources; modernizing natural gas pipelines; accelerating the adoption of electric vehicles; supporting numerous non-profit partners; and, investing in innovative technologies to ensure safe and reliable operation of the region's infrastructure for generations to come.Our highly trained and responsive employees with their diverse skills, talents and ideas are the reason we can deliver on our commitment and are building America's best energy company. They are also the reason why we have been recognized with the industry's most coveted awards. Our employees undertake challenging work, and receive highly competitive compensation and benefits. As one of the region's largest employers, we're always searching for talented and bright people to join our team. After all, it takes the best to build the best.Primary PurposeThe Business System Analyst (BSA) is tasked with helping the business meet its objectives and goals by using broad IT and business knowledge to implement IT solutions which address business needs. Develops requirements, facilitates/conducts Business Domain testing, and provides training to ensure that the IT solution reflects the functionality necessary to address business goals and objectives. Provides application support to ensure that end-user issues are managed to resolution. Identifies, develops and implements effective technology solutions that address moderately complex initiatives.Duties and Responsibilities* Develops and manages requirements to ensure that the IT solution reflects the functionality necessary to address business goals and objectives. Includes data analysis, modeling and process management as part of requirements facilitation. Models systems and data to a logical level, user interface design and prototyping, decision tables/trees, data flows, modeling and processes using various notation (use cases, class diagrams, activity diagrams, business process modeling notation.)* Provides application support to ensure that end-user issues are managed to resolution .* Facilitates and executes Business Domain Testing and may participate in Quality Assurance domain level testing to ensure that the IT solution reflects the functionality necessary to address business goals and objectives.* Identify, develop and implement effective technology solutions that address moderately complex initiatives.* Develop and conduct user training to assure proper operation of systems.* Performs other duties as assigned.
