Huntington Ingalls Industries is America's largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII's Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII's Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 42,000 people operating both domestically and internationally.Essential Job ResponsibilitiesProvides technical support to business area management and staffs for personal computer systems software, hardware, and network connectivity. Installs, configures and troubleshoots desktop systems, workstations, and network connectivity issues. Accountable for asset management of the information technology hardware. May assign and maintain user passwords for specialized software.+ Analyze, isolate, and resolve systems issues. This includes but is not limited to technical, procedural, operational, and functional issues+ Assist staff with applications utilized within the unit+ Maintain an online log of support requests and related resolution activity of help desk requests received from staff+ Other projects as assigned by the supervisorMinimum Qualifications+ 5-8 Years with Bachelors or 3-6 Years with Masters or 0-3 Years with PhD or JD or HS diploma + 9-12 years of relevant experience.+ Relevant work experience may substitute the educational and IT requirements + Prior help desk experience with excellent customer service skills+ Project management skills+ Utilizing and understanding SQL queries for database support/troubleshooting+ Problem solver with troubleshooting, decision making and analytical skills+ Able to work and interact with others in a structured / team environment+ Flexibility and adaptability to handle competing work demands+ Excellent verbal and written communication skills+ Demonstrated ability to communicate to nontechnical audience on technical issues+ Demonstrated ability to communicate on a technical level to a technical audience+ Ability to work nontraditional work schedules with flexible hours between 7:00am and 6:00pm and be on-call some weekends+ Ability to do limited travel (0-4 times a year)Preferred Requirements+ Familiar with basic accounting concepts+ Functional knowledge of Judiciary Integrated Financial Management System (JIFMS)+ Functional knowledge of Electronic Voucher System (eVoucher)+ Familiar with a support desk ticketing system+ Basic internet browser knowledge+ Basic project management skills+ Basic knowledge of Microsoft Products (Word, Excel, Power Point, etc.)Physical Requirements+ May require working in an office, industrial, shipboard, or laboratory environment. Capable of climbing ladders and tolerating confined spaces and extreme temperature variances.Huntington Ingalls Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Vets and Disabled Employer. U.S. Citizenship may be required for certain positions.
