Exiger Federal Solutions is seeking an experienced professional to serve as a National Security & Intelligence Senior Analyst, who will provide analytical support within an assigned account focused on bringing Exiger’s best-in-class technology, process and expertise to Department of Defense and/or the U.S. Federal Government. This dynamic role will require knowledge of client priorities and missions. The candidate will gather, synthesize and analyze intelligence information related to force protection, counterterrorism, counterintelligence, supply chain, CFIUS, people vetting, and other areas in support of the assigned account. The candidate will explore new data sources, create effective queries, and combine information from disparate sources to help the client understand their mission environment. The candidate will also serve as a senior member of a team of analysts in support a client's operational requirements. In this role, he or she will be mentor junior analysts in researching, monitoring and analyzing intelligence data and making recommendations based on that data. The candidate will perform searches for information and identify potential adverse information using Exiger’s artificial intelligence document review platform. The ideal candidate will have a passion for collaborative problem solving, highly skilled in utilizing DDIQ, and an expert knowledge of the client’s priorities, and will be a hands-on leader willing to roll up his/her sleeves to get the job done. The successful candidate must be an energetic professional who will advocate for the company and be able to establish and maintain strong client and internal relationships.
Key Responsibilities
Provide analysis and research for national security, infrastructure, technology, country, geographic areas, biographic and targeted vulnerability
Act as the Senior Analyst in support of the assigned account
Deliver excellent analytical support to achieve client satisfaction
Perform analytical research to identify additional seed data, potential gaps and adverse information
Prepare client-ready presentations and quantitative exhibits on the project scope and findings
Provides expert level analysis for adversary capabilities, intentions, techniques, tactics, and procedures (TTP)
Provide situational awareness to other members of the analytical team
Lead by example
Knowledge & Skills
Demonstrable interpersonal skills, ability to write and speak clearly to accurately brief complex analytical-related matters to all levels
Knowledge and understanding of the tradecraft, applications, tools, and methods to collect, analyze, and integrate complex information to assist in solving difficult analytical problems related to targeting and operations
Ability to develop in-depth understanding of clients’ missions and priorities
In-depth understanding of domains relevant to Exiger’s capabilities
Demonstrated ability to translate commercial technology solutions to meet the needs of government clients; preferred DDIQ expertise
Strong organizational skills, including ability to prioritize and work under pressure
Strong interpersonal skills with effective and positive leadership qualities
Mentor junior analyst
Professional Experience Required
Must be a US citizen
Minimum of three (3) years experience performing analytical research
Active or prior security clearance, or ability to obtain a security clearance
Master’s Degree or three years of experience in lieu of a degree
About Exiger

At Exiger we work everyday to make the world a safer place to do business in. Our experts and technology help clients prevent breaches, respond to risk, remediate issues and monitor activities. We are searching for people who think creatively to solve complex problems related to governance, risk and compliance thus delivering first class solutions for our corporate and government partners.
Exiger’s core values are courage, excellence, expertise, innovation, integrity, teamwork and trust.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
