Who we are:
Cobec is a management consulting company where people would want to work. A business powered by smart, diverse people passionate about doing meaningful, quality work. A work place valuing the well-being of employees and trusting them to balance work with life. A culture with a level of freedom in communication, open accessibility to leadership, and personal autonomy and responsibility empowering confident employees. The culture that exists at Cobec, and the talented people who drive it, have powered the smart and continued growth of our employees, business, and clients. We are successful because of our people, and we make choices to support them.


Work with us:
Our entrepreneurial culture drives us to keep up with the latest industry trends, expand our capabilities, broaden our expertise, build our team, and deliver the highest quality solutions to our clients. We are a quickly-expanding company always looking to build strong, enduring partnerships, and are seeking talented professionals to join our team. Become your bestself, work with us!

Position: Cost Analyst – DoD

Location - San Diego, CA

Job Summary

This position will provide experienced cost analysis and estimating support for classified Department of Defense programs

Years of Relevant Experience

The position requires 5-10 years of relevant experience of Cost Estimating experience in the DoD and/or Intelligence Community.

Essential Job Functions

The following duties are normal for this position. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from this position if the work is similar, related, and/or a logical assignment for this position. Other duties may be required and assigned.
Participate in cost teams performing independent cost estimating and cost analysis of classified DoD programs.
Assist with identifying and collecting cost data, preparing Work Breakdown Structures, analyzing cost reporting plans, reviewing cost reports, normalizing data, performing statistical regression analysis, learning curve analysis and other analyses, estimating the costs of software development and maintenance, modeling in Microsoft Excel using dynamic formulas, assessing, quantifying, and incorporating cost uncertainty through Monte Carlo discrete event simulation, documenting and presenting results, communicating with stakeholders, and attending various program meetings.
Use analysis to support successful program acquisition milestone reviews and prepare/support program budget submittals.
Support contract proposal evaluations, negotiations, and acquisition management.
Individual will perform cost analyst duties, responsible for overall development, evaluation, and quality assurance of cost estimates, including ad-hoc special studies, in support of investment decisions for information technology systems.
Support Earned Value Management (EVM) and Integrated Program Management Reports (IPMR) analysis.
Individual will perform cost analysis for program baselines, budget and life cycle cost estimates, feasibility studies and sensitivity analyses, acquisition/contract evaluation and contract solicitation support, and cost performance monitoring and analysis.
Individuals will also support process and policy improvement for cost analysis and estimating guidelines.Individuals will be required to contribute effectively to working groups through oral and written communication and cooperative working relationships.
Security Requirements

Must have DoD Top Secret Security Clearance. Preferred with SCI Eligibility.

Education Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM discipline is required.
Master’s degree desired.
Certified Cost Estimating/Analyst (CCEA) or Professional Cost Estimator/Analyst (PCEA) is desired.
Skills Requirements
Experience with Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Experience with data collection and analysis
Ability to multi–task and work under minimal supervision
Experience with Intelligence Community acquisition process and milestones
Possession of excellent teamwork and collaboration skills
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
Travel

Occasional travel required as needed by client/s and/or company

Total Rewards

Salary Range: 80-120k (dependent on experience)

Sign-On: This position is eligible for a sign-on bonus up to 10K

Benefits:
Relax - Recognizing that everyone needs to time to recharge their battery, Cobec offers an impressive combined six weeks of personal, sick, and holiday paid time off (PTO). Our flexible environment supports and embraces your needs for time away, regardless of the reason!
Savings - Cobec is committed to making a significant contribution towards each employee’s retirement objective. Our retirement plan consists of 401(k) with Cobec matching and Employer Discretionary Contributions.
Health - Cobec provides a choice of three competitive and comprehensive medical plans. Additionally, we provide competitive dental and life insurance, Paid Short-Term and Long-Term Disability, and other great supplemental/additional health benefits.
Career Support and Development - Cobec believes in lifelong learning. In order to support this belief, we offer benefits such Tuition Assistance and Certification Allowance, Paid Professional Association Memberships, and Internal Training Opportunities from our expert workforce in an effort to continue your professional development.
Other Benefits - Pre-taxed healthcare and dependent care spending accounts. Pre-taxed transit and parking plans for our commuters. A company paid mobile device. Company hosted social events for our people and their families. Donation matching program that supports our people in their philanthropic endeavors. Performance based bonuses for our people that go above and beyond. Lastly, for the people that love to give back,Cobec provides opportunities for employees to volunteer and support a local DC charitable organization.
Check our reviews on GlassDoor here!
