Business Analyst I

SUNRx (340B Holdings LLC), a subsidiary of MedImpact Healthcare Systems, Inc. , is looking for extraordinary people to join our team!

Why join SUNRx (340B Holdings LLC)? Because our success is dependent on you; innovative professionals with top notch skills who thrive on opportunity, high performance, and teamwork. We look for individuals who want to work on a team that cares about making a difference in the value of healthcare.

At SUNRx (340B Holdings LLC), we deliver leading edge pharmaceutical and technology related solutions that dramatically improve the value of health care. We provide superior outcomes to those we serve through innovative products, systems, and services that provide transparency and promote choice in decision making. Our vision is to set the standard in providing solutions that optimize satisfaction, service, cost, and quality in the healthcare industry. We are the premier Pharmacy Benefits Management solution!

The Scoop:

The Business Analyst serves as a technical member of the client team. Ensures timely, accurate service delivery as liaison between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow.

What You Get To Do:
Program Configuration Analyst:Must be able to translate the 340B entity’s business specifications into the technical set up of Wholesaler EDI setup and terminations for new implementations and wholesaler changes
Configure the SUNRx Virtual Inventory system to support the Client Business Plan as outlined by the Implementation manager(s)
Liaison for wholesalers that are operational, inclusive of wholesaler research for drug availability, issues, return requests and development needs
Execute Pharmacy Quarterly Registration Submission, coordination, and tracking
Conduct pharmacy implementations for new covered entities and expansion pharmacies
Conduct pharmacy admin tool and price file configuration
Perform switch vendor activation / termination
Change Form creation and release for pharmacy expansions, changes, and terminations
Serve as Liaison for Macro Helix Gateway Platform, and other gateway accumulator vendors that are contracted with SUNRx contracted pharmacies
Serve as liaison for Macro Helix for the addition of new Walmart accounts, term accounts, request go live approvals, and accumulator gateway research
Participates in release planning meetings with stakeholders in order to understand the business needs and priorities of the company
Elicits requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis
Critically evaluates information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decomposes high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs
Performs various types of analysis related to business and system changes/enhancements (gap, impact, risk etc.)
Maintains commitment to operational goals in the face of obstacles
Collaborates and cultivates positive relationships with internal and external customers through delivery of sustainable, measurable, accurate, reliable, and timely results that meet or exceed customer expectations
Promptly responds to service failures, resolves issues, and escalates concerns as appropriate
Interacts with the development team in order to ensure that all project dates and deadlines meet the company’s overall needs, and that the project remains on schedule throughout the life cycle
Creates/updates user guides and training documentation for areas of responsibility
Trains internal users on functionality changes as necessary
What You Need:

Education and/or Experience

For consideration candidates will need a Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university and one (1) to two (2) years of related experience or four (4) years of related experience in 340B Administration, Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM), Pharmacy, Managed Healthcare or similar role; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Computer Skills

Strong proficiency with MS Office / Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio and Outlook.

Other Skills and Abilities
Strong analytical and product management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts
Ability to negotiate effectively and work well with a team
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment
Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organizations
Understands project plans and is able to clearly articulate roles, project goals, and timelines
Takes input from supervisor and appropriately and accurately applies comments/feedback
Accurately employs our methodology and documentation tools
Establishes responsible deadlines and personal work plans and manages time effectively
Travel - This position may require domestic travel of up to 10% of the time.

The Perks:
Medical / Dental / Vision / Wellness Programs
Paid Time Off / Company Paid Holidays
401K with Company match
Life and Disability Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee Referral Bonus
This position is eligible for Employee Referral Bonus at Level I

To explore all that MedImpact has to offer, and the greatness you can bring to our teams, please submit your resume to www.medimpact.com/careers

MedImpact, is a privately-held pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) headquartered in San Diego, California. Our solutions and services positively influence healthcare outcomes and expenditures, improving the position of our clients in the market. MedImpact offers high-value solutions to payers, providers and consumers of healthcare in the U.S. and foreign markets.

EOE, M/F/D/V

OSHA/ADA:

To perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Disclaimer:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.
