Job Description
Position: Business & Strategy Research Analyst Intern
Location: San Diego, CA
Classification: Exempt
Reports to: Director of Operations
Date: Immediate
Who We Are
Analytics Ventures is a venture studio dedicated to creating and building transformative companies that harness the power of artificial intelligence to deliver global impact. We incubate new ventures that have artificial intelligence at the heart of their solution. These entities not only gain access to our world-class team but they receive the foundational support they need to successfully launch their business, including strategy, back office infrastructure, shared offices, funding, team development, and much more. Our ventures benefit from our own AI lab, operational framework and access to a premier ecosystem. Our fund provides Limited Partners with access to founding equity of our portfolio companies.
Job Description
As an Analyst Intern you will become an integral member of our team. In addition, you will learn the basic fundamentals of what it takes to be successful in an early-stage agile startup environment. Your day-to-day responsibilities could include, company and industry research, participating in the development of client presentations, and interacting with members of the business team.
Analytics Ventures offers a truly distinctive experience where interns are expected to collaborate directly with the industry's most highly regarded experts. Our entrepreneurial environment fosters an apprenticeship-like culture, and interns are expected to take on an outsized level of responsibility and make an impact. Interns will be encouraged to recognize and evaluate the nuances of each project, allowing them to develop a well-rounded, highly quantitative skill set.
We're looking for an intern to join us for a semester long internship to help us with our internal diligence operations and strategy. This a part-time unpaid internship that pays in opportunities and connections, not monetarily. All applicants should be prepared to register this internship for course credit.
Essential Functions
Conduct market, strategic, and industry analysis
Create business strategy plans and presentations
Participating in project scoping and strategic planning
Meeting with decision makers, systems owners, and end users to define business, financial, and operational requirements
Communicating project and recommendation details verbally or through written documentation to management, peers, and other project stakeholders so that issues and solutions are understood and can be accurately portrayed to the client; and,
Preparing and delivering reports, recommendations, or alternatives for improving processes in operating systems across the client's organization
Required Qualifications
Coursework in strategy, marketing, accounting, finance, business law, and operations
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic, challenging, and exciting environment
Able to adhere to strict deadlines and produce quality work
Skill with Excel and PowerPoint
Have a minimum of a year left of school
Able to enroll in college credit for internship
Access to transportation
Able to commit 20 hours per week at our office
Entrepreneurial and intellectually curious
Strong work ethic
Well rounded and personable
Excellent follow through and attention to detail
Preferred Qualifications
Background/interest in entrepreneurship, management consulting, business strategy, venture capital, investment management, and investment banking preferred
Comfortable working independently, but unafraid to ask questions when necessary
Strategic yet creative thinker, self-starter, able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Ability to think critically, solve problems, and develop a narrative based on data driven insights
Supervisory Responsibility
This position does not require supervisory duties.
Work Environment
This job operates in a professional office environment.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. This is largely a sedentary role; however, there are stairs to the office. This would require the ability to walk up stairs, open filing cabinets and bending or standing.
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work
Hours are dependant upon your course schedule. Interns will work no more than 20 hours.
Travel
Travel is primarily local during the business day, although some travel may be expected.
