Position Summary:

Illumina is seeking a Business System Analyst responsible for the design, build, implementation, and support of Illumina’s QMS Solutions and Platform. The role will be responsible for working with EtQ Solution (including the EtQ Modules and related systems) and its integration with other enterprise systems. Responsibilities include analyzing business need, gathering business requirements, leading solution design teams, implementing solution(s), and recommending best practice methods.

Basic Function and Scope of the Position:

This role functions as a strategic partner and is responsible for reviewing, analyzing, planning, developing, testing, documenting, and implementing processes within various company business systems.

All About You

Responsibilities:
Researches and provide best practice recommendations with a focus on end-to-end capabilities and impact to KPIs.
Improves systems by studying current practices; designing enhancements. Understands when to recommend changes to a business process / policy, acquire software, configure, or customize.
Conduct enterprise analysis including root cause analysis, development of solution proposals, and creation of business cases. Includes Troubleshooting Incidents.
Partners with business to elicit, analyze, and document business requirements.
Translate business requirements into functional requirements specification, workflow, and cross-functional dependencies.
Ensures a focus on worker’s information needs driving high level of usability and data quality.
Participate or lead process modeling and design with a focus on standardizing global processes including contributions to policy changes.
Facilitates confirmation of requirements and designs with business and technical staff.
Lead meetings with business and technical team to collect pain points including non-functional requirements using a structured framework.
Prepares visuals to communicate and gain buy-in on pain points, recommendations and the solutions roadmap.
Accountable for knowing processes and functionality around Quality and Regulatory end-to-end processes and systems in order to guide business process changes, configuration, and development.
Maintains active communication with business users and stakeholders to manage expectations regarding changes to the system and the introduction of new and enhanced functionality.
Accountable to ensure the solution meets the agreed upon business requirements while creatively leveraging standard capabilities where possible.
Conduct data and process analysis using a variety of query and visualization tools. Familiarity with Tableau, Denodo, and Snowflake is a plus.
Applies information systems development, implementation and operation control concepts in a wide variety of technology settings and appropriately assesses the exposures resulting from ineffective or missing control practices.
Stay abreast of technology developments related to domain expertise.
Manages multiple priorities and successfully completes multiple projects with minimal supervision from the manager.
Develop and deliver train-the-trainer content as required.
Manage EtQ Validations and Validated State as well as ensure EtQ’s systems are updated to with the EtQ upgrades.
Ensures Documentation and Data are managed within the QMS Solutions.
All listed responsibilities are deemed as essential functions to this position; however, business conditions may require reasonable accommodations for additional task and responsibilities.

Requirements:
Experience (3+ years) at an enterprise-level with strong domain expertise in Quality (QMS) and Regulatory Systems and Processes.
Strategic thinker who skillfully applies a critical and analytical approach.
Must have experience with enterprise analysis including development of solution proposals and creation of business cases.
Experience with business process improvement techniques and methodologies.
Exceptional analytical, planning, organizational, and problem solving abilities.
A motivational person who can guide and influence project stakeholders and build consensus
Expertise in requirements gathering, writing software requirements, process modeling, and data mapping.
Strong ability to present ideas and information in group settings. Has the ability to persuade, negotiate, and facilitate conflict resolution.
Demonstrated experience successfully defining and documenting projects that drive positive results.
Demonstrated experience in testing and test planning.
Experience with requirement management & testing in FDA regulated environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills that non-technical end users can understand.
Knowledge of the full software development life cycle using Agile/Scrum Methodology.
Education:
BS/BA in Business Administration or related field
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
