ABOUT US:

DFO is on a mission to deliver superior eCommerce software, marketing, and products to make the world a better place. To accomplish this DFO needs people that love:
Performance marketing
Technology
eCommerce
People and the world
DFO is global in operations, culture, and language with offices in New York, San Diego, Toronto, Vancouver, Mexico City, Sao Paulo, The Hague, Amsterdam, Hong Kong, Ho Chi Minh (Saigon) and Manila.

SUMMARY:

An exciting and challenging position exists as Business Intelligence Analyst in DFO Global Performance Commerce’s San Diego Office. Reporting to our Chief Information Officer, you will be responsible for completing a variety of business requirements gathering, report curation and analysis, and project coordination tasks.

A qualified candidate will have a demonstrated ability to deliver effective reporting and analysis to a variety of stakeholders, has a strong background in Tableau and Netsuite, and is able to generate solid-action items and use-cases independently. This position will be very focused on financial accounting-related topics, and frequent coordination with our Finance team will be expected.

The ideal candidate demonstrates and embodies a passion for marketing, e-commerce, and learning. If you want to work with the best people, learn from the best, and be the best – we would love to hear from you.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Creating and maintaining data sources that integrated a variety of disparate APIs and databases
Effectively visualizing the right data, to the right group of people. From that, making executive recommendations based on various analyses
Helping create the various use-cases and action plans based on descriptive and predictive analysis
Running different types of analyses (i.e. regression, moving averages) and creating forecasting reports based on sales data
Innovating and improving upon existing processes and procedures
Learning and developing an understanding of the interplay and relationships between various departments
Developing and analyzing KPIs, both of the business as a whole, and from department to department
Building self-serve reporting for various departments using Tableau and Netsuite
Administering Netsuite from a Report-Admin perspective
YOUR SKILLS:
Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Marketing Analytics, or Finance
3+ years experience with Tableau Desktop (or equivalent BI tool)
2+ years experience with Netsuite (as a user or admin)
2+ years experience with SQL, in specific generating a variety of complex queries
Ability to read and understand a variety of API profiles as it pertains to retrieving, collecting, and ingesting data
Experience with creating departmental KPIs
Experience with creating and maintaining technical and procedural documentation
Strong aptitude in Excel; VBA knowledge is an asset
BENEFITS:
Attractive salary and benefits
Best hardware
Education Allowance
Premium medical insurance
DFO CULTURE:
Exciting and diverse team, all around the world!
Value given to ideas and opinions
Friendly coworkers!
Hosts of the Best Performance Marketing Party in the world
Valuers of innovation
HOW TO APPLY:
Please apply with your cover letter, resume and your portfolio if you have one.
Apply Now! If you love eCommerce, join our mission!
