Job: Senior Business Analyst, Sales Operations
Location: San Diego, CA; Santa Clara, CA; Waltham, MA

Work matters. It's where we spend a third of our lives. And the workplace of the future is going to be a great place. We're dedicated to bringing that to life for people everywhere. That's why we put people at the heart of everything we do.

People matter. Our people have a passion for learning, building, and innovating. Whether you're an engineer, a sales professional, a finance professional, or anything in-between, our roles aim to provide each person with meaningful impact and plenty of space to grow.

Role

We are seeking a Business Analyst to join our AMS Sales Operations organization and help to build out analytics and reporting in support of go-to-market initiatives. The preferred candidate will have experience supporting Sales, is comfortable managing large data sets, has strong attention to detail, has the ability to build financial models, has a creative problem-solving mindset, and has strong communication skills. They will work cross-functionally across sales, operations, marketing and finance, with the primary objective of enabling sales leadership to make effective, analytically driven, and strategic operating decisions.

What You Get To Do In This Role
Assist in the development and reporting of key performance metrics to help drive increasing Sales productivity
Work directly with Sales Operations Senior leadership on business-critical reporting needs
Extract data sets, perform analyses, build financial models to support pipeline, coverage, renewal or other initiatives on a weekly/monthly/quarterly cadence
Manage operational process improvement projects
Support the implementation of Sales productivity, planning and reporting tools
Assist with annual planning and monthly forecasting processes for the AMS Sales organization
Analyze performance and productivity data and assist in preparing slides for QBR's, or other Sales leadership presentations
Other ad hoc responsibilities in support of Sales and Operations
In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:
Minimum of 3 years' experience in Sales Finance / Sales Operations or relevant advanced coursework portfolio
Excellent communication skills - verbal and written
Ability to communicate effectively and collaborate with others
Self-motivated with the ability to multitask and come up with creative solutions
Comfortable and flexible working in a fast-paced environment
Positive can do attitude and highly analytical; enjoys challenges & strives for success
Detail oriented and comfortable working with large data sets
Advanced Excel and PowerPoint capabilities.
Tableau or PowerBI experience preferred
ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at , or for assistance.
