The Business Process Analyst is primarily responsible for providing training, guidance and support to drive improvements in quality, productivity, and cost reduction for Illumina’s critical value streams. The person in this role will contribute to developing and driving Illumina’s Operational Excellence methodology, as well as working with Illumina’s leaders on improvement efforts for day-to-day operations. You will be responsible for identifying, prioritizing and implementing initiatives to improve productivity, quality, customer service and/or reducing costs and complexity for Illumina commercial operations. Additionally, you will serve as a critical resource to foster the use of Lean and problem-solving tools throughout the commercial organization.

Responsibilities
Manage large highly complex programs that will accelerate operational, productivity and customer experience improvements across the organization.
Identify, scope, resource, and execute large-scale cross-functional projects aimed at reduction of waste; applying the principles of `waste reduction’; muda, muri, and mura.
Driving, leading and coaching teams through activities such as systematic problem solving, risk-based decision making, product/process characterization and statistical control methodologies.
Drive innovation with respect to system, process and technology improvements.
Recognize operational issues/challenges and recommend pragmatic solutions.
Promote the value of operational excellence across the organization and create demand for the benefits of this discipline within key functions.
With a strong understanding of, and aptitude for, contingency planning, change management and communication to successfully navigate to desired outcomes with minimal impact to ongoing business objectives.
Set direction and provide frameworks through which operational objectives can be delivered.
Support functional areas in facilitating the identification, implementation and tracking of company-wide business operations and customer programs.
Assist functional areas in identifying key metrics and validating savings related to automation and process improvements.
Serve as facilitator and champion for operational excellence across the company. Coach, mentor and support colleagues in achievement of initiatives and targets.
Create effective working relationships with fellow team members and internal partners, measured through observation, metrics and feedback.
Develop, participate, and lead training sessions in lean, kaizen, and problem-solving methods.
Work with commercial leaders and team members to define the implementation strategies for continuous improvement across the organization.
Support policy deployment activities to define strategic objectives and metrics for the organization.
Develop appropriate tools and methods to sustain improvements across the organization.
Incorporate the use of Lean tools and methods in team activities and business problem solving.
Develop data collection and retrieval tools for organizational use.
Develop and implement supervisory level control solutions.
Requirements
5+ years of continuous improvement leadership applying the elements of lean/operational excellence
Expertise in the following tools: 6-sigma, DFSS, A3, DMAIC, FMEA, FTA, Lean, Critical Parameters Management (CPM), Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA).
Expertise in leading Lean Kaizen events in a manufacturing and office environments is required.
Track record of making rapid, measurable improvements through the implementation of lean methods in a company respected and admired for operational excellence.
Six Sigma Black Belt or Master Black Belt by recognized certification organization
Life science or medical device industry experience preferred
Ability to operate as a matrix leader by coordinating and influencing resources across departments, divisions, and geographies.
Effective presentation and interpersonal skills meeting the needs of all levels within the organization up to and including the executive management team.
Experience/Education
8 years of related business experience
BA/BS required; MBA or management consulting experience a plus
Applied experience in meeting and applying quality regulations and standards (21CFR 820, ISO 13485:2016)
Experience in IVD/Med Device industry is a plus.
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
