Circa Interactive is passionate about establishing a new way of thinking in enrollment marketing. By amplifying a universitys unique story, executing data-driven paid advertising campaigns, leveraging innovative technology and working with faculty members to inspire content creation, we connect colleges and universities with the students who will help change our world and push forward big ideas.

There is an incredible demand for this way of thinking in higher education, and we are growing fast. Our clients include some of the top institutions in the U.S. and the world, and we are looking for the best of the best to join our team, teach us new things and help us deliver even more value to our academic partners.

Why We Need You

Since 2011, Circa has developed a reputation as innovative, dependable and always willing to go above and beyond for our partners. As we grow, it is more important than ever that we focus on these areas, and doing so requires amazing people who also are innovative, dependable and willing to go above and beyond. We are a culture that values experience and knowledge, and we need someone who can make an immediate impact and help us continue delivering a high-quality experience that exceeds expectations.

As the digital business analyst, you will play a vital role in ensuring Circa exceeds the goals and expectations of our partner institutions. You are an experienced digital marketing pro and have the ability to translate client goals into a multi-dimensional enrollment marketing strategy that achieves cost per lead, cost per enrollment and student goals. You understand the enrollment funnel and have the ability to guide our university partners on everything from lead and enrollment forecasting to strategies to increase lead to student conversion rates. You will set the direction for the entire unit and your expertise will be critical to the success of each partnership.

This is a full-time role in San Diego and we are happy to help new employees relocate. We will also entertain a remote option if we find the right candidate.

Responsibilities

Main Objectives: Within the Analytics team, the digital business analyst will provide analytics and marketing technology expertise. The digital business analyst will work through various analytics technology tasks/projects at the requests of the Director of Analytics & Digital Strategy and the Analytics Lead. This individual will also assist the partnership managers, subject matter experts (Paid Media, SEO, PR) and leadership in order to help achieve the overall KPIs for each partner university. He/she will initially research and select an effective data warehouse/data mart and provide a long-term solution for BI reporting working closely with the Analytics Lead. The digital business analyst will provide additional analytics/marketing technology support as explained below.
As the digital business analyst, you will:
Build a brand new data warehouse/data lake solution for digital analytics with focus on Paid Media, SEO, & Digital PR and incorporating CRM down-funnel enrollment data
Collaborate with key stakeholders and data analysts to provide innovative BI solutions/deliverables for customer-centric analytics
Research and consider a DMP solution to integrate 1st party and 3rd party data
Manage multi-channel attribution modeling process/reporting to build customer journey maps and understand the whole customer experience
Collect internal and external business requirements and provide relevant reporting and dashboards with the help of our data analysts
Setup/manage Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics, Hotjar, etc. and provide relevant reports to the team for actionable insights
Work closely with our data analysts to understand marketing and enrollment results for various programs
Work with data analysts to setup AWS SFTP processes for lead files exports and enrollment files imports
Work closely with our CRO consultant to setup and test program landing pages and web pages
Assist in marketing technology tasks -- Unbounce landing page forms CRM integrations, Facebook/LinkedIn Lead Form Ads CRM integrations using Zapier, tags/pixels (including event-tracking) setup and QA
Join monthly client and business unit strategy meetings and ad hoc strategy meetings as needed
Stay up-to-date on the current trends in digital marketing and higher ed.
Understanding and intermediate-level ability to conduct practical market research and industry analysis
Additional relevant projects or tasks for the Analytics team
Requirements
Bachelors Degree (Masters Degree preferred) in Business Analytics, Computer Science, Information Systems, Data Science, Economics, Math, Statistics, or a related field of study.
Critical thinker who understands business requirements and can provide relevant reporting/analyses to provide actionable insights to our digital marketing subject matter experts, partnership managers, leadership, etc.
Projected project management and/or development of a data warehouse/data mart or similar technology integration.
Advanced experience with web analytics and reporting tools focused on telling stories through data (e.g. Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Hotjar).
1+ years focused on web analytics and/or business analytics.
Analyze marketing performance issues -- data mining to provide effective reporting showing wins and opportunities.
Business Modeling: spreadsheet modeling and data visualization.
Digital Enterprise: CRM system (Salesforce, Hubspot, Recruit, Slate, etc.) integrations with digital platforms.
Advanced Excel/Google Sheets skills: VLOOKUP, Pivot Tables, Macros, etc.
Higher education industry experience preferred.
Remote Possibility; preferably, San Diego or Orlando.
Preferred Skills

Excel (advanced modeling), Google Sheets (advanced modeling), Supermetrics, AdStage, Zapier, Google Marketing Platform (Google Data Studio, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Optimize), Digital Media Platform Analytics (Google Ads, Bing Ads, Facebook Ads, LinkedIn Ads), Hotjar, Unbounce, Instapages, AWS, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, SAS, R, Python

Salary range: [$55-65k/year]

Benefits of Working at Circa
Learning stipend of $1,500 per year
Unlimited vacation days
Health, dental, vision and life insurance
401k + match
Career mapping and planning
Up to eight training and development opportunities per month
Continuous performance feedback and learning opportunities
Weekly and monthly team lunches and events
About Circa Interactive

Through innovative, creative and analytical solutions, our mission is to help higher education institutions achieve their marketing and student enrollment goals as efficiently and effectively as possible. We are committed to preserving brand integrity, amplifying program awareness, building thought leadership and generating high-quality inquiries for our partner institutions.

Visit circaedu.com to learn more.

Powered by JazzHR
