Potomac Management Solutions is looking for a Business Analyst to provide services for a projected need at the DEA.

Travel: Contractor employees supporting this contract may be assigned to offices located at DEA headquarters in Arlington, Virginia (Crystal City); offices in the Washington, D.C. commuting area; or DEA field offices located throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. DEA has 39 domestic offices in 23 Divisions. Those Divisions are as follows: Atlanta, GA; Caribbean; Chicago, IL; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; El Paso, TX; Houston, TX; Los Angeles, CA; Louisville, KY; Miami, FL; New England; New Jersey; New Orleans, LA; New York, NY; Omaha, NE; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; San Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Seattle, WA; St. Louis, MO; and Washington, DC.

Schedule: Full Time

Functional Responsibilities: Performs analysis and related support functions relevant to strategic planning and assists with performance measurement and tracking performance related metrics. Develops reports and makes recommendations to improve business processes, procedures, and performance. Assists in performing analyses and interpretation of cost and expense variances. Compiles and analyzes financial information. Develops integrated analyses, projections, reports, and presentations. Creates and analyzes monthly, quarterly, and annual reports and ensures information has been recorded accurately. Identifies trends and developments in competitive environments and presents findings to senior management. Performs financial forecasting and reconciliation. Coordinates performance metrics gathering, analysis and reporting activities. Identifies and analyzes systems requirements and defines project scope, requirements, and deliverables. Performs other duties as assigned.

Minimum Education: Bachelor degree or equivalent

General Experience: Requires 5 years of experience and strong analytical, interpersonal, oral and written communication skill and the ability to solve complex problems and work in a team environment. Must have strong technical and analytical skills and experience with data management programs and PC based applications. Must be detailed oriented, flexible, and have strong organizational skill and the ability to work in a fast-paced, high volume, tight deadline environment.

If you do not find interest in this opportunity but know of someone who may, we kindly ask that you refer the individual to Potomac Management Solutions by forwarding this job posting.

Potomac Management Solutions, LLC (PMS) specializes in Human Resources/Staffing, Program Operations, Administration, Health Systems Management and Federal Law Enforcement Support. We understand the fundamental component of commercial services as well as state/federal contract management - transforming mission objectives into programs that efficiently support and deliver quality products & services.

In conformity with applicable laws, Potomac Management Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, or status as a disabled veteran, a Vietnam Era veteran, a veteran who has served on active duty for which a campaign badge was authorized, or a newly separated veteran.
