For nearly 50 years, Family Health Centers of San Diego (FHCSD) has provided affordable, high-quality health care and supportive services to all San Diegans. With more than 1,800 employees spread throughout 40 sites around the county, FHCSD is proud of the diversity of its staff as a reflection of the communities it serves.

The reward of working at FHCSD is more than a paycheck and excellent benefits; it is the impact and contribution to the San Diego community that employees value most. If you are passionate about improving the overall health and livelihood of your community, FHCSD is looking for people like you.
General Job Description
The Business Analyst II will develop and execute data analysis for our Special Populations Grants to include HIV, HCV, Homeless, LGBT, etc. This position will be responsible for the successful development, implementation, and administration of program evaluation and quality assurance processes. As appropriate, provides supervision and support to assigned team and provides training and ongoing support for staff on data and evaluation requirements. In collaboration with the internal Evaluation Consultant, FHCSD Clinical Supervisors, Data QA Specialists, and external Evaluators, provides administration and ongoing management of the program data, documentation, and reporting activities, including oversight of data analysis and data submissions by partners and staff. Develops Quality Assurance plans for regional networks and special projects. Responsible for the complete, accurate and timely generation, and as appropriate, submission of Evaluation reports.

Job Roles
Actively keeps project databases up-to-date and current via ongoing review of requirements associated with programmatic activities.
As appropriate, supervises assigned team, including recruiting, hiring, training, coaching and ongoing support, conducting corrective action, and providing performance assessments.
Builds positive relationships, inspires others to perform at a higher level, prepares career development plans and retains an accountable workforce.
Conducts QA and analysis related to deliverables through generation and review of monthly reports; based on analysis of compiled data, informs management team of necessary next steps, and follows-up with required actions, including providing direction to staff and feedback to internal and external evaluators.
Ensures adherence to all relevant policies, procedures, and contractual obligations related to research and evaluation. Communicates any evaluation concerns to Program Management and External evaluators as appropriate.
Interfaces with FHCSD’s IT Dept. and data systems to obtain data and reports to assess performance in meeting identified metrics and support ongoing quality improvement efforts.
Leads the planning and development of protocols and procedures relating to data entry; ensures that all documentation is completed and entered in a timely manner and according to department/program guidelines.
Oversees and directs activities related to monthly verification of reports matching hard data reports and outcome data.. Oversees data cleaning process. Ensures work is completed according to established timelines and meets all department guidelines.
Participates in continuous improvement activities and ensures appropriate Lean tools (i.e., 5S, A3) are deployed and results are evaluated and/or measured.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Provides on-going training to staff related to relevant data systems and evaluation requirements.
Provides/ensures staff receive all new hire and annual training's on time.
Reviews, approves, and follows-up on data and reports submitted for analysis; serves as primary point-of-contact for follow-up on data discrepancies; directly submits all final reports.
Responsible for the analysis of data to support the business unit with data to provide actionable solutions. Work with other departments, such as IT, Billing and Accounting departments to establish rules and methodologies for sustainable effective data management.
Education/Certifications/Licenses/Registrations
Master's degree Public Health (MPH)- Epidemiology, or related field, required.
2 years of experience working with specific data systems and outside Evaluators (e.g., ARIES, CMEDS) required.
Supervisory experience preferred.
3 years of experience in research, data analysis, and management of data required.
Ability and means to travel as needed in a timely manner within San Diego County. DRIVER REQUIREMENTS: Requires an active Class C California driver's license, proof of liability insurance at $100,000, on vehicle used. No more than 2 points in past 12 months; No suspensions in last 2 years for moving violations; No DUI, reckless or felony Driving within 5 years. No license revocation in 7 years.
Experience/Specialized skills (including Language)
Bilingual English-Spanish preferred.
Effective training and coaching skills; ability to drive results and achieve objectives through others.
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills.
Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail, time-management skills, and strong motivation to meet deadlines and achieve goals.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Knowledge of supervisory practices and techniques, including performance management and employee development.
Strong skills in computer applications and software, including MS Office.
Thorough knowledge of all screening, assessment and treatment tools utilized by the program, as well as related reporting requirements.
Thorough knowledge of processes, procedures, and best practices relating to data collection, analysis, and evaluation.
Thorough knowledge of Scopes of work for assigned projects and related database systems.
Grant and clinic based data experience to include Special Populations.
Ability to work well with IT department to obtain data and reports.
