Business Systems Analyst IV

13-Jul-2020

Company
General Atomics Aeronautical Systems

Job Summary
General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Business Systems Analyst to work within our Aeronautical Systems EVMS Compliance Team, located in Poway, CA.

With general direction and limited review, this position acts as a liaison between one or more business system users such as finance, payroll, purchasing, marketing, manufacturing, and human resources and the information systems technical staff to ensure that information technology design, data, reports, systems and processes meet the needs of the end users. As the business activity advocate, coordinates and provides leadership for all information technology developments including but not limited to: developing product/service/report specifications to ensuring end-user requirements are fulfilled; evaluates new and/or modifying/upgrading existing business processing hardware and software systems.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Act as a liaison between users of business computer systems and the information systems technical staff to: interpret needs into specifications for computer/system implementation, plan and coordinate processing schedules, develop and modify output reports, establish priorities for task completion, and define/modify/update interfaces between other internal and external computer systems.
Act as an advocate to enhance the use of the current software/computer systems and ensure users are trained.
Research, plan, evaluate, and coordinate new and/or modification/upgrades of existing business processing hardware and software systems.
Coordinate the development of reports, processes, analyses, etc. to meet user requirements.
Define and coordinate activities between user departments and external agencies such as banks, tax agencies, benefit plan administrators, vendors, subcontractors, etc.
Develop innovative solutions for time sensitive problems.
Administrate enterprise software tools following industry best practices.
May provide training, guidance, and direction to less experienced staff.
Responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company.
Expected to work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.
Perform other duties as assigned or required.
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

Job ID#
28532BR

Job Category
Information Technology

Travel Percentage Required
0% - 25%

Full-Time/Part-Time
Full-Time Salary

State
California

City
San Diego

Clearance Required?
No

Title
Business Systems Analyst

Job Qualifications
Typically requires a bachelor's degree and ten or more years of technical experience working with computerized financial, accounting, purchasing, payroll, human resources, manufacturing, or other business related systems.
May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education.
Experience with JavaScript, SQL and VBA required.
Experience with C++, C#, Ruby, and HTML would be preferred.
Experience with MS Project Server, databases, advanced user of Excel preferred.
Must be experienced in leading and coordinating interactions between business system end-users and technical staff and have a complete operational and system understanding of administrative functions such as: general ledger, accounts receivable, accounts payable, purchasing, inventory control, fixed assets, payroll, human resources, etc.
Must have experience in developing and coordinating the development of reports from business systems and evaluating new or upgraded relevant software and hardware. Must be customer focused, able to look at long-term trends and emerging requirements, and understand government cost accounting.
Under general supervision with limited review, this position independently determines approaches/solutions for the design, development and/or modification of specific programs or projects for enterprise-wide end-user, system level, and data management software applications.
Involved in planning of application development and deployment as well as responsible for meeting software compliance standards on specific programs or projects.
Evaluates integration of software applications with the overall computing environment. Responsible for documentation, testing, maintenance, and software updates.
Communicates with domain experts, users, and management throughout the software development lifecycle.
Able to work extended hours as required.
US Citizenship Required?
Yes

Experience Level
Senior (8+ years)
