The Kaiser Permanente Membership Connect (KPMC) Training team is responsible for developing and delivering new curriculum, content, and desktop level procedures for all front-line staff within Membership Administration (MA). Additionally, the KPMC Training team will be responsible for conducting quality reviews during the nesting phase of training to provide input to the effectiveness of the training (e.g., content and activities) and on the readiness of the trainees to be productive and support customers. Emphasis, repetition, and constant evaluation of documented procedures will help prevent trainees from learning poor habits that can impede the successful outcomes of customer service.

Business Consulting: Includes analysis/evaluation of business and/or system process and functional requirements, development of business cases, client support during system development and implementation, development and maintenance of service level agreements. Develops relationships with upstream and downstream business partners. Develops/maintains and changes business processes, and understands the business processes of assigned partners and how they relate to our functional areas. Develops and recommends changes to business processes.
Essential Responsibilities:
Knowledge of application of standard principles, theories, and techniques.
Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
Demonstrates development of positive relationships with peers.
Understand their functional area business processes.
Is assigned to investigate, document, and analyze client requirements in project areas such as: new/existing business operating models with innovative approaches to applicable department solutions support, market research of emerging or available product functionality and operational readiness assessment.
Assesses scope and impact of client business needs.
Support Business Case Development.
Participates in the analysis of client business processes and functional requirements and in the preparation of appropriate documentation to communicate and validate the information.
Participates in workflows, process diagrams and gap analysis.
May assist in the development of project plans.
May use the associated project planning tools.

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
N/A
Education
Bachelor's degree in business/health care administration or related discipline OR four (4) years relevant experience.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A
Additional Requirements:
Business analysis or project analysis experience.
Knowledge of platforms assigned to the functional area.
Identifies and documents functional and/or divisional, requirements, workflow, information sources and distribution paths, and system/process specifications.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in business/health care administration or related discipline.
Experience
collecting, compiling and analyzing data to identify areas for improvement
in the quality system or training program
Experience identifying
gaps and communicating recommended solutions (e.g., training)
interventions to meet quality standards
Professional
certification, such as Six Sigma, Quality Engineer, Quality Improvement
Associate or Quality Auditor, an advantage

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
