Exciting new opportunity to utilize your business and industry expertise to evaluate, develop, participate in, and monitor projects across multiple business areas. This position exists to research and evaluate potential new projects, monitor current projects, and evaluate completed projects to improve current processes which impact the business.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Represents assigned line of business/shared service in cross enterprise business planning.
Works with stakeholders to develop business requirements and a formal business plan.
Reviews and analyzes requests for new projects across multiple business areas.
Assists with preparing project initiation documents including timelines, resource requirements and project risks.
Organizes, leads, and finalizes design review sessions for business requirements and documents resulting decisions.
Effectively communicates progress and escalations to the appropriate staff.
Obtains agreement from the business owners/sponsors on user documentation and support the development of the documentation.
Demonstrates broad knowledge of business processes and best practices in assigned areas of responsibility
Applies broad insurance and information system knowledge to assist multiple business areas in improving workflow and the cost effective utilization of insurance systems.
Provides business expertise across projects to ensure a consistent resolution of common technology issues.
Partners with business sponsors and IT across multiple areas of the business and across multiple projects to ensure new/revised business or functional requirements are defined and documented.
Identifies downstream affects and ensures that all stakeholders have been identified and consulted.
Develops and implements project plans
Takes the lead role with overall project planning by providing consultation on, and/or actively creating project definitions.
Coordinates and organizes input from various stakeholders, negotiates priorities, resolves conflicts and builds consensus.
Provides change request direction for the overall business function.
Ensures all relevant documentation is updated to reflect decisions
Follows up on completed projects to measure value and determine if projected value up was achieved.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

None.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university.

3-5 years’ experience in managing multiple business analysis projects with at least 1 to 3 years in the insurance industry.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS

PMI certification in project management or successful completion of a recognized project management curriculum; CPCU designation a plus but not required.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS

Intermediate skills in project management processes, tools and techniques, and analyzing/improving business processes.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

Office environment– no specific or unusual physical or environmental demands and employees are regularly required to sit, walk, stand, talk, and hear.

COMPETENCIES

This position maps to the Individual Contributor level. Additional competencies required: none.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

This position operates in an office environment and requires the frequent use of a computer, telephone, copier, and other standard office equipment.
