Veyo is using its platform and app-based transportation services to reinvent the medical logistics world. Our company is using technology to pioneer new operational models to help make transportation more powerful and more reliable for the healthcare industry.

When you work at Veyo, you’re helping to solve one of the nation’s growing healthcare challenges -- ensuring patients get to and from their medical appointments, safely and on-time. We are using smart design and innovative technology to make patient transportation safer and more connected. In the process, we’re transforming the entire industry.

Position Summary

Responsible for a range of process improvement and process management activities. Activities include planning, performing, and implementing process improvement initiatives, in addition to ownership of operational processes. These initiatives may represent one portion of a larger project or may represent a stand-alone initiative or function within a workgroup or department. Process management functions may include data gathering and analysis, best practice research, process mapping, developing and recommending alternatives for improvement, developing performance metrics, obtaining leadership or stakeholder agreement, implementing improvements, and monitoring post-process improvement initiative performance to updated standards. Activities are undertaken and executed in support of organizational goals and are accountable for providing business process solutions to meet internal and external customer expectations. May utilize Lean/Six Sigma processes and concepts to lead process improvement initiatives. Partners with management, project champions, and process owners to execute the project and deliver results.
Key Responsibilities Include:
Data Analysis: Identifies data source, gathers, and analyzes data relevant to processes identified for process improvement initiatives. May recommend data requirements.
Research: May research and summarize best practice standards relevant to process management. Makes recommendations on appropriate solutions based on research.
Process Architecture: Design processes using defined methods. Ensures process mapping is complete; provides feedback and guidance to less senior analysts/consultants. Interview stakeholders and process owners to define processes.
Process Recommendations: Prepares process recommendation documents, including presentations, process maps, supporting metrics, business requirements, and related impact analyses for fewer complex processes or for portions of larger or inter-related processes. May apply Lean/Six Sigma concepts and techniques to process improvement initiatives, including completing Lean/Six Sigma analyses and tasks.
Performance Management & Control: Develops performance metrics to establish process success. Reviews data post-implementation to measure outcomes and impacts. May develop recommendations to minimize impacts.
Change Management: Participates in change management activities associated with process improvement. Engages leadership and stakeholders to obtain support and buy-in for changes. Partners with management, project champions, and process owners to align process improvement initiatives with business objectives.

Qualifications Include:
Minimum 4 years of process improvement, consulting, or related business experience.
Financial services, Health, Wellness, & Fitness, Hospital & Health Care, or Transportation industry experience (preferred)
Bachelor's degree required
Six Sigma (Preferred)
Knowledge of process improvement methodologies.

We like the following personality traits: Friendly, social, outgoing, positive, passionate, cool under pressure, detail-oriented, deadline oriented, quick learner, multi-tasker, great sense of humor.

We’re looking for people that love the opportunity to be involved in strategy and management at the top level, but also aren’t scared to get their hands dirty and do what needs to be done to make things happen! We move quickly, and our team doesn’t know the meaning of “not my job.” We want people that want to get things done and can check their ego at the door.

We thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position. This position is only for candidates legally allowed to work in the US. EOE.

Veyo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Additionally, Veyo participates in the E-Verify program for all locations.
