As we navigate through these unprecedented times, MCMs focus continues to be our commitment to our Consumers and Employees. Over the past couple of weeks our teams have worked diligently to ensure wherever possible our employees were able to move to 100% remote work and our Consumers were still supported.

MCM continues to hire in areas which aid in the support of our Consumers and Employees. We have also leveraged our digital capabilities to continue to provide a great recruiting experience. As an applicant, you may be asked to complete a phone screen, or a virtual interview and our Recruiting Team is committed to supporting any questions you may have throughout the Interview process.

Now more than ever, we have a high demand for self-driven, ambitious individuals to join our IT team.

The Technical Writer/Compliance Analyst is responsible for administering data security policies as well as safeguarding information, evaluating data security procedures and identifying project management.

Duties:
Audit and assess firm wide plan for IT security policies and rules - log-in and passwords, etc.
Other data security projects as assigned.
Perform IT risk assessments of established and new areas to identify risks and create mitigation strategies and recommendations.
Serve as the project manager for security and/or compliance initiatives of the IT Department - SOX, PCI, vulnerability assessments.
Qualifications:
Required: 3 years business experience; exhibit strong basic executional capabilities and begin to take on more responsibility. Working knowledge of the regulatory environment Encore operates in and associated requirements - e.g. SOX, PCI, GLBA, ISO. Ability to follow guidelines and identify and resolve problems. Bachelor; Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Software Engineering or applicable work experience.

Preferred: Master or Advanced; Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Software Engineering. Experience working for a publicly traded company in a similar role or with a reputable auditing / consulting firm.
