Born digital, Axos Bank has reinvented the banking model and grown to just over $12 billion in assets since our founding in 2000. With a broad and ever-growing range of financial products, Axos Bank is rated among the top 5 digital banks in the country! Axos Financial is our holding company and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AX (NYSE: AX).
We bring together human insight and digital expertise to anticipate the needs of our customers. Our team members are innovative, technologically sophisticated, and motivated to achieve.

The Senior Business Analyst will be responsible for providing support to a fast-paced analytics department. This role will require deep problem-solving skills and possess a broad knowledge of quantitative modeling as it relates to the banking/financial services industry.
Analyze and identify business challenges and opportunities and apply modeling/statistics to make strategic and tactical recommendations
Consult with business partners to develop strategy to address and influence business problems
Analyze data, build BI tools and develop financial models
Communicate results and recommendation to senior management and business partners
Identify opportunities to apply quantitative methods to improve business performance
Communicate technical subject matter clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds
Develop quantitative modeling competencies of others within the same line of business. Teach and mentor quantitative modelers

Expertise in one or more of the following: Statistical Modeling, Probabilistic programming, ML/AI, knowledge presentation, cognitive modeling, natural language processing
SQL knowledge and experience and exposure to Python and R
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Building, maintaining and developing on software infrastructure to or cloud infrastructure to handle enterprise projects along with data integration mechanisms for interfacing between machine learning and artificial intelligence applications
Experience in building machine learning applications, broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools and open source libraries
Supports customer acquisition strategies by vetting information from public sources and lead providers then aggregating content from data provider to stimulate development of telemarketing and email marketing campaigns.
Consolidation of publicly available information to develop an achievable picture of a perspective customer
Exploration that leverages more information pertaining to a specific area in a market or product that stimulates development for product offerings while also discovering strategic opportunities within a specific markets or demographics
Track record of fact-based communication to support senior decision-making

Minimum of 3 years of experience in data analytics
Minimum of 5 years of proven experience in a problem solving/analytical role in a fast-paced organization
Experience in regulated financial services (FDIC, OCC, FINRA, FRB) or experience in another highly regulated environment i.e. pharma or med device (FDA) or utility, power, oil/gas (FERC, BSEE)
Management consulting experience preferred

Pre-Employment Drug Test:
All offers are contingent upon the candidate successfully passing a credit check, criminal background check, and pre-employment drug screening, which includes screening for marijuana. Axos Bank is a federally regulated banking institution. At the federal level, marijuana is an illegal schedule 1 drug; therefore, we will not employ any person who tests positive for marijuana, regardless of state legalization.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
Axos Bank is an Equal Opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex (including pregnancy, breast feeding and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military and veteran status, marital status, age, protected medical condition, genetic information, physical disability, mental disability, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws.
Job Functions and Work Environment:
While performing the duties of this position, the employee is required to sit for extended periods of time. Manual dexterity and coordination are required while operating standard office equipment such as computer keyboard and mouse, calculator, telephone, copiers, etc.
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.
