General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.

We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Project Control Analyst to work within our Mission Systems Project Controls group in Rancho Bernardo, Ca. Under general supervision, this position plans, tracks, analyzes, and reports in accordance with procedures for projects of varying contract type, size, and complexity. This position will work within a team environment consisting of program management, technical, production, financial and other supporting staff.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Plans, tracks, analyzes, and reports schedule and financial status for projects of varying contract type, size, and complexity.
Works in a team environment with technical, financial, and management staff with the objective to track and control contract activity and deliverables.
Interacts with management staff to establish and maintain a cost and schedule baseline, analyze the performance on the contract on a recurring basis, and work with the program staff to generate Estimates At Completion.
May assist in the development of Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) and related dictionaries.
Contributes in the development and implementation of Earned Value or equivalent cost tracking methodologies, performs related variance analysis, and works with program/project managers and technical personnel to ensure uniform application of procedures.
Develops and implements reporting procedures to review project status and valuation of work in progress, as well as tracking procedures for contract deliverables.
May participate in new business proposals as required to develop schedule, manpower, and cost estimates.
Develops and maintains master program schedules for assigned contracts and internal development efforts.
Utilizes the information from Microsoft Project and other sources to generate budgets and track performance against those budgets.
Performs monitoring, analysis and reporting on assigned projects the status of procurements for the purposes of cost reporting. Interfaces with operating and support groups (Purchasing, Finance, QA) to collect data for preparation of schedules and reports.
Provides task leaders and program managers with clear, timely and accurate information recommendations with which to make decisions.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.
