Job Title: Business Systems Analyst
Location: San Diego, CA, 92127
Duration: 3 Months
Roles & Responsibilities:
Plan and facilitate requirements definition sessions with stakeholders to capture business requirements.
Create detailed requirements, use cases, guides, and diagrams for product releases.
Ensure projects are implemented according to requirements.
Assist with project planning, scoping and management.
Assist in the writing of the test plans, cases & scripts as required.
Work with Project Management on delivery feasibility and management of project scope, resources and schedule.
Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline or equivalent
Required Experience:
Lightning experience
3-5 years of Salesforce Configuration experience
Required Skills:
Excellent client-facing written and oral communications skills
Salesforce Configuration expertise
Sales Cloud Best Practices
Road mapping and Solution Design abilities
Background working in Agile/Scrum methodology
Proven ability to develop and optimize integrated business processes across disparate systems
Proficiency with the Salesforce data loader for import, update, and export activities in Salesforce
Preferred Skills:
Consulting background
FinancialForce, CPQ, Communities
About our Company:
22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
