ICW Group's IT Data Management Team is in need of aBusiness Analyst II to join in on the transformation. The purpose of this job is to assume responsibility for helping business and IT implement technology solutions in a cost-effective way, and to communicate requirements to stakeholders, facilitators, and partners. . This position exists to liaise with both Business and IT stakeholders to enable business to achieve its goals. This person will serve a key role in the communication with other teams from Advanced Analytics to Business Intelligence and Actuary. It's a dynamic role that calls for a driven and motivated Business Analyst to bring everything together.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Acts as an intermediary between the business community and the technical community.
Elicits, analyzes, and documents detailed business requirements.
Understands business processes and relevant technology for business initiatives.
Negotiates agreements and commitments by facilitating communication between business unit(s) and IT from initial requirements to final implementation.
Coordinates and organizes input from various stakeholders, negotiates priorities, resolves conflicts, and builds consensus.
Possesses expertise in the business unit(s) they support as well as an understanding of the IT organization’s systems and capabilities.
Applies insurance and information system knowledge to assist business in improving workflow and improving the cost effective utilization of insurance systems.
Achieves the strategic vision and operating platforms that define the people, processes, tools, and technology.
Works with business Product Owners to create and maintain an operating plan.
Conducts user acceptance testing.
Facilitates communication between IT and business stakeholders and Product Owners.
Works to ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget.
Formulates and defines systems scope and objectives through research and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements.
Provides insurance and technical support to IT staff.
Implements new systems and solutions of installed systems.
Oversees enhancements and maintenance of installed systems.
Documents user manuals to describe application installation and operating procedures.
Participates and contributes in design sessions in prototyping new or existing systems.
Works to continually enhance business processes, operations, and information process flow.
Supervisory Responsibilities

This role does not have supervisory responsibilities.

Education and Experience

Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; or equivalent work experience. Minimum 2 years of relevant technical or business work experience. Minimum 2 years of related experience in business analysis.

Certificates, Licenses, Registrations

CBAP certification preferred. Insurance Certifications NTH (CPCU, ARM, AIC, AINS), and domain expertise preferred; CSM or CSPO preferred.

Knowledge and Skills

Knowledge of insurance preferred. Strong analytical skills, ability to create compelling business cases; ability to provide input for cost/effort estimates and financial analysis. Team-oriented focus; ability to conduct effective meetings with business and project teams; ability to create and interpret user needs into specifications, user stories, flowcharts, UML diagrams, etc. Highly competent in reading, analyzing and interpreting technical industry-related journals and DOI filings. Strong understanding of basic system engineering, object-oriented design, information risk and security guidelines, and architecture standards. Knowledge of Modeling Techniques: Object Orientation analysis, UML (e.g. Use Cases, Activity Diagrams). Good understanding of data management and database concepts. In depth understanding of the various software development lifecycles (e.g. Scrum, Waterfall, and/or Hybrid) and demonstrated experience in writing software requirements and test specifications. Intermediate knowledge of SQL and intermediary working knowledge of Excel (e.g. Data cleaning, manipulation and reporting). Working knowledge of API standards for communicating and integration between applications.

Physical Requirements

This job operates in a professional office environment. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently will sit, stand, walk, and bend during working hours. Requires manual and finger dexterity and eye-hand coordination. May be required to lift light objects. Requires normal or corrected vision and hearing corrected to a normal range.
