About Dexcom:

Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.

Position Summary:

Responsible for managing daily activities related to Dexcom’s international distributor and direct-to consumer business. This position will also support continuous improvement projects with our direct international sales offices. This position requires a problem solver who responds to both issues and opportunities quickly and effectively. This person can adapt to changing assignments and can handle multiple tasks with conflicting priorities. Demonstrates strong leadership capabilities that can work collaboratively with internal and external teams, both US based and international. Superior organization and self-motivation skills are required

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Provides support to inside sales team leaders to define sales processes and pipeline management from lead capture through product re-orders. Focus is on efficiencies and scalability.
Communicate requirements to technical team for system enhancements
Leverage knowledge of domestic customer inside sales to support best in class solutions for the international marketplace.
Continually review and assess processes and systems and lead process improvement initiatives to enhance both sales performance and the customer experience.
Support in country leadership to build a performance culture that allows a collaborative environment to exceed both sales goals and customer expectations in a manner that is efficient and scalable.
Lead initiatives for the international direct-to consumer to share best practices and efficiencies.
Demonstrate flexibility in prioritizing among competing opportunities and needs and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Ability to think creatively and collaboratively to offer novel solutions to local country business challenges.
Represent and advocate for international commercial needs in interactions with cross-functional partners.
Prepare pricing approval documents for new products/new markets.
Maintain customer master information for all international distributor and direct-to consumer businesses
Process internal sales sample requests
Support International Business team members by taking on additional workload as needs arise
Other duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications:
Demonstrated expertise in the inside sales process from lead capture, lead nurturing, pipeline management and re-orders
Demonstrated knowledge of Salesforce.com and experience in usage of this system in either US or International environments
Ability to cope with challenges associated with international business such as differences in language, culture, and business practices
Experience and Education Requirements:
Bachelor's degree (B.A.) from four-year college or university preferred; minimum of 2-5 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
Travel Required:
Up to 25%
Functional Description:

Professional Individual Contributor: Manage activities related to international distributor business. Work on continuous improvement projects with direct international sales offices. Work with internal and external teams. Partners with in-country business managers to define enhancements/updates to the inside sales processes. Implement enhancements/updates to sales processes in direct international markets.

Functional/Business Knowledge:
Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues.
General application of concepts and principles.
Demonstrates project management skills and successful track record of completion.
Contributes to the development of new concepts, techniques, and standards.
Scope:
Receives general oversight and guidance on approaches to compete project related tasks.
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors.
Develops solutions to a variety of problems.
Builds productive internal/external working relationships.
Judgement:
Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.
Normally receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignments.
Language Skills: Must be able to communicate effectively in English. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be required to perform the following Physical Activity: Standing, walking, sitting, using hands, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, talk or hear, taste or smell. May be required to lift 0 lbs. to over 100 lbs.

Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be exposed to the following environmental conditions: Wet or humid conditions, work near moving parts, work in high - precarious places, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, outdoor weather conditions, extreme heat (non-weather), extreme cold (non-weather), risk of electric shock, work with explosives, risk of radiation, vibration. The noise level in this work environment can range from quiet to very loud.

Please note: The information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties and responsibilities in this job description may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons.

#LI-EF1
