Position Summary:
This role reports into the Global Information Services (GIS) team and acts as a strategic partner to the Company’s Global Quality and Operations team.
The role is responsible for partnering with business to implement strategic and tactical initiatives in Procurement space with SAP and Ariba systems.

All About You
Maintains active communication with business users and stakeholders to manage expectations regarding changes to the system and the introduction of new and enhanced functionalities.
Troubleshoot and provide technical resolutions throughout Procure to pay space.
Lead meetings with business and technical team to identify and collect requirements using a structured framework.
Facilitates confirmation of requirements and designs with business and technical staff.
Prepares visuals to communicate and gain buy-in on pain points, issues and recommended solutions.
Accountable for knowing functionality of SAP & Ariba (at the minimum) in order to guide business process changes, configurations and developments
Applies information systems development, implementation and operation control concepts in a wide variety of technology settings and appropriately assesses the exposures resulting from ineffective or missing control practices.
Stay abreast of technology developments related to domain expertise.
Conduct data and process analysis using a variety of query tools including SQL or MS Access.
Demonstrate ability to work across organizational regional and global boundaries, ability to multitask and manage multiple projects in a cross-divisional and cross-functional environment
Work with team members to identify process or system improvements
Manage Application Management Support ensuring adherence to agreed SLAs.
Develop and deliver train-the-trainer content as required
Ability to effectively execute tasks, responsibilities and meet deliverable deadlines using multiple modes available for virtual collaboration (Telephone, email, instant messaging, Virtual rooms/ Net meeting as applicable)
Manages multiple priorities and successfully completes multiple projects with minimal supervision from the manager.

Requirements:
Ideally candidate would have 2-4 years of SAP Procure to pay process including implementing them
Experience at an enterprise-level with strong domain expertise in SAP Procurement modules that supports FDA/Regulatory Compliance, CAPA’s, Quality Control, and Quality Assurance.
Strong technical expertise with SAP- Procure to Pay (PTP)
Skills in Ariba would be added advantage
Strong technical expertise in business to business connections and integrations
Able to demonstrate strong procurement process and supplier enablement process understanding
End user manual and training documentation preparation.
Ideally would have associated knowledge in some or all of the following: accounts payable and tax
Experience with business process improvement techniques and methodologies.
Expertise in requirements gathering, writing software requirements, process modeling, and data mapping.
Strong ability to present ideas and information in group settings. Has the ability to persuade, negotiate, and facilitate conflict resolution.
Demonstrated experience successfully defining and documenting projects or project activities.
Demonstrated experience in testing and test planning.
Experience with requirement management & testing in FDA regulated environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills that non-technical end users can understand.
Knowledge of the full software development life cycle using Agile/Scrum Methodology.
Education:
BE/B.Tech/MSC/MBA/MCA in or related field
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
