As an ITBusiness Analyst III you will be supporting one of our key business groups within theICW Group organization,Workers Compensation Claims. The purpose of this job is to assume responsibility for helping business and IT implement technology solutions in a cost-effective way, and to facilitate communication with stakeholders, facilitators, and partners. the core of this Business Analyst III is to analyze business partner’s operations to align information technology solutions with business initiatives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Partners with business leaders to align IT initiatives with business strategy.
Educates the IT organization on the direction of the business.
Negotiates agreements and commitments by facilitating communication between business unit(s) and IT from initial requirements to final implementation.
Works with business Product Owners to create and maintain an operating plan.
Works to achieve the strategic vision and operating platforms that define the people, processes, tools, and technology.
Brings solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge.
Partners with business and technology partners to elicit, analyze, translate, and document business requirements into technical requirements.
Analyzes, documents, and tests program development, logic, process flows, and specifications.
Finds ways to improve workflow and the cost effective utilization of insurance systems.
Partners with business stakeholders to conduct user acceptance testing
Documents user manuals to describe application installation and operating procedures.
Facilitates communication between IT and business stakeholders and Product Owners to ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget.
Provides business process and technical expertise to IT staff for the implementation of enhancements, solutions, and maintenance for installed systems.
Improves the cost effective utilization of insurance systems.
Contributes in design sessions in prototyping new or existing systems.
Works to continually enhance business processes, operations, and information process flow.
Performs cost-benefit and ROI analyses for propose systems to aid teams in making implementation decisions.
Identifies inefficient processes and procedures.
Supervisory Responsibilities

This role does not have supervisory responsibilities.

Education and Experience

Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; Information Technology, Engineering, or related degree preferred.

Advanced Degree with Industry/Technical designations (i.e., CPCU, ARM, and CBAP) preferred. Minimum 5 years of relevant technical or business work experience. Minimum 4 years of related experience in business analysis.

Certificates, Licenses, Registrations

BPM, Lean, or Six Sigma preferred.

Knowledge and Skills

Knowledge of insurance preferred. Strong analytical skills; ability to create compelling business cases; very strong understanding of business complexity and project interdependencies. Intellectual curiosity and the ability to question status quo; ability to partner with software engineers quality analysts to identify course of resolutions. Ability to create and interpret user needs into specifications, user stories, flowcharts, UML diagrams, etc. Highly competent in reading, analyzing and interpreting technical industry-related journals and DOI filings. Ability to coordinate and organize input from various stakeholders, negotiate priorities, resolve conflicts, and consensus building. Strong understanding of basic system engineering, object-oriented design, information risk and security guidelines, and architecture standards. Strong knowledge of Modeling Techniques: Object Orientation analysis, UML (e.g. Use Cases, Activity Diagrams); in depth understanding of the various software development lifecycles (e.g. Scrum and Waterfall) and demonstrated experience in writing software requirements and test specifications. Strong understanding of data management and database concepts. Advanced knowledge of SQL, and ability to work on advanced Excel functions including VBA if required. Strong working knowledge of API standards for communicating and integration between applications.

Physical Requirements

This job operates in a professional office environment. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently will sit, stand, walk, and bend during working hours. Requires manual and finger dexterity and eye-hand coordination. May be required to lift light objects. Requires normal or corrected vision and hearing corrected to a normal range.

If you have a passion for the Insurance Industry this is a great opportunity to continue pursuing your career in this domain!
