Responsible for a range of process improvement and process management activities. Activities include planning, performing, and implementing process improvement initiatives, in addition to ownership of operational processes. These initiatives may represent one portion of a larger project, or may represent a stand alone initiative or function within a work group or department. Process management functions may include data gathering and analysis, best practice research, process mapping, developing and recommending alternatives for improvement, developing performance metrics, obtaining leadership or stakeholder agreement, implementing improvements, and monitoring post-process improvement initiative performance to updated standards. Activities are undertaken and executed in support of organizational goals and are accountable for providing business process solutions to meet internal and external customer expectations. May utilize Lean/Six Sigma processes and concepts to lead process improvement initiatives. Partners with management, project champions, and process owners to execute the project and deliver results.

Essential Responsibilities:

Data Analysis: Reviews data analyses prepared by less senior analysts/consultants. Defines requirements for data and sets standards of data collection. Support staff in resolving issues that prevent customer agreement.
Research: Reviews best practice research prepared by less senior analysts/consultants. Makes recommendations on appropriate solutions based on research; selects from alternatives presented.
Process Architecture: Designs more complex processes and reviews the work of less senior analysts/consultants. Ensures process mapping is complete; provides feedback and guidance to less senior analysts/consultants. Interviews stakeholders and process owners to define processes. Defines standards and methods.
Process Recommendations: Reviews business requirements and related impact analyses for highly complex processes. Leads the development of recommendations by less senior analysts/consultants. Negotiates final requirements and mediates impacts across all stakeholders. May apply Lean/Six Sigma concepts and techniques to process improvement initiatives, including completing Lean/Six Sigma analyses and tasks. Shares accountability for realization of results with process owners and will present recommendations to stakeholders and process owners.
Performance Management & Control: Defines, develops and evaluates performance metrics to establish process success, including working with multiple stakeholders, often with competing/conflicting objectives, to ensure cohesive and reachable measures of success Reviews data post- implementation to measure success; defines standards of improvement success.
Change Management: Leads or partners in change management activities associated with process improvement. Engages leadership and stakeholders to obtain support and buy in for changes. Champions process improvement efforts and a continual process improvement culture. Partners with management, project champions, and process owners to align process improvement initiatives with business objectives.
May have formal supervisory responsibility.
(For Six Sigma Master Black Belts): Creates a sense of urgency around change efforts by ensuring actions are taken to anticipate and overcome obstacles and resistance to change. Defines and documents standards of performance and productivity for Lean/Six Sigma function for approval by organizational leadership. Identifies metrics needed to track effectiveness of business processes and operations. Establishes an adequate inventory of projects and ensures that all elts are fully dedicated to Lean/Six Sigma activities. Directs and manages quality reviews and quality control monitoring for Lean/Six Sigma programs. Tracks progress of Six Sigma Green Belt consultants and Black Belt Consultants in Lean/Six Sigma initiatives. Trains other employees in Lean/Six Sigma concepts and techniques. Coaches and mentors employees seeking Green Belt and Black Belt certification.

Basic Qualifications:


Experience
Minimum eight (8) years of process improvement, management consulting, change management, or related business experience.
Education
Bachelor's degree OR four (4) years of experience in a directly related field.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A
Additional Requirements:

Advanced knowledge of process improvement methodologies.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.
Preferred Qualifications:

Minimum twelve (12) years of process improvement, consulting, or related business experience preferred.
Health care or insurance experience preferred.
Graduate degree preferred.
Lean/Six Sigma Master Black Belt Certification preferred.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
