Job Description
Actuary and Medical is recruiting for Entry Level Actuary positions with requirements as follows:

Job Requirements:

AAM seeks a highly-motivated individual committed to an actuarial career to join us as an Actuarial Assistant. This position will start you on a career track that is well suited for mathematics, economics and actuarial science majors, or those majoring in a related field emphasizing strong quantitative and analytical skills.

Actuaries analyze data to make decisions that allow the company to properly manage its risk. On a typical day, this may include extracting and analyzing premium and loss data, using computer and statistical programs, evaluating results for reasonability and communicating observations to various teams to help achieve bottom-line goals. Our actuaries do more than crunch numbers — they tackle a variety of problems such as creating business strategies, developing and enhancing products, presenting proposals to management and forecasting and assessing industry trends. Actuaries are key members of the management team, as a wide range of important decisions are based on their projections and professional opinions.

An important part of an actuary’s professional development involves advancing through a series of exams offered by the SOA and CAS. Our companies can provide you with up to115 paid study hours per exam along with opportunities to take review courses, financial support for CAS exams and VEE courses, onsite quiet rooms for studying and an exam coordinator to assist with exam processes. As you pass your exams, you may be eligible for raises and first-time passing bonuses!

Candidate Qualifications
Masters or Bachelor’s degree: in Mathematics, Economics, Actuarial science, Statistics, Finance Accounting or related field preferred;
Minimum 3.0 overall GPA
Very good quantitative, analytical and problem-solving skills;
Effective written and verbal communication skills;
Strong Word and Excel skills;
Some computer programming knowledge useful (such as Access, SAS, SQL C or C++or other programming language);
Permanent U.S. work authorization
Commitment to take and pass exam P1, with preference given to candidates who have passed more than the minimum of one exam
The companies we recruit for feel that their associates’ quality of life is important to them. Many of our companies offer full-time associates a comprehensive benefits program which can include:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at some locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. ACG and its affiliated companies are equal opportunity employers. Background and credit checks, hair or urine drug testing, and health assessments are required as part of our pre-employment process.
Position Summary:

Actuarial Assistant is an entry-level Actuarial position. Actuaries begin as students that rotate in various positions throughout the actuarial departments in order to gain a wide range of knowledge and experiences that can be leveraged throughout the Actuary’s career. Although not every rotation path is the same, common roles often include, but are not limited to, Valuation, Product Development, Asset-Liability Management, and Experience Analysis.

About Actuary & Medical Recruiting:

Actuary & Medical Recruiting recruits actuaries for prestige companies working in employee benefits, healthcare, life insurance / financial services, and property and casualty insurance. The firms we recruit for are all well-respected firms that have quietly earned a reputation for exceptional services, innovation, and quality. Many of these companies have been in business for over 30 years. We present qualified actuaries to some of the nation’s most highly regarded providers of retirement plans and services to the full spectrum of business, financial, and government and union organizations.

Hiring Practices:

Actuary & Medical Recruiting and all of its affiliates, as well as all companies we recruit for, are equal opportunity employers, and all applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Information:

Actuarial Review offered by Actuary & Medical Recruiting is tutorial in nature and is offered in preparation for the actuarial examinations administered by the Society of Actuaries and the Casualty Actuarial Society. The purpose of the review is to provide you with exam hints and strategies, and to provide an overview of the material.. Actuary & Medical Recruiting will also refund the $250,00 examination fee (that is to be paid to the Prometric Testing Center) and for the 2019 ACTEX study manual, upon being successfully placed through our efforts. Actuary & Medical Recruiting will exercise every reasonable effort to assist Prospective Employees with finding a suitable employment position.
Company Description
Recruiting, Searching, and Consulting Firm
