SOLUTE is a recognized industry leader in providing Software Engineering,
Systems Administration, Program Management, CyberSecurity / Information
Assurance, Program Support, Innovation, Systems Integration Engineering and
consulting services to the United States government and prime government
contractors. Our experts bring a wealth of operational knowledge and technical
excellence to numerous clients throughout the Department of Defense. SOLUTE
Inc. promotes a team oriented environment, which is instrumental to our
success.

This job is on-site in San Diego, CA.

The Business Analyst will be a key member of the Business Development team and
report to the Proposal Manager with significant oversight and input from the
CEO and CTO. This position will support fast-paced capture and proposal efforts
relative to business development pursuits (specifically the DoD IT market). The
successful candidate must be able to read and understand the terms and
conditions of an RFP; develop a comprehensive compliance matrix; read and
relate data from our information database and tailor to the RFP requirements.
The individual must solicit technical information from the engineering staff,
take notes, write, and edit technical proposal content aligned with the
compliance matrix. The individual must be proficient preparing price
information in excel.

Key Attributes Writer, researcher, quality control, attention to detail,
organization and time management, self starter, Microsoft Excel

Requirements
4 Year college degree from an accredited college/university.
2-3 years of experience writing technical proposals, grants, and/or
reports.
Read and understand federal solicitations, contractual agreements, FAR
clauses, or other applicable regulations.
Create proposal outlines, compliance matrices, and response templates
based on RFP.
Experience in understanding concepts and interviews with Subject Matter
Experts (SME) and writing first draft technical proposals and editing SME
feedback into refined and final technical proposals.
Manage Action Items throughout the proposal development process
Track and review incoming Non-Disclosure Agreements and Teaming
Agreements.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Able to carefully review and provide quality assurance and compliance for
work products prior to submission
Demonstrate strong work ethic, work autonomously with minimal direction
as well as within a business development team, mission oriented, and
takes personal pride in work.
Superior writing, editing and proofreading skills.
Exceptional attention to detail and proposal compliance.
Strong problem solving, organization and time management skills to
balance and prioritize work.
Excellent skills with MS Office products including Word, Excel, and Power
Point (Microsoft Project and Visio desired).
Experience with Salesforce and SharePoint
Willingness and ability to work under pressure and meet proposal
submission deadlines.
The ability to obtain or maintain a Department of Defense security
clearance.
Benefits
Medical, Dental and Vision
Life and A&D coverage
EAP
401(k) Plan with company matching contributions
Paid Time Off (PTO) and 10 paid Holidays
Educational assistance
SOLUTE Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please see our website for
more details on this topic at
Show moreShow less
