Job Description
Role: Junior Business Analyst

Job Summary

One of our highly respected client is currently seeking a highly motivated and qualified Business Analyst to join a dynamic team responsible for ensuring the quality of important and highly visible projects. Helps implement customer-centric solutions (web, mobile and call center applications) in a cost-effective way by learning and comprehending business process, eliciting and documenting requirements, and communicating clearly to business and technology. This role requires a level of energy and assertiveness to drive work with multiple groups in a complex, busy environment. The successful candidate will possess experience with full life-cycle application development along with exposure to evaluating, coordinating and creating deliverables; meeting with customers and resolving issues. The role works across functional boundaries to connect-the-dots between IT department products and services.

Responsibilities:
Support the design and development of both custom and core product features.
Understand the business need & gather requirements from clients.
Analyze requirements and prepare different use cases and user stories.
Develop one or more solution alternatives
Review of solution(s) with stakeholders.
Prepare Requirement & Solution Document
Explain requirements to technical team
Assist in UAT.
Travel to work at client sites.
Skills Required:
This person should have technical experience / Knowledge in API Mapping and Design.
Knowledge/experience with Confluence, JIRA, technical writing, diagramming, SQL, and XML.
Strong communication skills, must be able to communicate with technical and non-technical parties.
Ability to work independently as well as collaborate with others.
Strong project and time management skills.
Ability to analyze current systems/requirements and develop strategies for systems development.
Can assist in defining projects, effort and staff requirements.
Technical Skills:
Experience using Axure Pro/ MS Visio/ Pencil to prepare Wireframes.
Experience in preparing basic flow diagrams, swim-lane diagrams.
Basic Requirement:
Experience in preparing basic flow diagrams, swim-lane diagrams
Powered by JazzHR

xcmiMi4RWc
