Job Description Summary
The role is in BRM organization as Supply Chain Planning Business Analyst. This position requires strong hands-on SAP SCM System knowledge in modules such as SCM SNP, CTM, , SCM BI and GATP. Integration knowledge with other SAP and non SAP transactional systems is must. In this role it is also required to work as subject matter experts with business and regions users and help in defining requirements as well as generally identify and recommend solutions supporting Supply Chain applications.
Job Description


Primary Responsibility:
The incumbent will be responsible to help identify supply chain planning requirements and features in the context of existing technology landscape and prioritize the deployment of feature sets and partner with the users both in regions and central businesses
Execute against the product roadmap closely aligned with the requirements of the customers. Advances Supply Chain Planning demand and project implementation work plan to include, working with delivery team and participate in change management/communications plan for key stakeholders.
As a SCM planning business analyst has responsibility for translating business requirements to SCM functionality as well as interfaces to transactional system such as ECC, LOTS ASCP and other bespoke solutions.
7-10 years of strong hands on experience in SAP DP, SNP, CTM, Configuration, Master Data and transaction processing in SCM.
Should have strong understanding of GATP functionality using SCM and its interfaces to Sales processing, delivery and production including underlying configuration in other transactional systems
Strong hands on experiece in SAP BI technology such as Data source creation, transformation rules, Info source and data transfer between multiple BI systems.
Must have hands on configuration experience coupled w/ technical knowledge in the process areas of Supply Chain Planning in manufacturing environment especially in validated environment. Medical device manufacturing knowledge is a plus.
Must have undergone/implemented at-least 3 full-life cycles of SAP APO/SCM or later versions such as IBP
Should have thorough knowledge of CIF integration, handling issues and batch job management.
Participate in a cross-functional, team environment applying knowledge of MM, PP and SD and its integration with Inventory Management, Warehouse Management and Sales & Distribution functionality, supporting the established global design.
Provide production, project, and program support in Enterprise Master Data Management, Data Conversion, Data Governance any knowledge of SAP MDG or other complementary technology is plus.
Experience with optimizer and exposure to S4 HANA and IBP is desirable in this role
Working knowledge of HP ALM and Service Now familiarity is desirable and/or other ITIL tools.
Ability to work in both waterfall as well as Agile IT delivery methods are highly desirable.
Required IT and other business Competencies:

SDLC methodology; Business Acumen; Conflict Management; Listening; Perseverance; Process Management; Project Management; Time Management; Written Communications; Verbal Communication & Presentation Skills; Remote Training Skills; Incident & Change Management Skills; Ability to perform remote training using tools as Microsoft Teams and Power BI and working virtually in global environment. Strong Med tech system validation requirements is a plus. Also ability to work in virtual global teams is required to be successful in this role with matrix operating environment with a proclivity towards operating with ambiguity.

Required Eduction:
Bachelors Degree
Primary Work Location
USA NJ - Franklin Lakes
Additional Locations
USA CA - San Diego (BDB)
Work Shift
US BD 1st Shift 8am-530pm (United States of America)
