Business System Analyst

Category: IT/Technical

Description:

We have an outstanding Contract position for aBusiness System Analyst to join a leading Company located in theSan Diego, CAsurrounding area.**U.S. Citizenship Required.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

+ The individual will participate in supporting the business in the following value stream tracks:

+ Human Resources

+ Lead meetings and discussions on new project initiatives throughout all of the phases of typical ITS projects with some or little supervision:

+ Facilitates process-oriented meetings.

+ Understands and identifies areas for process improvement through functional and technical solutions.

+ Distinguishes between a reasonable business requirements vs. a solution requirements.

+ Documents the process flow in a swim lane format.

+ Provides solution architect skills.

+ Writes functional specifications for complex development objects (Forms, Reports, Interfaces, Conversion, Enhancements, and Workflow)

+ Configures various vendor solutions both on premise and cloud applications.

+ Engages customers for user acceptance testing.

+ Identifies, tracks, and resolves issues from all phases of the project.

+ Communicates project statuses both positive and negative in a concise and meaningful manner.

+ Works closely with the SAP and Non-SAP technical developers, SuccessFactors, DBA, application administrators, infrastructure teams, security, and other functional analysts for cross-functional delivery of complex solutions.

+ Follows established change control procedures for migration to QA and Production.

+ Provides direction, guidance, and training to the team on Recruiting and Onboarding processes and the SuccessFactors application.

+ Must demonstrate a thorough understanding of Software lifecycle principles.

+ Must demonstrate strong business analyst and solution architect skills and project execution.

+ AssetSmart application experience is not required but preferred.

+ Proven track record as a Business Analyst or as a functional consultant with multiple implementation projects as well as support experience at medium to large size companies.

+ Must possess the ability to follow best practicaes regarding documentation and unit testing.

+ Must be able to manage several projects, tickets, and other deliverables in a fast-paced environment and multi-task without sacrificing quality of work.

+ Demonstrate leadership skills including planning, scheduling, and coordinating work assignments to meet project milestones or established completion dates.

+ Must possess the ability to contribute to the development of new processes, as well as effectively identify, analyze and resolve highly complex business process and technical issues.

+ Must be customer focused, demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills to accurately document, report, and present findings, and possess excellent interpersonal skills to interface with all levels of employees.

+ Must be a team player with demonstrated professional/social interpersonal relationship management skills.

+ Must be able to maintain the strict confidentiality of sensitive information.

+ Must be able to work extended hours and travel between Company facilities as required.

+ Must have leadership skills including planning, scheduling, and coordinating work assignments to meet project milestones or established completion dates.

+ Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly and apply them in an evolving environment while contributing to the development of new processes.

Job Requirements:

+ Typically requires a bachelors degree in information technology or a related discipline and fifteen or more years of progressive professional experience in business systems analysis. May substitute equivalent working experience in the field in lieu of education.

+ Expert in Recruiting and Onboarding processes

+ SAP Certified in the SuccessFactors Recruiting (RCM/RMK) and Onboarding (ONB) modules

+ Multiple project implementations in SuccessFactors Recruiting is preferred

+ Knowledge of SAP HCM and/or BrassRing is desired but not required.

+ Must be a U.S. citizen.

+ Able to work extended hours as required.

Company Description:

TAD PGS, INC. specializes in delivering secure, reliable and rapidly implemented workforce solutions to the U.S. Federal marketplace, including U.S. Government agencies and their prime contractors. With more than 50 years of experience, TAD PGS, INC. has earned a reputation for accountability, a value that government agencies and prime contractors both demand and deserve.TAD PGS, INC. sources professionals for the full spectrum of federal positions, from administrative to management, and those contracts requiring extremely niche-oriented technical skills and the highest levels of security clearance.VEVRAA Federal Contractor / Request Priority Protected Veteran Referrals / EOE Protected Veterans/Disability

Location: San Diego , CA

Minimum Experience (yrs): 15+

Required Education: Bachelors Degree
