General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the worlds leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies.

General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems (GA-EMS) designs and manufactures first-of-a-kind electromagnetic and electric power generation systems. GA-EMS expanding portfolio of specialized products and integrated system solutions support critical fleet, space systems and satellites, missile defense, power and energy, and process and monitoring applications for defense, industrial, and commercial customers worldwide.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Program Control Analyst to join our Electromagnetic Systems group located in Rancho Bernardo, CA.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with Project Managers, Control Account Management team (CAMs) and senior technical personnel to ensure uniform application of Earned Value Management procedures.
Assist management in program setup and control; establish and maintain cost/schedule baseline and enforce strict change control.
Assist in the development of Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) and related dictionaries.
Provide program planning support, including scheduling, budgeting, performance monitoring, variance analysis, status reporting, data validation, and resource planning.
May interface directly with DCMA auditors / standard surveillance.
Maintain Earned Value requirements, including monthly CDRL reporting, Audit preparation and ad-hoc request to support customer requirements.
Assist in preparation of Contract Performance Reports (CPRs) format 1-5 or Integrated Program Management Report (IPMR) format 1-7 Estimates At Completion (EACs), and related variance analysis reports for customers and program management.
Track subcontractor status and material receipts, open commitments, and termination liability.
May assist in development of new business proposals.
Monitor and assure budget availability, proper approval authorization and charge accounts.
Provide task leaders and program managers with clear, timely and accurate information and make recommendations with which to make decisions.
Utilizes knowledge of MS Excel programming.
Conducts SQL/Access queries and codes VBA/HTML.
Assist in the development of Program Control procedures and desktop guides.
Utilizes experience with databases for dashboarding and metrics reporting.
Develop standard and ad hoc reports; identify issues, exceptions, and variances; develop solutions to moderately complex issues; follow GA-EMS processes and procedures to support business and regulatory agency requirements.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.
