Description

SAIC is seeking Computer Systems Analyst in San Diego!

This is a performance-based service acquisition for Navy’s cyber situational awareness platform: Navy Cyber Situational Awareness (NCSA); and vulnerability report and asset management application: Vulnerability Remediation Asset Manager (VRAM). This effort provides support for system engineering, product development, research, testing, hardware and software integration, software development, deployment of material and non-material solutions.

Computer Systems Analyst will do the following:

Improve cyber analytics to incorporate mission and functional logic; advanced graph theory; semantic technologies; mission mapping; dependency mapping; correlation of events to provide rapid and superior capability to the warfighter; cyber visualization to enhance cyber environment perception; situational comprehension; and future status projection using innovative approaches to enable humans to focus on high level functions.

Enhance cyber collection to improve the ingestion of large heterogeneous cyber data sources in near real- time at extremely fast processing speeds using high performance data storage and retrieval systems while leveraging pioneering digital curation technologies to identify, characterize, specify, ingest and maintain cyber data for present and future use. From 150+ data sources, essential information will be identified and selected for ingestion, analysis and visualization. An Overarching Integrated Product Team will facilitate the selection and prioritization of these data feeds.

Use Agile Development Operations (DevOps) to conduct research and development; analyze and recommend system engineering improvements for enhanced cyber hardware and software concepts; allow for cyber fusion and advanced analytical capability; assure cyber operators faster discovery and improved predictive capability on existing cyber hardware and software; develop integrated system solutions; and provide improved cyber monitoring, assessment, planning and response capabilities.

Provide systems engineering; cyber security engineering; systems admin support; testing; and certification and accreditation expertise to develop and maintain all variants of prototype; testing and deployed systems. This shall include the development and maintenance of programmatic, systems engineering and cyber security documentation.

Qualifications

MUST HAVE:
Cybersecurity Workforce (CSWF) IAT Level II
Strong knowledge of scripting, programming or application programming interface
Skills to develop extensibility to support diverse analytics for multiple use cases
Knowledge of military and commercial data transports
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelors and five (5) years or more experience; Masters and three (3) years or more experience; PhD and 0 years related experience
