SR Business Operations Analyst

Apply Now

Requisition # 10035786-WD

Job Type Day

Location San Diego, CALIFORNIA


Date Posted 06/08/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description
Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we’re 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. It’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We’re a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.
Job Summary:

Reporting to Consumer Lending Business Technology leader, this role is responsible for providing operational and project support for various Business Technology initiatives. Key responsibility includes providing department project Sourcing needs, including working with Third Party vendors and MUFG Sourcing partners to complete contract negotiations through contract execution. In some cases, may support Third Party Management Vendor approval for new vendors. In addition, the role will provide strategic planning support, project financial management support, and department procedure maintenance.

Additionally, role may periodically lead and manage internal project efforts to support origination and servicing business initiatives.

Additional Information:

Requires 5 + years of report development, data reconciliation and validation experience

Strong MS Office skills including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Strong planning and organizational skills

Individual must possess excellent interpersonal relations and demonstrated ability to work well with others effectively in teams.

Individual must be a strong communicator, have excellent written, presentation, oral communications and interpersonal skills.

Proven organizational skills; ability to prioritize; demonstrated efficiency in organization and follow up.

Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree and 5+ years’ experience preferably in residential lending or financial services.
Qualifications


Major Responsibilities:
Support department contract needs with Sourcing including contract funding and execution processes
Maintain department procedures
Support TPRM needs when onboarding new vendors
Work with multiple internal partners to drive contract and project objectives, including sales, fulfillment, legal, compliance, and risk partners.
Provide supplemental project management support including potentially serving as project lead and/or workstream lead
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Operations
Primary Location San Diego, California


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
