You will serve as a Management Analyst with NAVFAC SOUTHWEST.

Responsibilities

You will review standard operating procedures for individual Public Works
Departments.
You will manage, track, and report work order data.
You will perform business analysis of service call information to assist Public
Works Business Line engineers in plotting seasonal variations in workload and
call volume.
You will use system knowledge to assist in framing research to achieve desired
outcomes.

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

Qualifications

Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or
equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or
equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience
must demonstrate the following: 1) Receiving and processing customer service
requests for maintenance and repair of physical facilities; 2) Using automated
data base systems and tracking systems to accurately induct, review service
requests, and run queries for data analysis; and 3) Preparing of Standard
Operating Procedures. Additional qualification information can be found from
the following Office of Personnel Management web site:
oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-
standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series Experience refers to paid and unpaid
experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs
(e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student,
social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and
skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates
directly to paid employment.
Education
Additional Information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement
Program. This position is part of the Regional Call Center and will be required
to work different shifts on
a rotating basis, including overnights, weekends and holidays. Additional
vacancies may be filled by this announcement. A tentative offer of employment
will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment
requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.
If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate
Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment
Information Center. Federal annuitant information: The selection of an
annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy
policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at:
Military
Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full
Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and
selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge,
skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the
competitive referral criteria for the specific position.
