JOB ANNOUNCEMENT

Position Title: Business Analyst
Department: Administration
Supervised By: Chief Operations Officer (COO)
Location: Alpine
Status: Non Exempt, Hourly
Posted: March 6, 2020

Closing Date: Until Filled
Compensation: $20-$31.27/ HR
Grant: Grant Funded
Clinic Hours: Monday-Friday, 8:00AM-4:30PM

GENERAL STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES:

The Analyst will be responsible for infrastructure analysis of current Southern Indian Health Council, Inc. (SIHC) business practices, functional requirements, implementation needs, programs, services, functions, and activities (PSFAs). In collaboration with SIHC Leadership, develops, maintains, and provides alternate options to expand current PSFAs with evaluation/data supported reports to show future sustainability. This includes the design, improvement, and correction of management systems that address potential weaknesses identified through quality control measures, internal control reviews and updating/creating new policies. Management structures include, but not limited to financial management systems, including systems for accounting, personnel, third-party billing, medical records, management information systems, etc.

SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Demonstrates understanding with current SIHC infrastructure processes to effectively fulfill the statement of responsibilities.
Uses professional concepts in accordance with company objectives to solve potentially multifaceted problems in creative and effective ways.
Under the supervision of the COO, initiates, identifies and coordinates the analysis of complex needs in project areas such as: new/existing business operating models, innovative approaches to solutions support, and operational requirements.
Identifies opportunities for increasing business efficiency through improved manual and automated process systems.
Coordinates the development of comprehensive proposed projects that are used at management and executive levels for funding and scope decisions.
Plans, coordinates, and conducts the analysis of functional infrastructure requirements and prepares appropriate documentation to communicate and validate the information.
Develops cross-initiative integration plans.
Identifies other initiatives that exist and ensures that efforts are not duplicated.
Consults on the integration of application systems into the work environment, regarding their operational and training implications.
Lead liaison between Department Heads and/or with development staff throughout the development life cycle of new/changing PSFAs.
May develop project plans.
Identifies and coordinates with departments to implement schedule deadlines as appropriate.
Asses and validate projects to determine if a successful solution has been reached.
Working knowledge of Agency policies and procedures, HIPAA, Department of Mental Health, Department of Social Services, and other state, federal regulations.
Understanding of the Award Terms and Conditions.
Ability to work a flexible schedule may be required based on need.
Other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:

Education/Experience: Education, training, and/or experience which clearly demonstrates possession of the knowledge and skill stated above. Bachelor's degree in business/health care administration or related discipline OR coursework in business/healthcare administration with two (2) years of experience in a directly related field.

Facilitate, negotiate and resolve issues professionally; work collaboratively in a team approach; effectively communicate with confidence and knowledge to staff and clients.

Applicant must be able to adapt to changing situations and circumstances and handle pressure with dignity, in all circumstances maintaining confidentiality. Possess an ability to act professionally at all times in the workplace and the community. Possess excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills. Demonstrate sound judgement, critical thinking, evaluation and problem solving skills.

Licenses/Certifications: A valid California drivers license required with application submission and must be maintained throughout employment. Current certifications and/or licenses appropriate to the positions required education and profession.

Character: Applicants must have a reputation for honesty and trustworthiness. Must be responsible and able to exercise good judgment, accept administrative supervision, pay attention to detail, follow instructions, including the ability to interact effectively and communicate with people in a professional and courteous manner. Must be highly confidential and respect confidentiality to all limits of the governing laws and ethics. Applicant must be able to work as a team with other staff. Applicant should be sensitive to clients needs and knowledgeable about the local Indian community.

Other: Applicant must adhere to professional standards, federal, state, and local requirements; maintain required insurance and certifications, comply with legal requirements; and, code of ethics.

Applicants must successfully pass a pre-employment tuberculin skin test or x-ray, and blood/urine drug-screening test. Health must be adequate to perform all duties of the position. Applicants must complete an SIHC application questionnaire and submit it to Human Resources prior to the close dates indicated. The position is primarily responsible to the Alpine clinic though local travel may be required.

INDIAN PREFERENCE: In the filling of any SIHC job vacancy, preference may be given to qualified Native American Indians, pursuant to the Indian Preference Hiring Act, 25 USC 472, unless other laws require the filling of a vacancy without regard to Indian preference (e.g. Public Law (P.L.) 94-437, Indian Health Care Improvement Act (IHCIA). To receive Indian preference for any SIHC position, the applicant must be enrolled, or be eligible for enrollment, as an American Indian with their Tribe, or must be certified as an American Indian from the designated Tribal Representative. Applicants claiming Indian preference must attach verification of their claim to the SIHC application, including Certification of form BIA-4432, which is available from the SIHC Human Resources Department. If verification is not or cannot be verified, the applicant will not receive Indian preference for purposes of the interview.
