Job Description
Description

Responsible to provide support to end users of Salesforce at the Rock Church. This position requires very good functional business and systems analysis along with several years of experience administering a Salesforce implementation and development. Experience as an Salesforce administrator and/or developer with good knowledge on Salesforce architecture that clearly understands the best practices to be followed in Salesforce configuration and development. Strong project management experience to lead small to medium sized projects involving Salesforceare needed in order to have a good understanding of Salesforce implementation and customizations.

Theanalyst will consult with business management to assess, analyze, recommend, and implement business improvements and initiatives using Salesforce in order to :
Use simple techniques to define as-is and to-be process and data flows and solutions, to Business users and other IT team members.
Coordinate and lead small and medium sized IT projects & application enhancements, involving multiple departments and geographic regionsthroughout the software development life cycle.
The individual should define requirements gathering and analysis, solution design, testing, implementation and support.
Ensure business requirements are clearly defined, verifiable and scalable.
Create reports or templates based on the enterprise reporting needs.
Education and experience
Bachelor's Preferred
Salesforce Certified Advanced Administrator certification required
Salesforce Certified Platform App Builder
Salesforce Certified Sale Cloud Consultant or Salesforce Certified Service Cloud Consultant certification strongly preferred.
Organizational and Spiritual Requirements
Demonstrate Christ-centered behavior at all times by treating people with dignity, respect, compassion and integrity.
Utilize the principles of Matthew 18 and Ephesians 4:15 to resolve differences of opinion with others.
Successful completion of a thorough pre-employment references and background checks, which include: social security verification, Local, State &
Federal criminal conviction records search, national security database, and sex offender registry.
Attendance at all mandatory meetings and events. This includes serving at Good Friday, Easter and Christmas services as well as the annual volunteer appreciation event.
Member of the Rock Church (Compete Rock Church LIFE class).
Regular involvement in Rock Church activities, ministries and events.
Tithe 10% to the Rock Church.
Signed acknowledgment of the Rock's Statement of Faith.
Ability to interpret and adhere to the Rock's policies, procedures and employee handbook.
Be self-motivated and goal oriented, use good judgment, and be flexible and innovative.
Professional attitude and demeanor.
Physical Requirements

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions. Must be able to work independently, communicate effectively, and lift up to 50lbs (with or without assistance). This position also may require long periods of sitting, standing, walking, and hand/eye coordination for keyboard data entry and viewing data on a computer monitor. External and internal applicants, as well as position incumbents who are or become disabled, as defined under the American with Disabilities Act, must be able to perform the Essential Job Functions either unaided or with assistance of a "reasonable accommodation", if such is determined, on a case-by-case basis.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
