General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.

We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Project Control Analyst to work within our Aeronautical Systems Program Planning & Controls group in Poway, Ca. With minimal supervision, this position implements, develops, statuses and maintains proposal and contract schedules this includes, originating network structures, statusing the plan, resource loading, advanced resource and network logic balancing, Monte Carlo simulations, and integration into earned value plans on projects/programs of varying contract type, size, complexity, and level of risk.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Ensures major Projects and Programs Integrated Master Schedules (IMS) and plans are horizontally and vertically integrated across company functional groups including finance, engineering, material, manufacturing, and quality.
Participates in preparation, review, production, sign-off and tracking of contract deliverables.
Utilizes Gantt, PERT, milestone charts, earned value management and other project management techniques to gauge progress and identify performance variances to facilitate focus and intervention on critical areas.
Engages with the Program Team to perform thorough project analysis showing knowledge and understanding of the program and the principles of EVMS, and suggests/creates/implements work around to enhance cost and schedule performance.
Performs risk analyses, and identify and resolve critical path and network logic conflicts.
Establishes and maintains cost/schedule baseline, develops Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) and performs Estimates At Completion.
Implements Earned Value Methodologies, performs related variance analysis and works with Project Managers and Senior Technical personnel to ensure uniform application of company procedures.
Develops and implements reporting procedures to evaluate project status, valuation of work in progress, and tracking of contract deliverables.
May participate in new business proposals as required to develop schedule, manpower, and cost estimates.
Prepares cost/schedule, variance and earned value reports/analysis.
Performs other duties as assigned or required
#LI-KP1
