UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment: Apply by 03/13/2020 for consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should contact their Employment Advisor.

Special Selection Applicants: Apply by 03/25/2020. Eligible Special Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for assistance.

This position has recently been accreted by UPTE TX union, and will be a part of that Union moving forward.

This position will remain open until filled.

DESCRIPTION


Provides day-to-day advanced consultation, training, instruction and troubleshooting/problem-solving to technical staff and end users for hardware, software, network and related computer systems, handheld and peripheral devices and ensures their operation for individuals and groups of computer users. Analyzes, recommends, installs, configures and evaluates systems and tools for internal and end user use. Develops and conducts tests of hardware and software and reports on configurations and behavior. Develops and provides technical documentation and training. Assesses needs and recommends hardware and software acquisitions and upgrades.

Professional who applies acquired job skills, policies, and procedures to complete substantive assignments/projects/tasks of moderate scope and complexity; exercises judgment within defined guidelines and practices to determine appropriate action. Applies professional business/ technical support concepts to resolve hardware, software and networking issues of moderate scope and complexity for a broad range of applications where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Within defined procedures and practices, determines appropriate action. Provides escalated, broad technical support. Plans and implements hardware and software upgrades.

Troubleshoots, resolves or appropriately triages moderately complex network connectivity issues. May provide server administration support to clients. Consults with users to assess and implement file structure needs and perform data migration. Performs backup server administration. Creates and oversees creation of complex technical documentation. Develops and/or provides training as needed based on consultation with users and understanding of technology including one-on-one and small group training, FAQs, knowledge-based entries organizational-wide and job aids to assist users electronically.

Provides internal technical support to more junior staff members. Assist junior staff in resolving customer problems. Tests hardware, software and configurations and analyzes/summarizes reports of results, drawing conclusions and making recommendations. Supports enterprise/organizational-wide systems and analyzes system dependencies to resolve computing problems. Provides systems analysis support to clients. Analyzes and determines computing needs and makes recommendations on appropriate tools (hardware, software, peripherals). Tests systems and updates internal documentation. May provide input to system redesign or development efforts based on user needs.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
A Bachelor's Degree in related area; and/or equivalent experience/training.
Professional experience, and proven success, providing information systems support and management in a large scale organization.
Experience conducting escalated, broad technical support including hardware and software tests, analyzing test results and producing reports of conclusions and recommendations.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience in a healthcare environment.
CompTIA Network+ Certification.
Apple Certified Macintosh Technician (ACMT).
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
Must be able to work various hours and locations based on business needs.
Employment is subject to a criminal background check and pre-employment physical.
