Summary Description
As the IT Business Analyst, you will be responsible for supporting General & Administrative (G&A) departments and leading initiatives that improve the effectiveness and efficiency of G&A business processes.

Key Responsibilities
Partner with the business users within G&A departments and become a go-to person for improving existing business processes and evaluate business needs for implementing new processes.
Lead initiatives to improve G&A area's business process effectiveness and efficiency, contributing to IT's roadmap.
Strong working knowledge of change management, delivering projects in a SOX regulated environment.
Support existing and design new integrations as required between various G&A applications to streamline business processes.
Author knowledge articles, SOPs and training materials to equip G&A business partners with the information they need to fully leverage the solutions IT provides.
Remain current on industry trends and vendor roadmaps and use that information to influence the future of IT organization's services.
Work with cross functional teams, coordinating system and business requirements involving system integrators for key design decisions and enhancements.
Evaluate alternative systems solutions and recommend solutions that best address business needs.
Recognizes, identifies and documents potential areas where existing business processes require change, or where new processes need to be developed, and makes recommendations in these areas.
Experience & Education
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 5 to 7 years' experience as an IT Business Analyst, in a SOX regulated work environment.
Strong functional knowledge of the business processes within Finance, Procurement and Human Resources.
Ability to prioritize assignments ensuring on-time completion of tasks & projects while continually improve operational effectiveness through the use of KPIs, SLAs, and other metrics.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills.
Functional knowledge of Coupa, Netsuite, Paylocity (or similar Procurement, ERP and HRIS applications) is strongly preferred.
Proven ability to work independently, with minimal supervision.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Well-developed business partnering & collaboration skills, adept at establishing & sustaining effective working relationships, both within & between departments.
Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills, with the ability to interact with business users, technical experts.
Gossamer Bio is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants and complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.
