Careers > Jobs List > Job Detail


SOFRRAS Senior Business Systems Analyst
Job Code - JC1341 Job Location - Coronado,US
Division - Information Technology Security Clearance - Secret
Skills -

Founded in
1989, CALNET, Inc. is a privately held company in the Technology,
Intelligence Analysis, and Language Services consulting arena. Headquartered in
Reston, VA and with a branch office in San Diego, CALNET employees deliver true
value to our customers by employing best practices, world class technologies
industry expertise in every project. CALNET is an ISO 9001, ISO 20000, and CMMI-Level
III certified.

We are currently searching for a talented,
“SOFRRAS Senior Business Systems
Analyst” to support the Naval Special Warfare Command (NSWC) in Coronado,
CA. This NSWC program provides The NSW Command Information Officer (CIO/NSWC
N6) requires business systems project management, systems architecture, and
Development Operations (DevSecOps) support to meet force-wide business systems
planning and engineering requirements. NSW C4I Business Systems are defined as
integrated information technology solutions used by NSW to perform various
automation, administration, and management functions across the enterprise.
These systems are used to capture and view data, automate processes, increase
productivity, report readiness, provide learning, measure performance, enhance
resilience, and perform other business functions. The Contractor
shall provide support for the engineering of agile enterprise business systems
and the relationship between business stakeholders and the engineering team.
The Contractor shall have 3 or more years of experience in modern web-based
business system engineering support including skills in program management,
agile software project management, strategic thinking, team building,
stakeholder engagement, problem solving, conflict resolution, negotiation,
requirements collection, technical documentation, system testing and operations,
and user support and training. The contractor shall have experience and
knowledge in relational database concepts and client-server concepts.

Qualifications:

·

Must
have a current Active SECRET security clearance.

·

Three (3) or more years of recent experience,
gained in the past five (5) years, in modern web-based business system
engineering analysis and agile software project management support.

·

Experience using Microsoft Team Foundation
Server (TFS) or Azure DevSecOps Server is not required but is highly desired.

·

Bachelor's or Master’s degree from a U.S.
accredited college.

·

Active Project Management Institute
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification prior to the start of work.
During performance, the Contractor shall maintain this certification.

·

Active Scrum Alliance ScrumMaster (SCM) or
Scrum.org Professional Scrum Master (PSM) certification prior to the start of
work. During performance, the Contractor shall maintain this certification.

·

Prior experience working in the NSW
community is highly desired, but not required.

Location: Coronado, CA.

To be considered for this opportunity,
please send a word copy of your resume to helena@calnet.com.

Applicant must be a U.S Citizen and have a Current Active SECRET
Security Clearance.

CALNET,
Inc. offers a competitive salary and a generous benefits
package. This package includes medical, dental, vision, life, short
and long term disability insurances, a 401(k)-retirement savings plan, and
generous leave time.

CALNET,
Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. EEO/M/F/D/V

www.CALNET.com
