Job Overview:

Job Function: Customer Engineering Operations team is seeking a self-motivated and responsible Project Analyst. This individual will work closely with Customer Engineering Team members and should be able to take guidance from senior team members and complete given tasks independently. We offer complete solutions that enable continuous innovation for today's smart connected devices. Our vast expertise in wireless technology, combined with our unique systems approach to developing solutions, puts us at the forefront of the rapidly expanding mobile industry. Responsibilities include: Collaborate with stakeholders (Legal, Finance, Engineering) to develop and manage routine operational processes for Client. Support Client engineering teams with new customer projects, develop processes to support it, enabling customers for better support, understand current customer support/charge models and devise process, tools to support same. Support Engineering Operations Manager with various initiative to streamline and expand QCs third-party enablement programs and engagements. Work with stakeholders (Legal, Finance, Engineering, IT) with guidance to develop functional Statement of Work/requirements for any new initiatives and tools requirements for Client Team. Help devise new tools/processes for NRE management across Mobile Client Business Unit. Engage with Finance/HR for NRE gap analysis and management. Participate in meetings/discussions on key topics with the customers and internal teams and provide regular updates on program updates to stakeholders. Creation and analysis of documentation and software with proper stakeholders in order to develop functional customer Product Kits - Delivery of sustainable results using statistical analysis tools and project management methods Use excel features such as Formulas (index, Match, Offset, Indirect), and Pivot tables to extract data from multiple sources. Basic knowledge of using data reporting/analysis tools as business user and able to apprehend information in logical suggestions/strategies. Knowledge of resource management tools, methodologies a plus.

Minimum Qualifications:

3+ years in the following areas required: Hardware or Software experience in mobile or wireless communication design Previous experience in supporting, implementing and automating processes, enhancing team operations and reducing challenges.

Preferred Qualifications:

-Knowledge of CDMA or UMTS or LTE terminal architecture and protocol

Education:

Preferred Bachelor's, Business Administration and/or Computer Engineering and/or Computer Networks & Systems and/or Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience Preferred: Master's, Business Administration and/or Computer Engineering and/or Electrical Engineering and/or Information Technology
