Develops computer systems specifications that address business requirements and that fit with the company's system architecture standards. Establishes and documents system parameters and formats, ensures hardware and software systems compatibility and coordinates and/or modifies system parameters in terms of existing and projected computer capacity and capabilities. Revises existing systems and procedures to correct deficiencies and maintain more effective data handling, conversion, input/output requirements, and storage.

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum security clearance of TOP SECRET; ability to obtain TS/SCI Clearance.

Cybersecurity Workforce (CSWF) IAT Level II.

Strong knowledge of scripting, programming or application programming interface.

Skills to develop extensibility to support diverse analytics for multiple use cases.

Knowledge of military and commercial data transports.

Experience in designing solution sets that operate in a low computational provide and in isolated environments.

Experience developing capabilities that quickly process and provide to end user critical data requests.
Bachelors Degree w9 years of experience. Experience may be considered in lieu of the degree.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in designing, developing, testing, implementing and maintaining large-scale data analytics techniques and technologies to include indexing techniques, information retrieval, data frameworks, machine learning, predictive analytics, data mining and statistical analysis.

Experience in a Splunk environment.

Experience in developing analytics supporting cyber security use cases that supports decision aids at the strategic, operational and tactical levels of maritime warfare.

Master's degree in the STEM field

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
