We are seeking a Senior Systems Analyst to work on an exciting Department of Defense contract to provide Systems Engineering; Technical Assistance (SETA) Support Services. This position will support the Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) in their work to transform, modernize, improve, and sustain current and future operational maritime tactical Command and Control needs into effective and affordable C2 capabilities for Navy, Marine Corps, Joint, and Coalition warfighters. The overarching goal is to integrate programs into single C2 capabilities, provide configuration and scalable solutions to various platforms, and align to the FORCEnet roadmap.

KEY ROLE: A successful candidate will support system development and sustainment and adequately address NWSCP requirements as applicable to new ship construction platforms by providing Engineering Studies and Analysis reports. Provide technical support and analyses for Analyses of Alternatives (AoAs). Support technical development PMW 150 programs in support of the program Integrated Master Schedule (IMS). Prepare and/or support Engineering Studies and Analysis reports. Support the preparation and/or review of the interoperability of operational, systems, technology, and applicable business practices in the evaluation and implementation of a systems development life-cycle; architectural assessments and governance. Assist in development and evaluation of a framework for corporate systems modernization. Assist with the development of the C4ISR Data Strategy which includes Information Operations (IO), Combat Systems, Tactical Communications, C2 and Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) domains. Support the update of program/project databases to support system engineering requirements including problem resolution. Support development of technical papers for initiating new research and development efforts aligned to POR requirements to include conducting analysis, reviewing technical submissions, alignment of effort to POR, and developing test procedures.

REQUIRED SKILLS:
Ten (10) years of experience in military systems analysis (including cost and schedule analysis), modeling and simulation.
Comprehensive understanding of Naval Warfare System Certification process and its application to C2P and Link 16.
Tactical Data Link planning and design experience.
Understanding of shipboard combat system configuration control board and combat system certification and weapon system safety processes.
Bachelor’s degree in either Engineering (Computer, Electrical, Mechanical, etc.), Physical Sciences, Computer Sciences, Information Systems, Operations Research, Mathematics, Physics from an accredited college or university or a bachelor's degree in a business area.
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
DESIRED:
Understanding of AEGIS and SSDS Combat system Baseline Development process and relationship of combat system baseline processes to C2P and Link 16 planning.
_

Titanium Cobra Solutions is an organization that has a long history of GETTING THE JOB DONE; on-time, on-budget, and within the highest standards of quality. Our staff has a passion to truly make a difference for our client community by tactfully challenging the status quo, while delivering effective solutions that create business value for our customers. Our solution-focused team is a collection of technical, project, and process-oriented professionals who collectively make the impossible, possible. If you are up to the challenge of an always evolving agile organization with ideals that value their personnel’s value – Come join our team.

EOE STATEMENT_

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Experience:
Naval Warfare System Certification process (NWSCP): 10 years (Required)
military systems analysis: 10 years (Required)
Tactical Data Link System design: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Secret Clearance (Required)
Application Question:
What are your salary expectations? Please specify (Year/Hour)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
8 hour shift
Company's website:
https://www.titaniumcobra.com/
