Job Description:
To perform the design, operation, and administration functions related to the development and analysis of various Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data pertaining to the County of San Diego, Office of Emergency Services.
The GIS analyst is responsible for the creation and analysis of spatial data layers in a large spatial relational database system. This includes, but is not limited to, the maintenance and complex analysis of digital spatial data to support decision-making.
The candidate must be proficient in
ArcGIS Pro v2.x and ArcGIS Desktop v10.x
ArcGIS Online / Portal for ArcGIS, REST Services, service-oriented-architecture
ArcGIS Enterprise Version 10.x (familiarity)
Adobe Experience Manager (updating the OES website maps)
Essential Functions:
Conducts analysis with GIS software and specified programming language(s).
Provides production quality maps, data, and services for customers and presentations.
Assists in the construction of scientific/statistical experiments and analytical computer models to support decision-making.
Assists in the preparation of reports detailing the results of these experiments or model outputs.
Required Skills:
Principles and practices of system administration using GIS applications and spatial databases Principles of hardware and software installation, testing, and operation for GIS applications
Research methods and techniques related to collecting, analyzing, and scientifically evaluating spatial related data
Principles of computer programming logic, math, and computer science concepts related to GIS
Methods and techniques used for interpreting maps of various media such as hard and soft copy maps, graphics, aerial photos, and multi-spectral satellite imagery, and the process for converting them to GIS usable formats
Operate and maintain computer equipment: terminals, printers, plotters, and other peripheral equipment or workstations
Convert data from a variety of formats into GIS usable formats
Analyze a variety of geographic and mapping data and develop logical conclusions and solutions
Communicate effectively orally and in writing
Assess the customer's immediate needs and ensure customer's receipt of needed services through personal service or making appropriate referral
Exercise appropriate judgment in answering questions and releasing information; analyze and project consequences of decisions and/or recommendations
Communicate effectively with a variety of individuals representing diverse cultures and backgrounds and function calmly in challenging situations, which require a high degree of sensitivity, tact and diplomacy
Recruiter Name: Sravan

Phone Number: 281-968-2012

For more open requirements, please visit http://www.compqsoft.com/current-openings.html

About Us:

CompQsoft Inc. Established in 1997, headquarters in Houston, TX and office in Leesburg, VA. CompQsoft offers a range of comprehensive Cyber Security, Infrastructure, Cloud solutions, ERP implementation, Business Intelligence, Application development, Ecommerce applications and Management consulting services. CompQsoft is Certified CMMI Level 3 practitioner for Development and Services, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013 & ISO 20000-1:2011 Certified. CompQsoft is a fast growing company with a strategy and methodology that is strongly focused on the success of our clients, predominantly the Federal government.

CompQsoft is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. M/F/D/V

Visit www.compqsoft.com to learn more about our culture, benefits.
