Location: Virginia Beach, VA; Fort Bragg, NC; Coronado, CA; and Stuttgart, Client Clearance Required:Active Secret Travel:N/A

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Designs, implements, and maintains complex databases with respect to JCL, access methods, access time, device allocation, validation checks, organization, protection and security, documentation, and statistical methods
Maintains database dictionaries, monitors standards and procedures, and integrates systems through database design
Employs SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for the integration and delivery of information
YOUR EXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE
5+ years of relevant experience
Expertise with Enterprise Data Warehouses (EDW), data lakes, data marts, Operational Data Stores (ODS), Extract Transform Load (ETL) solutions, XML, indexes, T-SQL and data manipulation scripts, stored procedures, views, functions, reports, and forms
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
BA/BS degree in Computer Science
Active Secret or higher clearance (required)

ABOUT POWERTEK

We challenge you to come make your mark. Influence change. Work on vital missions. Advance your career.

Powertek Corporation is a high-energy IT company that encourages its employees to help shape its culture with imagination and ingenuity. Learn more at www.PowertekCorporation.com.

DISTINGUISHING BENEFITS

Matching 401k vested from day one of plan entry

Choice of Health Insurance Plans and an employee assistance program.

Company sponsored technical and management certifications.

PowertekU online education with 4400+ technical and business courses.

Educational tuition reimbursement.

Robust Awards & Recognition Program + perks, discounts, generous referral program.

TO ALL APPLICANTS

Thank you for your interest and effort in applying for this position.

Powertek provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.
