You will serve as a FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT ANALYST in the DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.

THIS IS AN EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY (EHA) ANNOUNCEMENT. The Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) FY 2009 provides that the Secretary of Defense can designate acquisition positions as shortage positions and recruit and appoint highly qualified persons to these positions.Applicants may substitute education for experience in the following situations:

FOR THE GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a four year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree.FOR THE GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed one full year of graduate level education OR you have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement.

FOR THE GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a master's or equivalent graduate degree OR have successfully completed two full years of progressively higher graduate level education leading to a master's degree OR have obtained an LL.B. or J.D. that is related to the position being filled.

FOR THE GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have successfully completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR you have successfully completed three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. or equivalent degree OR have obtained an LL.B. or J.D. that is related to the position being filled.

NOTE: Education and experience may be combined for all grade levels for which both education and experience are acceptable.

Applications will be accepted from students who expect to complete qualifying education within 9 months from the date of application. If you expect to complete your education within 9 months, please respond to the questionnaire items as if you had already completed your education. We are required to verify that the education has been completed successfully before any applicant can be appointed (report to work).FOR THE GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must at least three years of general experience that includes one year of experience equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-04) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector demonstrating the following: 1) Assisting others by gathering information on regulations, policies, and operating instructions applicable to financial management operations; 2) Helping others gather data for budget estimates; and 3) Utilizing a variety of office automation software to assist others with financial management initiatives.

FOR THE GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-05 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) Applying regulations, policies, and operating instructions applicable to financial management operations; 2) Compiling data for budget estimates; and 3) Utilizing a variety of office automation software (i.e., word processing, presentation, spreadsheet, graphics, and databases) to support financial management initiatives.

FOR THE GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-07 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) Applying regulations, policies, and operating instructions applicable to financial management systems operations; 2) Identifying, analyzing and resolving a range of budgetary problems such as development of alternative methods of funding; and 3) Utilizing a variety of office automation software (word processing, presentation, spreadsheet, graphics, databases) to support financial management initiatives.

FOR THE GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) Resolving financial discrepancies and recommending solutions to personnel; 2) Utilizing financial systems to verify and reconcile fiscal business; and 3) Interpreting financial regulations to communicate information to personnel.

For the GS-12 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following:1) Drafting and formulating budgets, task plans, and budget execution plans; 2) Analyzing work throughout the budget cycle; and 3) Ensuring organizational financial practices are in compliance with financial management rules and regulations.

FOR THE GS-13 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) Resolving financial management issues by determining alternate solutions to problems; 2) Interpreting budgetary guidance in order to communicate information to personnel; 3) Providing guidance to personnel on financial policies and procedures; and 4) Implementing financial policies and procedures in accordance with the organization's plans and requirements.

FOR THE GS-14 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) Researching, analyzing, and applying accounting, budgeting, and financial policies, regulations and guidelines in support of financial management objectives; 2) Analyzing, reviewing, and interpreting financial execution data and resolving variances; 3) Developing, preparing, and assembling charts, financial management reports, briefs, narratives, statistical material, monthly key success factors, instructions, and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs); 4) Coordinating and facilitating management internal control reviews and audits involving financial management; and 5) Examining, verifying, validating, and reconciling fiscal accounts in financial systems.

FOR THE GS-15 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-14 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: 1) Recommending alternatives and solutions to financial issues raised in audit reports and budget reviews; 2) Implementing financial policies and procedures; 3) Defending budget estimates before authorities; 4) Providing technical guidance on financial matters and budget programs to senior managers; and 5) Serving as a financial management policy and technical consultant on all matters concerning the planning and execution of fiscal laws and financial policies, processes, and procedures.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN

Individual Occupational Requirements link:https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0500/financial-administration-and-program-series-0501/
