Job Description
About us:

Staffigo is in the business of providing IT Consulting Services to clients in various industries in the United States - Healthcare (Payer, Providers & Clearinghouses), Finance & Banking, Retail & E-Commerce. As our customers are being challenged by further advances in technology, the evolution of regulation and an ever more demanding customer base to retain, Staffigo continues to innovate, disrupt and to address the challenges that shape the future of our industry. While our team focuses on providing quality, we stand firmly behind our values of Hard Work - Constantly and Consistently. We always remember to be grateful for the opportunities provided to us.

We are currently seeking exceptional entry level talent for the below role.

Job Description:
Performs analyses of the business goals, objectives and needs of the general business environment for appropriate FIS segment, division, group or line of business.
Performs research and analysis to support business operations and presents findings to manager or project leader.
Plans and designs business processes and make recommendations and changes in order to improve and support business systems and activities and/or to deliver greater effectiveness and efficiency.
Utilizes systems and data to resolve business issues in the most effective and productive manner.
Identifies and implements best practices and suggests how to improve current practices.
Calculates/estimates costs and benefits of alternative actions or solutions to establish their viability/return on investment.
Develops recommendations to solve problems and issues related to business operations.
Analyzes and documents business processes and metrics and identifies improvement opportunities.
May train internal employees on changes to business practices, processes or procedures.
May perform special projects upon request and on occasion.
May provide coaching and/or guidance to less experienced Business Analysts.
Other related duties assigned as needed.
Minimum Requirements:
Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field of study.
No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
Must be Open for Re-Location.
Powered by JazzHR

OmZNuQr6hD
