Potomac Management Solutions is looking for a Management Analyst II to provide services for a projected need at the DEA.

Travel: Contractor employees supporting this contract may be assigned to offices located at DEA headquarters in Arlington, Virginia (Crystal City); offices in the Washington, D.C. commuting area; or DEA field offices located throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. DEA has 39 domestic offices in 23 Divisions. Those Divisions are as follows: Atlanta, GA; Caribbean; Chicago, IL; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; El Paso, TX; Houston, TX; Los Angeles, CA; Louisville, KY; Miami, FL; New England; New Jersey; New Orleans, LA; New York, NY; Omaha, NE; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; San Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Seattle, WA; St. Louis, MO; and Washington, DC.

Schedule: Full Time

Functional Responsibilities: Gather and organize information about the problem to be solved or the procedure to be improved. Analyze financial and other data, develop solutions or alternative practices, recommend new systems, procedures or organizational changes, make recommendations to management through presentations or written reports and confer with managers to ensure that the changes are working. Review data and enter data to ensure all databases are kept up to date. Performs other duties as assigned.

Minimum Education: Associate’s degree or equivalent

General Experience: Must have 3-4 years of relevant experience. Position requires strong analytical, interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, and the ability to solve complex problems and work in a team environment.

If you do not find interest in this opportunity but know of someone who may, we kindly ask that you refer the individual to Potomac Management Solutions by forwarding this job posting.

Potomac Management Solutions, LLC (PMS) specializes in Human Resources/Staffing, Program Operations, Administration, Health Systems Management and Federal Law Enforcement Support. We understand the fundamental component of commercial services as well as state/federal contract management - transforming mission objectives into programs that efficiently support and deliver quality products & services.

In conformity with applicable laws, Potomac Management Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, or status as a disabled veteran, a Vietnam Era veteran, a veteran who has served on active duty for which a campaign badge was authorized, or a newly separated veteran.
