Job Description


Job #: 1075083

Filing Product Analyst Opportunity!!

Apex Systems is currently looking to hire a Filing Product Analyst for a large tech company. Please email an updated resume to eengelen@apexsystems.com if you are interested. Thank you!

JOB DETAILS
Location: San Diego, CA 92129
Shifts / Hours: Full time, standard business hours M-F

Rate: $20/hr (paid weekly)

Description for Filing Product Analyst:

Join the Strategic Partner Group where you will help create the tax software that tax preparers rely on to power the prosperity of their clients. As a Filing Product Analyst you’ll acquire and interpret government requirements that pertain to tax return filing, and help build the requirements into our software.

Job Responsibilities for Filing Product Analyst:
Tax return filing compliant product releases, based on performing tasks of moderate complexity, such as:
Analyzing filing requirements for print and electronic filing of tax returns.
Analyzing electronic filing business rules provided by government agencies.
Identifying dependencies on E2E (federal/state) filing scenarios.
Reviewing calculations and software functionality to ensure filing requirements are accurately reflected.
Creating and reviewing test case scenarios that reflects customer usage of our products.
Software programming in proprietary language, with training provided.
Skills Needed for Filing Product Analyst:
Demonstrated critical thinking, analytical and problem solving skills with attention to details.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Experience working within a software development team using agile development methodologies such as Scrum.
Experience working in a fast pace environment, and meet all deadlines with multiple competing priorities.
Required Qualifications for Filing Product Analyst:
Bachelor of Computer Science and/or Accounting with a focus on Taxation or equivalent experience.
Once again, if interested send updated copy of resume to eengelen@apexsystems.com and I'll give you a call to talk more. We can get you submitted for this role today!

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
