You will serve as a Management and Program Analyst in the DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.

THIS IS AN EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY ANNOUNCEMENT. The Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) FY 2009 provides that the Secretary of Defense can designate acquisition positions as shortage positions and recruit and appoint highly qualified persons to these positions.Applicants may substitute education for experience in the following situations:

GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a four year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree.

GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed one full year of graduate level education OR you have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement.

GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a master's or equivalent graduate degree OR have successfully completed two full years of progressively higher graduate level education leading to a master's degree OR you have obtained an LL.B. or J.D. that is related to the position being filled.

GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have successfully completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR you have successfully completed three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. or equivalent degree OR you have successfully completed an LL.M. degree that is related to the position being filled.

NOTE: Education and experience may be combined for all grade levels for which both education and experience are acceptable.

Applications will be accepted from students who expect to complete qualifying education within 9 months from the date of application. If you expect to complete your education within 9 months, please respond to the questionnaire items as if you had already completed your education. We are required to verify that the education has been completed successfully before any applicant can be appointed (report to work).Applicants must meet the following minimum qualifications:

GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least three years of general experience that includes one year of experience equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-04) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector analyzing problems to identify significant factors; gathering pertinent data; planning and organizing work; communicating with others orally and in writing.

GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-05 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector gathering data; conducting research; administering and tracking program requirements.

GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-07 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations.

GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for (1) analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations; AND (2) developing life cycle cost analyses of projects or performing cost benefit or economic evaluations of current or projected programs.

GS-12 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for (1) analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations; (2) developing life cycle cost analyses of projects or performing cost benefit or economic evaluations of current or projected programs; AND (3) advising on the potential benefits/uses of automation to improve the efficiency of administrative support or program operations.

GS-13 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for (1) analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations; (2) developing life cycle cost analyses of projects or performing cost benefit or economic evaluations of current or projected programs; (3) advising on the potential benefits/uses of automation to improve the efficiency of administrative support or program operations; AND (4) researching and investigating new or improved business and management practices for application to agency programs or operations.

GS-14 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for developing, implementing, and managing program requirements, plans, and procedures.

GS-15 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-14 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for providing executive-level oversight, management, guidance and direction of administrative and resource operations to include department planning processes and assessing performance improvement initiatives.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN
