The Investor and Investment Solutions (IIS) organization is hiring a Product Analyst to join its product management team responsible for delivering ongoing improvements to LPLs advisor-facing technology tools and capabilities. You must exude a passion for product management with the outcome being a delightful, streamlined technology experience that results in the utmost satisfaction of our advisors and their clients. The ideal candidate will be able to understand the needs of our advisors and leverage that knowledge to collaborate with broad cross-functional teams to drive meaningful improvements. This position requires strong analytical skills, the ability to manage multiple bodies of rapidly evolving work simultaneously, and demonstrate the ability to creatively define, develop, and execute plans to solve highly complex matters. This position will have the opportunity to partner with cross-functional stakeholders and executives across multiple business areas in the firm to: Actively participate in the prioritization and implementation of enhancements and new functionality Provide thought-leadership analysis to frame and plan enhancements to the advisor experience Support the implementation of new offerings through requirements gathering, requirements writing, testing, and participation in and evaluation of prototypes and pilots Build cross-functional relationships to establish a collaborative environment at all levels of the organization to create a more collaborative team Demonstrate strategic and creative thinking skills, a strong ability to turn analytics into compelling insights, and be capable of concise oral and written communication Responsibilities : Synthesizing internal and industry data into themes and patterns to provide insights and data-driven recommendations Identifying requirements and writing user stories Providing research, analysis, project management, and UAT testing support on a variety of strategic initiatives Working closely with a cross-functional team to develop feature set priorities to execute and achieve the overall strategic program vision Completing ad-hoc assignments that assist in development and implementation of strategies and new processes Qualifications: 1-3 years professional experience as a product analyst, business analyst, or similar role in an Agile software development environment Bachelors degree strongly preferred; an MBA is a plus Entrepreneurial perspective, self-starter, ability to work with minimal supervision Strong communication skills, both written and oral, with the ability to present materials to the highest levels in the organization and the ability to frame complex issues Strong analytical skills with a demonstrated ability to evaluate business opportunities within the context of a larger organization and its objectives Ability to manage multiple simultaneous efforts across different projects Empathy for the user experience and a passion for delivering outcomes that improve that experience Background in a client-facing role and/or the financial services industry a plus About LPL Financial: LPL Financial is a leader in the retail financial advice market and the nations largest independent broker/dealer*. We serve independent financial advisors and financial institutions, providing them with the technology, research, clearing and compliance services, and practice management programs they need to create and grow thriving practices. LPL enables them to provide objective guidance to millions of American families seeking wealth management, retirement planning, financial planning and asset management solutions. LPL and its affiliates have more than 4,200 employees with primary offices in Boston, Charlotte, and San Diego. *As reported by Financial Planning magazine, June 1996-2019, based on total revenue. Our Culture: If you join LPL, you will join a culture that believes in delivering a world-class client experience and looks to all employees to contribute to that goal by sharing their creativity, experience, and passion for continuous improvement. As a destination of choice, our top priorities are growth and development, social responsibility, and financial health for our employees. We offer competitive compensation and industry leading benefits, including a wellness facility with onsite fitness classes, healthy meal choices, and a walk-in clinic. We support employee financial health through a 401k match, ESPP, and employee discounts. Work/life balance is our foundation and is supported through paid holidays, and paid time off (including time to volunteer). We foster a diverse work environment through Employee Resource Groups and diverse strategic partnerships. Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.
