Job Description
This is a full-time position: Monday - Friday, 12:00 PM - 9:00 PM

The primary responsibilities for this position are handling second level support in Client Services team. Respond, troubleshoot and generate and update service tickets for BCS365 clients. The technology includes but is not limited to enterprise Voice, Data, Video, Wireless, Cloud, and Security.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Information Technology Support (ITS) relating to desktop technical issues involving Microsoft’s core business applications, operating systems for PC (Windows 7+), MAC (OS X) and peripherals.
Responsible for technical break/fix support for all Information Technology Support (ITS) systems currently deployed in production.
Interface and maintain effective communication with business users and other ITS team members when analyzing, updating and resolving tickets.
Responsible for administration, maintenance and second level support of back-end global ITS systems.
Identification of opportunities for continuous improvement (upgrades, security and update patches, etc.) of systems in production.
Communication with customers as required: keeping them informed properly in ticketing system of incident or request progress and notifying them of impending changes base on client’s SLA
Escalate client support tickets to appropriate resource following the escalation process and procedures
Work with Dispatchers and Team Leads to ensure requests are routed to the proper resource in order to be resolved quickly and efficiently
Data entry may be required for new and active clients on Ticketing system
Responsible for entering time and all work with proper updates in Ticketing system as it occurs
Identify proactive ways to reduce the number of issues and support calls in the environment (reduction in quality, interruption or failure of an ITS service)
Customer Focus
Demonstrate exceptional customer service skills in order to exceed customers’ expectations and to minimize escalations by taking ownership of customer reported issues.
Illustrated diplomacy, tactfulness and empathy when dealing with customers
Exemplified ability to defuse escalations and high-tension situations
Well-developed ability to appease customers experiencing service outages and difficulties
Ability to listen actively and ask clarifying questions to seek understanding
Experience going above and beyond duty to delight customers
Must have a genuine drive for customer satisfaction and retention
Required Professional IT Certifications and Experience
Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
IT Experience: 3 years minimum
Previous MSP experience, or experience supporting external customer base required
One or more of the following: CompTIA or A+, Network+, Microsoft MCP
Advanced understanding of operating systems (Windows 7 or higher and MAC OS X), printing systems, network topology, Linux/Unix command
Continually advancing your knowledge base through certification courses.
Decision making and Self-Management
Interface and maintain effective communication with business users and other ITS team members when analyzing, updating and resolving tickets.
Skills in troubleshooting, solving problems and root cause analysis.
Excellent organizational and time management skills. Capability to manage own workload while meeting team goals and business needs of the company.
Proven aptitude to work well in a team or independently with minimum supervision.
Desire and capability to work and make timely decisions in a rapidly changing and uncertain environment.
Troubleshooting
Ability to troubleshoot complex problems, analyze possible root causes and educate customers to perform troubleshooting
Broad knowledge to assist customers with troubleshooting customer equipment (CPE, computers), inside wiring (IW) and using their products and services
*Must be able to lift up to 30 pounds.

*Please Note: BCS365 participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.
Company Description
BCS CallProcesssing DBA BCS365 is a Cisco Premier Partner and EMC Partner headquartered in eastern Massachusetts. Our proven expertise enables us to bring together complex enterprise technologies and systems for mid-market clients. The Help Desk / NOC supports our clients' technology investments while our project team delivers tailored solutions that improve performance and maximize business results for manufacturers, A & E, Legal and healthcare related organizations. For more info about BCS365 visit our website at www.bcs365.com
