Sharp HealthCare
Facility:Sharp HealthCare
CitySan Diego
DepartmentISD Clinical Systems
Job Status

Full-Time

Shift

Day Job

FTE

1.0

Shift Start Time

Variable

Shift End Time

Variable
Location:

This position is located in Kearny Mesa, San Diego County

Hours:

8-hour shift: 8:00 am 5:00 pm, weekends and On-Call as needed.

Required Skills and Qualifications
Three (3) years of experience working with systems analysis and/or computer system support activities
Work experience in a health care system that included system analysis and project responsibilities
Work experience with HL7 interfaces, registration, scheduling, clinical systems
Strong problem solving analysis
Strong leadership skills with internal and external customer
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Preferred Qualifications and Skills
Bachelors degree in an applicable field, such as Business Administration, Nursing, or Health Care Administration preferred; relevant experience in excess of three (3) years or appropriate certifications may be substituted.
Work experience in Cerner RadNet Radiology Information System (RIS), Synapse Picture Archive and Communications System (PACS), VITAL Images, Powerscribe 360, or TruClinic TeleHealth
Work experience with databases and reporting systems
Lean Six Sigma White Belt Certified within one year
Complete all IT Proficiency Requirements within one year
Sharp HealthCare is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disabilities.
Summary

Sharp HealthCare's Information Systems Department was rated Best Hospital IT Department in the large hospital category by HealthCare IT News, and is nationally recognized within the health care industry. Sharp HealthCares IT department is consistently ranked in the top 100 Most Wired HealthCare Systems by Hospitals and Health Networks Magazine and recently ranked in Computerworld's "Best Places to Work", Sharp HealthCare was ranked #1 in the Pacific region.

Working under the direction of the Manager, and/or Lead, the Systems Analyst will provide operational support of mission-critical applications which include Cerner RadNet Radiology Information System (RIS), Synapse Picture Archive and Communications System (PACS), VITAL Images, Powerscribe 360, and TruClinic TeleHealth. These highly integrated solutions are supported in both acute and ambulatory care environments. In this position, the selected candidate will function within a high-performing team to assist in the testing, implementation, and ongoing maintenance of systems to meet customer, regulatory and IS infrastructure requirements. Responsibilities include systems analysis, providing creative and viable solutions to problems, developing and executing detailed test plans, and creating thorough documentation. Participation in project and change management assignments will require eliciting and translating customer requirements into solid system design, with an emphasis on enhancing productivity and standardized workflows. A diverse customer base of clinical and support staff, management, and physicians, requires excellent oral and written communication skills. The selected candidate will also be included in the on-call rotation schedule.

Sharp System Services have campuses located in the communities of Kearny Mesa and Serra Mesa and consist of the Spectrum location, the Ruffin Road location and Sharp Operations Center (SOC). These offices provide the centralized integrated system support services to the operating entities within the system. These services include: Strategic Planning, Business Development, Information Technology, Compliance, Internal Audit, Legal, Risk Management and Insurance, Contracts, Human Resources, Facilities Management and Development, Clinical Effectiveness, Finance, Nursing, Systems Supply Chain Services, Marketing and Communications, The Sharp Experience and Sharp University.
