Job Description
Circa Interactive is passionate about establishing a new way of thinking in enrollment marketing. By amplifying a university’s unique story, executing data-driven paid advertising campaigns, leveraging innovative technology and working with faculty members to inspire content creation, we connect colleges and universities with the students who will help change our world and push forward big ideas.

There is an incredible demand for this way of thinking in higher education, and we are growing fast. Our clients include some of the top institutions in the U.S. and the world, and we are looking for the best of the best to join our team, teach us new things and help us deliver even more value to our academic partners.

Why We Need You

Since 2011, Circa Interactive has gone above and beyond in providing our partners with the services that will help them meet their goals. This Paid Media Analyst position is responsible for collaborating directly with our partners to develop a strategy that hits their goals across all paid media channels. The new hire should be able to translate that strategy into effective implementation and management of search, social, display and video campaigns. The Paid Media Analyst will work directly with Paid Media Specialists, Partnership Managers, Creative Team Members, Clients and more.

This is a full-time role located in San Diego.

Responsibilities
Have the ability to focus on down funnel performance to ensure we are hitting our lead and student enrollment goals
Craft a omni-channel strategy that focuses on high intent ads and targeting specifically for search (Google and Microsoft)
Develop strategies for social media channels, such as Facebook and LinkedIn, to drive high quality leads
Has knowledge of the best practices for display and video campaigns and how to target users to fill the pipeline
Able to craft a remarketing strategy to re-engages and nurtures users through the enrollment process
Has the ability to review trends and data in the platforms, analytics platforms, CRM data and more to determine optimization opportunities
Requirements
Undergraduate degree, ideally in business or marketing
3-5 years of experience working with digital marketing platforms
Ability to read and interpret data with the goal of identifying trends
Strong communication skills including the ability to simplify our performance metrics, strategies and other components of our campaigns into digestible information
Positive outlook and overall passion towards digital and tech
A passion and desire to try new things, even if it means failing
Google Ads, Microsoft Ads and Facebook Blueprint Certifications are nice to have but not required
Benefits

We offer many benefits!
We offer a great 401k plan and match your contributions up to 4%.
The cost of your health insurance is 50% covered by Township.
The cost of dental insurance is 50% covered by Circa.
We are proud to offer competitive parental leave for when you add a new member to your family.
We go on team-wide retreats about every nine months so we can learn together and have some fun.
Every year we’ll give you $1,500 to spend attending industry-relevent conferences or classes.
Our team works on a flexible schedule and we try to limit meetings as much as possible. You can get your work done each day at the time that works best for you.
About Circa Interactive

Through innovative, creative and analytical solutions, our mission is to help higher education institutions achieve their marketing and student enrollment goals as efficiently and effectively as possible. We are committed to preserving brand integrity, amplifying program awareness, building thought leadership and generating high-quality inquiries for our partner institutions.

We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

Visit circaedu.com to learn more.

Powered by JazzHR

qtWci6E8km
