Department: Business Insurance - Risk & Loss Advisors

Status: Exempt

Reports To: Director of Property & Casualty Claims
Summary
Develop and maintain client relationships through advising and providing advocacy on Property and Casualty (P&C) claims related issues. Perform claim reviews and status updates to ensure that claims are properly set up, coverage positions are received, reserves are adequately set, and that the claim files are moving towards closure or resolution in a timely manner. Provide routine status updates to service team on open claims. Communicate with claims professionals, clients and internal staff, and achieve successful results.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Provide effective claims management.
Develop and maintain computer based task system of events and diary of routine status updates for P&C claims including dates critical to ensuring claims are properly set up, a timely coverage position is issued, a claims adjuster is assigned, defense counsel is assigned (when applicable), and status update of claims progress. Actively manage assigned claims independently.
Participate and present successfully oral and written P&C claims at client claim reviews in a professional manner and demonstrate B&B's added value and advocacy of claims.
Review and summarize coverage positions, including evaluation of coverage denials and reservations of rights, as to appropriateness and present analysis and recommendations to client.
Report in a timely manner all new claims and establish claims files with appropriate tender documentation, adjuster contact information, and coverage positions.
Review, strategize and make recommendations of next steps for disputed or denied claims as well as complex claims involving multiple carriers or layers and large loss claims.
Identify when claims intervention is necessary and advocate on behalf of clients to reduce reserves and successfully resolve disputed/denied claims.
Identify and address steps which can be taken to transfer risk and/or subrogate claims.
Ensure key internal associates and clients are apprised of claim status.
Develop working relationships with dedicated claim liaisons from insurance carriers to support the most effective way to handle claims successfully.
Monitor claim files and obtain routine status updates, including providing regular status updates to service teams. Respond to requests for updates or questions from the service team or clients.
Identify and notify producers and service teams of large complex claims, claims that have potential coverage obstacles, denied or disputed claims and your strategy to work with the adjuster to resolve issues.
Establish and develop client and company relationships to ensure good communication for the most effective claims handling.
Take on assignments and duties as requested by the Director of Property & Casualty Claims or Property & Casualty Claims Supervisor.

Education and/or Experience
Successful candidate will be a service oriented individual with high personal standards and a hands-on work style. This position requires an individual who is comfortable working at a varying pace, managing multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously, adjusting priorities often, and managing frequent interruptions.

This position interacts with and provides service to internal associates and has high levels of contact with external vendors. The Property and Casualty Claims Analyst must be positive and approachable, and work effectively with diverse personalities. In addition, the following is required unless otherwise noted:
Successful work history to include 4 years of experience in a professional office setting directly related to job responsibilities specified above.
A Bachelor's Degree is highly desired.
Obtain and maintain valid CPCU, CIC or ARM designations and meet continuing education requirements
Maintain skills and knowledge through independent study, seminars and educational industry resources available for claims management or other job specific specialty areas.
Proficiency with personal computers and Microsoft Office applications (i.e., Word, Excel and PowerPoint) with the ability to operate standard office equipment.
Skill in organizing resources and establishing priorities.
Demonstrated ability to resolve problems and present results neatly, with clarity and precision in oral and written form.
Demonstrated ability to develop, plan, and implement short- and long-range goals.
Maintain a valid Driver's License & have reliable transportation.
Work Environment & Physical Demands
Ability to use computer keyboard and sit in a stationary position for extended periods.
Work is performed in a typical interior/office work environment.
15% - 30% travel may be required. Travel consists of 1 - 2 overnight trips per year covering areas both in and out of state. In addition, 1 - 2 days per week are spent visiting clients in all of B&B's service area.
Extended work hours (10 - 12 hrs/day) required on occasion due to client meetings and industry functions that begin well before the workday, and may extend well into the evening.
We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. Marsh & McLennan Agency offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://marshmma.com/careers.
