Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.,one of the world's largest insurance brokers, provides a full range of retail and wholesale property/casualty (P/C) brokerage and alternative risk transfer services globally, as well as employee benefit brokerage, consulting, and actuarial services in the United States. We also offer claims and information management, risk control consulting, and appraisal services to clients around the world.
Gallagher Benefit Services, Inc. (GBS) consistently stands out in a competitive marketplace as an employer of knowledgeable, highly skilled and competitive talent. We are a company that touches businesses and their employees on a personal level. At the core, our job is to help protect the health and well-being of employees and their families and provide for their financial security – all while allowing employers to attract and retain the people they need to grow and succeed. As you consider the value of working for Gallagher Benefit Services, remember your talent, winning attitude and strong performance will be highly valued and will maximize your future potential.

Position Summary:
The Client Benefits System Administrator coordinates the administration of employee benefit systems to manage benefit programs such as basic and major medical coverage, dental insurance, group life insurance, pension plans, and other benefits.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Coordinates the administration of employee benefit systems to manage benefit programs such as basic and major medical coverage, dental insurance, group life insurance, pension plans, and other benefits.
Consults with and advises employers on employee eligibility, provisions, and other matters related to managing benefit system platforms.
Maintains benefits records and documents.
Administers system tools, loads employer/employee data.
Makes decisions regarding eligibility of employee groups.
May assist in the preparation of communication regarding system use, employee benefits booklets and other employee benefit communications.
Required:
Bachelors degree and 2 or more years related experience required.
U.S. Eligibility Requirements:
Interested candidates must submit an application and resume/CV online to be considered
Must be 18 years of age or older
Must be willing to submit to a background investigation; any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation
Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States. For U.S. employment opportunities, Gallagher hires U.S. citizens, permanent residents, asylees, refugees, and temporary residents. Temporary residence does not include those with non-immigrant work authorization (F, J, H or L visas), such as students in practical training status. Exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill. Gallagher will require proof of work authorization
Must be willing to execute Gallagher's Employee Agreement or Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement, which require, among other things, post-employment obligations relating to non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disclosure
Gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits, including: medical/dental/vision plans, life and accident insurance, 401(K), employee stock purchase plan, educational expense reimbursement, employee assistance program, flexible work hours (availability varies by office and job function) training programs, matching gift program, and more.
Gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race, color, religion, sex, age, veteran status, disability, national origin, or any other legally protected status. Equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, compensation, benefits, layoff, and termination. In addition, Gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business.
