Lead, Epic PB Analyst

At Scripps Health, you will experience the pride, support and respect of an organization that has been repeatedly recognized as one of the nation's Top 100 Places to Work.

You'll be surrounded by people committed to making a difference in the lives of their patients and their teammates. So if you're open to change, go ahead and unlock your potential.

Through collaboration and innovation, our IS professionals lead the frontier in caring for our community. The revenue cycle team is looking for a Lead Epic PB Analyst to join their team.

The Lead, Epic PB Analyst under general direction, participates on cross functional, integrated teams to troubleshoot complex problems across multiple domains. Designs, builds and tests system configuration. Translates business requirements into technical solutions. Conducts quality reviews of system builds. Provides operations management support to department leadership, including timekeeping and quality control/reporting. Contributes to performance evaluations and hiring decisions.

This position is a full time, salaried position and offers Scripps Health's award winning benefit package.

Required Education/Experience/Specialized Skills:
Excellent critical and analytical thinking and excellent customer service skills.
Exhibit excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Advanced troubleshooting and critical thinking skills.
Excellent organizational and project management skills.
Required Certification/Registration:
Epic PB Certified
Preferred Education/Experience/Specialized Skills/Certification:
Current Scripps IS Contractor.
Extensive experience with Epic PB.
Bachelor's degree.
Has lead small projects or technical activities.
Business acumen in functional area.
Experience with Epic Implementations and production support.
Workflow Design & Reporting experience, integrating systems, processes and people
IS

Central San Diego County-SAN DIEGO-SCRIPPS CORPORATE OFFICES

SCRIPPS CORPORATE OFFICES (100_100)
4275 CAMPUS POINT COURT
SAN DIEGO, 92121

SCRIPPS CORPORATE OFFICES

4275 CAMPUS POINT COURT

SAN DIEGO

Scripps Health Corp

Jun 15, 2020, 7:34:14 PM

FT - FULL-TIME WITH BENEFITS
