The Sleep team is helping to fuel ResMed's growth by focusing on solutions (products + software + services) to improve the quality of life for patients with sleep-disordered breathing and help providers improve efficiencies and reduce their costs. We are pioneers in providing a better experience for patients on therapy, and helping them achieve and maintain adherence with innovative masks and sleep devices with cloud connectivity. With nearly a billion people estimated to be suffering from obstructive sleep apnea, this is an opportunity to make a difference and change people's lives whether in Marketing, Sales, or product development.

The Sales Compensation Analyst will help support the sales compensation team in the design and administration of incentive sales compensation for U.S. and Canada. You will be part of a team responsible for the design, execution, analysis, and change management for all sales incentive plans (SIP), performance reporting, quota design and management, rankings, and payouts. The analyst will collaborate heavily with the sales intelligence team and sales representatives.

We will consider both local and remote worker applicants for this position.

Let's talk about responsibilities:
Create and maintain incentive compensation models to track monthly, quarterly, and annual incentive compensation payouts for various sales representatives
Create templates for payout calculators that can be used by sales representatives to track their performance against sales goals
Design & optimize sales territories that distribute sites equitably across sales representatives
Communicate sales incentive plans to the various sales reps within his/her purview
Maintain monthly sales quotas and communicate to the field
Accurately calculate performance and incentive compensation for sales representatives
Keep roster current to reflect onboarding, offboarding, and promotions of employees
Process year-end sales awards and maintain database of past award winners
Process and share weekly sales reports established by the team
Respond to ad-hoc questions and data requests from sales representatives
Assist leadership to ensure best practices, timeline adherence, process standardization and documentation is followed
Assist leadership in preparing required materials for the internal compliance team and external SOX audit team quarterly
Let's talk about qualifications and experience:
Bachelor's degree in business or related field. Equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered.
3+ years of experience in incentive compensation administration
Experience working in the field of Healthcare, preferred but not required
Demonstrated advanced technical skills - Microsoft Excel and business intelligence platforms (Cognos), Access strongly preferred.
Excellent analytics, communication and interpersonal skills to be used in a highly collaborative environment with senior management and peers
Strong interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to work in a team-oriented environment
#LI-CC1

Joining us is more than saying "yes" to making the world a healthier place. It's discovering a career that's challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!
