Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, this position will work with IT and business teams to fulfill application configuration and customization requirements, provide continuous process improvements and maintain procedures. The Analyst will utilize skills in ITIL and SDLC, provide application support, configuration, reporting, and/or development, and will be responsible for the support, design, and enhancements of business application systems in a variety of areas including, but not limited to: HR, IT, Sales, Accounting, Finance, and Purchasing. Assignments may be complex in nature and initiative and independent judgment are required to resolve problems.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Administer, configure, and design solutions for Workday and ServiceNow platforms.
Provide day-to-day technical application support for Workday and ServiceNow as well as other implemented solutions including on premise, hosted and SaaS.
Assist in system enhancement and upgrade activities, implementation of new modules and/or functionality, provide general training and support.
Work with business team members to gather and document requirements, develop user test plans, and other requests or project related documentation.
Work with third-party vendors and corporate business units to implement solutions.
Successfully operate in complex environments.
Routinely exercise independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and criteria for achieving objectives.
Follow internal processes for project approval, delivery, tracking and reporting.
Escalate issues that might impact project deliverables as required.
Ensure project adherence to compliance-related requirements related to Sarbanes-Oxley, Sunshine Act, and others as applicable.
Requirements:

Experience defining HR systems strategy: designing and prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures and implementing business solutions.
Depth of knowledge in Workday's core architecture including business process framework, security, integrations, and reporting.
Experience across multiple functional areas of Workday HCM, including Recruiting, Talent, Compensation, Benefits, and Staffing; Payroll and Financials experience is a plus.
Administration and/or Development experience with ServiceNow preferred.
Experience in SaaS based applications in areas of configuration, integrations, and reporting, specifically Workday and ServiceNow; Concur, SAP, and Salesforce experience is a plus.
Experience implementing and supporting controlled/managed applications required.
Requires a strong base knowledge of software-as-a-service (SaaS) and web application technology.
Experience with SOX controlled environments.
Candidate should also possess excellent project, time and problem-solving skills. Must be able to communicate technical information and work with all levels within the organization.
Must be a team player with good interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to interface with users. Must be experienced in developing training material and delivering training.
Education and/or Experience:

Requires Bachelor’s degree or related IT experience.
Experience with supporting, configuring, and enhancing Workday HCM. Certification is a plus.
Knowledge of ITIL principals and ITSM ServiceNow product experience is desired. Certification is a plus.
Preferred experience working in a pharmaceutical company with exposure to regulated systems.
Work experience utilizing a systems/software development life cycle process (SDLC).
Demonstrated understanding of IT management concepts utilizing the ITIL framework.
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment and effectively collaborate across teams.
Ability to juggle multiple, competing priorities.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills, including the ability to work collaboratively with all employee levels as well as external contacts (vendors).
Excellent decision-making, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills.
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
