SOLUTE, Inc. has need of a Post Major Command Surface Warfare Officer to fill a meaningful and rewarding Senior Analyst/ Program Manager position at Afloat Training Group Pacific in San Diego. If you are a Senior Naval Officer who wants to make a difference and apply the vast knowledge that you have obtained in your successful career to give back to the Sailors in our surface fleet, then we are looking for you.

Why would you work for SOLUTE? Quite simply, the work we do is meaningful and stimulating. We promote initiative and independent thought; we encourage direct client engagement to ensure we are delivering what the customer wants; and our engineers, training specialists and scientists work on cutting-edge projects that move the state-of-the-art closer to the people who need them. If you’re looking for challenges and an opportunity to take a leadership role in an environment that encourages you to excel, then SOLUTE is your destination.

Requirements
Active SECRET Security Clearance
Bachelor's Degree
20 Years Surface Navy Experience
Commander Command and Major Command Experience
Member of a Navy major staff at the senior level
5 years monitoring Navy Surface Ship training processes
Experience with Navy information systems, programs and processes
Experience producing operational efficiencies and or process improvements
Experience with Surface Warfare operations managing multiple ships or a single ship
Experience managing shipboard warfare systems operations and tactics
Experience tracking and monitoring metrics for ships in training
Experience with Department of Defense training programs
Experience with the operation and conduct of afloat training
Experience with resources required to train and certify ships
Experience with DoD Training and Warfare Area certification processes
Experience with the use of the Microsoft Office Suite
Knowledge of the Surface Force Training and Readiness Manual (SFTRM)
Benefits
401(k) match
Medical, Dental, Vision, and more
Internal promotion opportunity
SOLUTE Inc., located in San Diego, CA is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that delivers products in the fields of cyber security, networks, command and control knowledge management, collaboration systems, and aviation electronics. Our depth of technical expertise, extensive operational military experience, and successful history of engineering support provide a uniquely trusted and influential skillset to our clients. We are a company of innovative professionals thriving in a highly motivating work environment that fosters creativity and independent thinking. Our workforce has a diverse background in military operations, aviation and avionics, information systems research and development, program requirements and acquisition, C4ISR engineering, information technology, and software development. We collaborate with a host of partners to design unique, workable solutions for our military and other clients using the latest technology and methodologies. We are a team of forward-thinking professionals with a high level of performance and creativity who deliver value in support of national security.
