About Dexcom:

Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.

Functional Description:

Professional individual contributor responsible for analyzing and administering contract documents necessary to operationalize the pricing and commercial contract terms. Performs analyses on contract terms; prepares and processes contract price data entry submissions; updates Contract Administration application; coordinates gross-to-net processes to ensure timely payments; prepares and maintains relevant reports. Ensures that analyses, price and contract administration follow standard operating procedure for review and approval. Follows defined standards aimed at ensuring adherence to standard operating procedures and achieve operating goals. Liaises with Legal, Finance and other business partners to ensure contract terms are accurately communicated and operationalized. Administers gross-to-net-operations.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Analyze contract document terms and prepares appropriate contract implementation communications to relevant business partners to support business, financial and organizational goals, while adhering to deadlines.
Analyze contract documents and updates/maintains Contract Administration system and reports with relevant terms and conditions.
Ensure prices and terms are accurately reflected in enterprise system, including preparing and processing price approvals and coordinating with Finance as necessary.
Coordinate and process gross-to-net submissions, including validation and reconciliation, customer communications, dispute resolution, coordination of payments, while ensuring deadlines and conditions in contracts are met (e.g. chargebacks, rebates, payments, reports).
As requested, may update and/or provide reporting on contracts, contract prices, payments and disputes for assistance with contract management, government filings, reports, audits, etc.
Lead and contribute to Commercial Ops projects/programs initiatives ensuring communication, identification and fulfillment of action items.
Serve as the liaison between third-party chargeback/rebate administrators, account managers, Finance, Legal, other business partners and customers throughout the lifecycle of a contract.
Collaborate and support other team members as requested.
This position assumes and performs other duties as assigned.
Education and Experience Requirements:
Typically requires a Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum 5-8 years experience or equivalent in contract analysis, administration and gross-to-net processing or similar transferable experience required.
Familiarity with contract analyses, contract administration systems, gross-to-net processes (rebate and chargebacks), dispute resolution, and accounts payable.
Strong analytical, organizational and data entry skills combined with a keen attention to detail are essential.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively up, down and across the company, as well as interact with customers is necessary.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, growing environment is critical.
Preferred Qualifications:
Highly preferred commercial contracting experience (i.e., government, trade, payor, PBM, retail).
Familiarity with healthcare industry, including knowledge of healthcare contracts.
Functional/Business Knowledge:
Knowledge of healthcare contracts, contract and price administration are essential to ensure accurate gross-to-net processing.
Scope:
Strategic Accounts Contracting, level 3, Sr. Strategic Accounts Contracting Analyst.
Judgement:
Mapped to the Global Career Framework job family, level and title, should not be modified.
Pulls automatically based on job code when creating SuccessFactors requisition.
Travel Required:
Up to 25%
Language Skills: Must be able to communicate effectively in English. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be required to perform the following Physical Activity: Standing, walking, sitting, using hands, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, talk or hear, taste or smell. May be required to lift 0 lbs. to over 100 lbs.

Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be exposed to the following environmental conditions: Wet or humid conditions, work near moving parts, work in high - precarious places, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, outdoor weather conditions, extreme heat (non-weather), extreme cold (non-weather), risk of electric shock, work with explosives, risk of radiation, vibration. The noise level in this work environment can range from quiet to very loud.

Please note: The information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties and responsibilities in this job description may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons.

#LI-EF1

An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Talent Acquisition at talentacquisition@dexcom.com.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Dexcom. Only authorized staffing and recruiting agencies may use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes on specific requisitions. Dexcom does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to the Talent Acquisition team, Dexcom employees or any other company location. Dexcom is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
