Job Description
Cost Analyst to support Joint Project Manager Client in San Diego CA. Duties include but are not limited to:
The candidate shall create, review and analyze cost estimates using the automated cost estimating integrated tool (ACEIT) suite.
The candidate shall be incorporate relevant data from the ACE-IT suite, to include the Automated Cost Estimator (ACE), Joint Analysis of Cost and Schedule (JACS), Risk modules, and the Program Office Support Tool (POST) into cost estimates.
The candidate shall analyze as necessary Microsoft Excel cost models, to include use of risk analysis tool add-ins (e.g., Crystal Ball, @Risk, etc.).
The candidate shall review or analyze as necessary Joint cost/schedule uncertainty analyses and obtaining cost model result outputs.
The candidate shall provide cost estimating support at the portfolio level, to include developing portfolio models that integrate and display time-phased cost and schedule risk-adjusted views of multiple acquisition systems.
The candidate shall assist in development of and analyze cost and schedule risk-adjusted life-cycle cost estimates (LCCEs), Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), Business Case Analyses (BCAs), Analysis of Alternatives (AoAs), program office estimates, and other cost analyses.
The candidate shall brief executive leadership on program cost positions, impact of budget changes on supported programs, and other cost issues.
The candidate shall assist in the development of budget submissions (Procurement (P)-Forms, Research Development Test and Evaluation (R)-Forms, etc.).
The candidate shall possess experience developing briefings and presentations.
The candidate shall develop cost models for JPM Client level cost positions, and build and maintain cost estimate portfolios.
The candidate shall conduct pre-validation (sufficiency reviews) of all cost estimates (IGCE, LCCE, Cost Benefit Analysis (CBA), Will/Should Cost Analyses) prior to being sent to the JPEO-CBRND Headquarters for formal/external validation.
The candidate shall pre-validate product manager (PdM) level cost estimates developed in ACEIT.
The candidate shall develop a common basis for consolidating and reporting cost estimate information for all programs, and remain current with all estimates.
The candidate shall develop LCCEs and Government cost estimates in support of selected programs, and update the estimates as required.
The candidate shall use CO$TAT to analyze historical and other data in order to develop cost estimating relationships.
The candidate shall gather, compare, and correlate prior year and current year expenditures and conduct trend analyses to establish baseline budgetary data for inclusion in the budget estimating process.
The candidate shall provide financial management expertise to identify and resolve issues, and make sound and timely recommendations to facilitate decision-making in each area where there is an issue.
The candidate shall review and access program risks relative to schedule and cost.
The candidate shall review IMSs or schedules for completeness and consistency with cost estimates.
The candidate shall provide the business manager with accurate data that can sufficiently defend team cost estimates to the PdM.
The candidate shall review, edit, and consolidate the annual (and out-year) budget requirements for submission to higher headquarters based on the program LCCE.
The candidate shall review, edit, and consolidate the annual (and out-year) budget requirements for submission to higher headquarters based on the program LCCE.
The candidate shall produce finance documents and conduct financial analysis and funds management in support of acquisition documentation (e.g., milestone decision approval cost estimates, acquisition program baselines (APBs), acquisition strategies, LCCEs, etc.).
The candidate shall provide input to any cost-related taskers, specifically focusing on sustainment costs in order to provide accurate and detailed analysis and cost positions throughout the life cycle of a program.
The candidate shall advise team leads and members on methods and requirements for developing extensive written justification for budget requirements, LCCE updates, and initial positions.
The candidate shall develop annual Research Development Test and Engineering (RDT&E) and Procurement forms for submission to Congress.
The candidate shall prepare AoAs, Cost as an Independent Variable (CAIV), cost estimates, data research, economic analyses, independent sufficiency reviews, most-probable life cycle cost estimates, and source selection evaluations.
The candidate shall ensure work products are in compliance with
o Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulatory guidelines and processes

o Better Buying Power guidance and processes

o Will Cost guidance and processes
The candidate shall gather, compare, propose, and develop Better Buying Power initiatives.
The candidate shall prepare Will Cost positions.
The candidate shall implement and ensure compliance with Should Cost guidance and processes. The candidate shall create and modify Should Cost estimates in accordance with Better Buying Power initiatives. In addition, the candidate shall develop and maintain a Should Cost tracking sheet and provide data analysis.
General Experience: 10 years with Bachelors; 12 years with Associates or Professional Certificate

Specialized Experience: 6 years with Bachelors; 8 years with Associates or Professional Certificate

Education requirements: Bachelors with 10 years general experience; Associates or Professional Certificate with 12 years general experience

Certifications:
Certified Management Accountant (CMA) (within 1 year)
MUST HAVE AN ACTIVE DOD CLEARANCE; this will be verified prior to interview. Therefore, only US Citizens can be considered for this position.

Powered by JazzHR

ZoQJCkFtDd
