This position will remain open until filled.UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment: Apply by 03/11/2020 for consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should contact their Employment Advisor.Special Selection Applicants: Apply by 03/13/2020. Eligible Special Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for assistance.The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus hiring. Our Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this time, please click here.DESCRIPTIONReporting to the Division Business Office (DBO), the Division of Biological Sciences (DoBS) Data and Financial Analyst will use skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and organizational policies and procedures to resolve a wide range of issues in imaginative as well as practical ways. The incumbent will implement and administer data-based systems, and manage and develop data practices to support diverse divisional needs for data and reports. This includes determining needs and building, customizing, and enhancing reporting from new and existing campus systems, including UC Path and Oracle Financial.Provide strategic planning, resource management, and reporting tools for DoBS Dean's Office and Business Office administrative units (Student Instructional Services, Fiscal, Academic Personnel & Human Resources, Computing Services, Shops, and Safety). Compile information from multiple data sources and formats to produce customized and standard reports, statistical analyses, and graphical representations of data to meet business operational needs. Produce reports, dashboards, and other data analysis tools for policy and operational requirements based on an analysis of existing data and sources, and an evaluation of the needs of and impact to different units/leadership. Partner with DoBS leadership, managers, and staff in the development, testing, and implementation of ad hoc reports and reporting tools.Partner with the DoBS Dean's office, CFO, and Core Operations Analyst to provide and analyze financial reports for compliance with federal, state, and UC regulations. Synthesize data, prepare formal and informal presentations, reports, and statistical analyses using spreadsheets, charts, and other graphical displays that summarize complex concepts in ways that are understandable to various audiences. Provide analysis and reports to the Dean, Associate Deans, Assistant Dean, and senior management within various units including financial, personnel and academics to facilitate the strategic planning efforts.* Occasional evenings and weekends may be required.QUALIFICATIONS* Graduation from college with a major in business administration, economics, statistics, educational administration, computer science or an allied field and two (2) years of experience in administrative analysis or operations research; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.* Demonstrated report development capabilities using Cognos and other Business Intelligence Reporting tools.* Thorough knowledge of databases, database design and management. Demonstrated experience in SQL, Access, and Excel.* Substantial experience developing and maintaining database systems using appropriate software applications in order to conduct data analytics, e.g., perform statistical sampling, data mining, statistical analyses, correlational studies, etc. and provide summarization of data report and make recommendations.* Familiarity in projecting salary, benefits, and accruals, indirect costs with knowledge of payroll and personnel regulations including the impact of salaries, merits, range adjustments, social security cap and accompanied benefit costs and leaves where applicable.* Strong analytical and data modeling background. General knowledge in data collection and analysis techniques, statistics or social science research techniques. Solid knowledge of common computer application programs.* Strong skills in analyzing, researching and synthesizing large amounts of data for preparing sound and relevant proposals and analyses. Skill in independently researching, compiling, organizing, interpreting and selecting data and materials from various sources.* Proven ability to download, merge, manipulate, analyze and report on large amounts of complex data from various campus and departmental sources. Ability to design and generate reports using spreadsheets, pivot tables and statistical tools.* Proficiency in organizing and reporting data with strong attention to detail and accuracy and ability to solve complex methodology. Ability to identify, synthesize and distribute critical sources of data and information.* Demonstrated budgetary management skills with ability to analyze financial operating data to determine costs, remain within budget and ensure cost-effectiveness.* Proven knowledge of federal, state and private contract and grant regulations with the skill and ability to read, comprehend, interpret and execute, including the regulations of novel and/or unique agencies or programs.* Demonstrated ability to perform and participate in internal audits of procedures to ensure compliance to campus, system-wide, state and federal policies and standards.* Proven ability to accurately interpret and implement policies and procedures and effectively communicate and disseminate information. Skill in writing procedures, guidelines and application documentation.* Ability to think strategically and creatively, to anticipate Business and Financial trends and to transfer that thinking into Divisional Business needs. Knowledge of organizational principles and procedures involved in handling sensitive data.* Exceptional interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to communicate technical information to technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization.* Strong ability to present information in a clear concise manner verbally and in writing. Ability to present well-organized, clear, informative presentations, both in one-on-one situations and in group settings. Ability to respond well to rapid questioning on difficult issues.* Extensive organizational, analysis and decision-making skills to continually prioritize between long and short term needs, competing demands and constant requests for priority changes from a variety of sources, keep track of ongoing projects and tasks simultaneously, and meet multiple concurrent deadlines.PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS* Knowledge of financial, admissions, enrollment, academic personnel, human resources, space and contracts and grant awards data.SPECIAL CONDITIONS* Job offer is contingent upon a satisfactory clearance based on background check results.Apply NowThe University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, gender identity or sexual orientation. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://www-hr.ucsd.edu/saa/nondiscr.htmlUC San Diego is a smoke and tobacco free environment. Please visit smokefree.ucsd.edu for more information.
