About Dexcom:

Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.

Position Summary:

This position will play a key role in the development & implementation of short and long-term pricing strategies for various teams across the organization. He or she will provide direct supervision to assigned individual contributors on the team, act as an adviser on financial and business issues and may become actively involved in the coordination of actions to resolve high priority items and challenges.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop pricing strategies and manage activities designed to achieve revenue, profitability, and market access objectives across DexCom’s geographies & businesses
Synthesize and analyze market research, historical sales/rebate data, and competitive pricing to identify and develop customer pricing models and go-forward strategies
Lead and assist in the development of pricing objectives, pricing programs, and pricing analytics
Establish pricing guidance and provide specific recommendations to high-level business partners
Use market segmentation to develop price guidelines that will be used in the development of contracts and agreements
Review and report on trending rebate data for top customers to analyze sales volumes and comparative growth rates
Collaborate cross-functionally with Marketing and Commercial Business Partners to understand the comprehensive product portfolio including the attributes of the clinical benefits
Partner with cross-functional employees to build a cohesive pricing plan and coordinate with the Strategic Enablement Steering Committee to gather pricing approvals as required
Manage ad hoc analysis, reporting and tasks as needed
Required Qualifications:
Power user of data analysis tools such as Excel and Tableau
Extensive experience building models to assist in the evaluation of the financial impacts behind complex commercial scenarios
Comprehensive understanding of the transactions flow in both DME agreements and the retail pharmacy channel including the details and drivers behind transactions between PBMs, Wholesalers and Retail Pharmacies
Extensive experience working directly in Commercial Contracts or Pricing departments
Experience and comfort working in a matrixed environment, with the ability to lead cross-functional discussions and solve complex problems
Experience and Education Requirements:
Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree with 8-12 years of industry experience. 2-5 years of previous management or lead experience.

Travel Required:
Less than 25%
Functional/Business Knowledge:
Knowledge and awareness spans all aspects of the specific functional area.
Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and knowledge of company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways.
Develops a proficiency of the company’s business / market in order to inform decisions.
Scope:
Receives assignments in the form of objectives and determines how to use resources to meet schedules and goals.
Provides guidance to team members / supporting employees using established company policies.
Judgement:
Works on issues of diverse scope where analysis of situation or data requires evaluation of a variety of factors.
Follows processes and policies in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions.
Erroneous decisions or failure to achieve results will add to costs and may impact the short-term goals of the organization.
Management:
Manages the coordination of department/functional activities with responsibility for results, methods and staffing.
In some instances may be responsible for a functional area or contracted / outsourced employees or matrixed reports.
People management responsibilities include hiring / terminations, performance reviews, career development coaching and compensation decisions.
Supervisory Responsibilities:

The incumbent carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Is responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of this area. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.

Language Skills: Must be able to communicate effectively in English. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be required to perform the following Physical Activity: Standing, walking, sitting, using hands, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, talk or hear, taste or smell. May be required to lift 0 lbs. to over 100 lbs.

Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be exposed to the following environmental conditions: Wet or humid conditions, work near moving parts, work in high - precarious places, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, outdoor weather conditions, extreme heat (non-weather), extreme cold (non-weather), risk of electric shock, work with explosives, risk of radiation, vibration. The noise level in this work environment can range from quiet to very loud.

Please note: The information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties and responsibilities in this job description may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons.
