Sr. Energy Analyst (FTM)

Tracking Code

341-109

Job Description

As Senior Energy Analyst – Front of the Meter you are integral part of the Product Marketing Team, the hub between Sales, Product, Business Development and Finance. Reporting to the Sr. Manager of Product Marketing, you will have responsibility to articulate Stem’s value proposition through use case identification, pricing, and financial analysis across various markets. Modeling will include development of Market Participation strategies in CAISO, ISO NE, ERCOT, and other markets. As well, you will gather market requirements for Stem’s Front of Meter Storage Solutions and will inform the development of new strategies. You must demonstrate a blend of business, technical, and executional expertise. Leveraging your financial modeling core, you will be comfortable working with marketing, sales, business development, product, and finance, as well as Stem’s partners and customers. You are a doer as well as a thinker, who goes beyond the conventional to promote ideas beyond the norm.

This role is ideally located in our Millbrae, CA corporate office.

Stem is the global leader in AI-driven energy storage. With more than 800 systems on-line or being installed in 75 jurisdictions across six states and three countries, and a groundbreaking contract with Southern California Edison to deliver 85MW of grid stabilizing capacity and customer-sited energy storage, Stem has more experience installing and operating advanced energy storage systems than every other provider combined. By pairing energy storage with Artificial Intelligence (AI), Stem helps building operators and energy managers lower energy costs automatically while supporting a modernized, sustainable electric grid. Stem’s Athena, the first AI for energy storage, lets you buy electricity when it’s affordable and use it later when it’s suddenly more expensive. Athena links facilities into a powerful network that can instantly form virtual power plants that allow you to earn demand response revenue and participate in other grid modernization opportunities as soon as they arise. With Stem’s energy services agreement, customers receive guaranteed savings immediately without having to pay anything upfront. Stem manages the installation, operation, remote monitoring and maintenance. Systems are designed for safe, seamless integration into a facility. Headquartered in Millbrae, California, Stem is funded by a consortium of leading investors including the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan, Activate Capital, Temesek, Iberdrola, GE Ventures, Constellation Technology Ventures, Angeleno Group, RWE, Total Energy Ventures, Mithril, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. The breadth and depth of Stem’s resources and capabilities are unmatched in the industry. Stem, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, pregnancy, religion, national origin, ethnicity, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, disability, genetic information, military status, protected veteran status or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Stem, Inc. complies with all applicable state, federal and local laws, regulations and ordinances prohibiting discrimination in places where we operate.

Required Skills

Activities/Responsibilities:
Identify and articulate Stem’s unique offer and competitive advantage in Front of the Meter Storage Markets.
Model and analyze various value stacking strategies and scenarios to inform Stem’s energy storage value stream’s in various ISO markets.
Capture Front of the Meter market requirements for Stem’s software and hardware solutions, with a particular focus on CAISO, ISO New England and NY ISO.
For high-volume markets, design intuitive economic models and train Account Executives & Partners on their use.
Work cross-functionally and collaboratively with Product, Business Development and Marketing Communication to articulate the Stem value proposition to sales, partners, and customers.
Create, maintain and run sophisticated pricing and economic models (MS Excel & Python) to assess project economics.
Conduct quantitative and qualitative analysis to help prioritize potential new markets, segments, and customers
Work closely with Stem’s partners and asset owners to analyze and recommend market participation opportunities, including forward capacity market, forward reserves market, day ahead and real-time energy, and frequency regulation.
Required Experience

Required Experience and Attributes:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
High Proficiency using financial modeling instruments such as MS Excel & Python.
Experience with building financial and economic models, preferably in the renewable and/or storage industry.
Ability to work autonomously, focusing on key outcomes amidst competing priorities and tight deadlines.
High Proficiency in Excel including INDEX MATCH, Data Tables, VBA
Ability to think across disciplines and functional expertise
Displays enthusiasm.
Desired Skills:
Direct experience in energy industry, preferably at developer, retail energy provider, energy trading provider or consultant level or other related services focusing on market analytics and evaluation.
Experience and familiarity with industry standard techniques and modeling tools for Solar + Storage (for example, Energy Toolbase, Helioscope, PVWatts).
Ability to work autonomously with excellent time management skills, focusing on key outcomes amidst competing priorities and tight deadlines.
Ability to think across disciplines and functional expertise.
Ability to embrace ambiguity in a start-up environment.
Python experience
Energy trading
MBA degree
Job Location

Millbrae, California, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular

Apply


Share

LinkedIn

Facebook

Twitter

Email

AddThis

Return To Job Listings
