Your Opportunity


Schwab Advisor Services, a division of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is the leading provider of custody, trading, technology and practice management to registered independent advisory firms. It provides access to sophisticated wealth-management services that help advisors attract and retain affluent clients, as well as profitably grow, compete and succeed in their business efforts. Schwab Advisor Services serves over 7,500 registered independent advisors that manage over $1 trillion in assets in over 2.5 million accounts at Schwab.

The Business Consulting and Education team is part of Schwab Advisor Services and creates and delivers high-quality, industry-leading consulting and education programs that help advisors establish and better manage their businesses, in addition to helping them plan and prepare for the future. The key to the team’s success lies in its ability to create highly relevant and scalable programs that turn practice management insights into actionable plans that are implemented with new and existing advisors. These programs are delivered by a nationwide team of experienced consultants who work closely with advisors and the Schwab team to deliver interactive workshops as well as a high-touch consulting experience for our clients. The Business Consulting and Education team also produces white papers on a range of practice management issues in addition to creating resources to help advisors navigate compliance requirements.

What you’re good at


The primary responsibility of the Sr. Technology Consultant is to partner with the Advisor Services Sales organization to deliver quality consulting engagements to our registered investment advisor (RIA) clients. These consulting engagements are opportunities to guide our RIA clients and manage through change that will allow them to manage their business and serve their clients better through more effective use of technology from Schwab and third parties. This will be accomplished by partnering with Relationship Managers to identify advisor clients who merit and need help strengthening their cybersecurity programs, and optimizing their operations and use of technology.

Key aspects of the role include delivery of in-depth consulting programs to select advisors, targeted outreach to clients over the phone and in person, strategic territory management, presenting workshops and speaking at conferences, and collaborating with internal partners to deepen relationships with advisors.

What you have
7+ years of experience within the financial services industry that should include exposure to operations and technology in RIA firms, broker-dealers, and/or related businesses.
Outstanding analytical skills with the ability to think creatively about innovative technology and operations solutions that position clients for success.
Excellent communication skills that include the ability to translate complex technical and strategic visions into specific and actionable work plans, address people at different levels of our clients’ organizations, speak before small and large audiences, and write clearly.
Strong interpersonal skills for building and maintaining close working relationships with clients, internal partners and stakeholders, and third-party vendors.
Exceptional consulting skills with the ability to listen, assess issues, analyze options, solve problems, and develop win/win solutions.
Demonstrated attention to detail, professionalism, flexibility, and capacity to manage yourself and make things happen.
Commitment to regular territory travel (up to 50% of the time).
An inquisitiveness that keeps you staying on top of trends in technology, operations management, and cybersecurity and a passion for helping others benefit from your interests and expertise.
