TITLE: PROGRAM ANALYST III/ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT

LOCATION: SAN DIEGO, CA

SCHEDULE: FULL TIME

About MVM, Inc.

Service, Support, Success are the pillars upon which MVMs founders built the company, and they continue to serve as MVMs core values. Along with our uncompromising insistence on integrity and ethical business practices, these values make us the service provider of choice for our customers and the employer of choice for our dedicated team members.

Working at MVM, Inc. takes a certain kind of person; we want someone who identifies with our values and is willing to challenge themselves both personally and professionally. We seek employees who are passionate about serving and making a difference in lives of others.

Were looking to add a Program Analyst III. If you can envision joining a team where you will have the opportunity to provide mission driven results; then we are looking for you!

Heres what you need to be successful in this role:
Coachable - Open to constructive criticism, with a strong desire to implement and sustain feedback by others
Customer service orientated - Understand the value of a relationship by building trust and relating to the customer to ensure the conversation progresses properly and on tract. Honest and have the integrity to do whats right for our customers and for the business
Curious - Actively seek information pertaining to our business, services and customer base
Committed - Have the passion and perseverance for what you want to accomplish
Willing to support critical duties - Support responsibilities that must continue to be performed during crisis situations and contingency operations
What Youll Get to Do!!

The Program Analyst III will use his or her knowledge of applying analytic methodologies and principles to address program needs while maintaining program confidentiality. The Program Analyst III will perform a wide range of data entry and analysis, resource distribution, acquisition support, for managers/Administrative Officers to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. This position will support a Federal Law Enforcement client in San Diego, CA.

Key functions you will perform!
Performs administrative, program and logistical support for events by assisting in scheduling and coordinating conferences and exhibits
Maintains government personal Time and Attendance sheets
Maintains files and fulfills data entry/reporting requirements
Provides written after-action report that identifies areas for improvements as well as positive aspects about the events
Coordinates interdepartmental development of program plans and interfaces with other sections and offices;
Assists with coordination of travel arrangements and expense reports
Evaluates, monitors, and reports performance against plans to ensure guidelines meet appropriate procedures and policies;
Reports, analyzes and interprets financial and operating data;
Write and updates standard operating procedures;
Performs other duties as assigned;
What you will need to have:
Bachelor's degree
Minimum of 4 years of relevant experience required.
Strong computer skills; proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, and Outlook), technology systems, and communications tools (Adobe).
Preferred Qualifications
Strong oral, written and interpersonal skills; excellent proofreading skills
Ability to solve complex problems and work in a team environment
Ability to multi-task; detail oriented; be observant and anticipate operational needs
Ability to be flexible and adaptable in a variety of situations
Excellent problem solver and able to handle difficult situations
Experience with SharePoint
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a Government background investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Security Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Ability to obtain/maintain a Security Clearance
Favorable credit check
We Offer
Paid training, fun, talented and driven teammates
Knowledgeable, encouraging and present leadership
A diverse and community-minded organization
Career growth and learning opportunities for aspiring minds
A competitive benefits package, and fosters a highly skilled, energized and empowered workforce.
Due to the high volume of applications received, the Recruiting Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.

For more information about the company please visit our website at www.mvminc.com
MVM is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
