Level 1:

Works closely with project lead in performing a
variety of assigned duties, including analysis, gathering analyzes and synthesizing
information using evaluation and critical thinking skills. Assists with work breakdown
structures, prepares charts, tables, graphs, and diagrams to assist in analyzing problems. This
position requires demonstrated proficiency using commercial automated word processing,
graphics systems, and desktop publishing systems. Good written and oral communication
skills are required.Minimum/General Experience: Minimum of one year of relevant experience.

Level 2:

Under general supervision this position will
support and assist project team members in the execution and implementation of a variety of
project tasks particularly by providing analytic and technical support. Completes research
and analysis, gathers analyzes and synthesizes information using evaluation and critical
thinking skills. Assists with work breakdown structures, prepares charts, tables, graphs, and
diagrams to assist in analyzing problems. Assists with the development of technical and
project requirements. Must have demonstrated the ability to work independently or under
only general direction. This position requires demonstrated proficiency using commercial
automated word processing, graphics systems, and desktop publishing systems. Good written
and oral communication skills are required.

Minimum/General Experience: Minimum of three years of relevant experience.

Level 3:

Works as a team member with advanced,
comprehensive knowledge of methodologies, principles and practices related to logistics,
business, or financial management disciplines. Completes research and analysis, gathers
analyzes and synthesizes information using evaluation and critical thinking skills. Ability to
organize, analyze, interpret, and evaluate financial and management data in the solution of
financial management and accounting problems. Ensures compliance with technological
standards throughout the project. Operates with considerable latitude for actions and
decisions. Must have demonstrated the ability to work independently or under only general
direction. This position also requires demonstrated proficiency using commercial automated
word processing, graphics systems, and desktop publishing systems. Good written and oral
communication skills are required.

Minimum/General Experience: Minimum of five years of relevant experience.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
