Description

Position Summary

Within the department of Financial Operations and under the general direction
of the Associate Vice President, the office of Budget & Finance is responsible
for planning, analysis and management of the university's support, trust and
capital budgets such that university management is provided with the
information necessary to determine the most appropriate use of fiscal
resources. The office of Budget and Finance is responsible for managing cost
recovery activities, including cost allocation, chargeback and billing rates,
at the departmental, divisional and campus levels.

Under the general direction of the Director of Budget & Finance and operating
within the current delegation of authority and established procedures of Budget
& Finance, this position has primary budgetary responsibility for budget
preparation and administration, planning and analysis, resource and cost
allocation and budgetary control.

The ideal candidate has the ability to learn quickly, understand complex
processes, apply creativity and originality in problem solving, and exercise
sound, independent judgement in their work and in directing the work of others.

For more information regarding Budget & Finance, click here.

This is a full-time (1.0 time-base), benefits eligible, permanent
(probationary) position. This position is designated exempt under FLSA and is
not eligible for overtime compensation. Standard SDSU work hours are Monday -
Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., but may vary based on operational needs.

Education and Experience

Three years of progressively responsible analytical experience including two
years performing work involving the preparation, justification and analysis, or
the control and administration of a budget or budgetary program.

Equivalent to a bachelor's degree with a major in accounting, business
administration, finance or a closely related field OR a combination of
education and experience which provides the required knowledge and abilities.

Preferred_Qualifications_And_Specialized_Skills

Minimum of five years of progressively responsible and independent analytical
experience in complex budget planning and/or financial management.

Experience_In_Leading_And_Directing_Others.

Experience in the preparation and administration of a CSU budget or budgetary
program.
Experience with budgeting, data query and analytical tools and software.
Experience in the administration and functional/technical support of a budget
planning software (e.g. Adaptive Planning, Questica, Hyperion Planning).
Experience in developing and leading campus budgetary training inclusive of
training in the use of budget planning software.

Compensation_And_Benefits

Starting salary upon appointment not expected to exceed $8,333 per month. CSU
Classification Salary Range: $4,611 - 8,899 per month. Salary placement is
determined by the education, experience, and qualifications the candidate
brings to the position, internal equity, and the hiring department's fiscal
resources.

San Diego State University offers a rich benefits package that constitutes a
major portion of total compensation. For more information regarding SDSU
benefits, please click here.

Supplemental Information

Initial review of the required application materials, including cover letters
and resumes, will begin on July 6, 2020. To receive full consideration, apply
by July 5, 2020. The position will remain open until filled.

The person holding this position is considered a 'mandated reporter' under the
California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with
the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of
employment.

San Diego State University is not a sponsoring agency for staff or management
positions (e.g., H-1B visa). Applicants must currently be authorized to work in
the United States on a full-time basis. Offers of employment are contingent
upon the presentation of documents that demonstrate a person's identity and
authorization to work in the United States, which are consistent with the
provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act.

A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed
satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU.
Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the
application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU
employees who apply for the position.

SDSU is a smoke-free campus. For more information, please click here.

SDSU is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against persons
on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender,
gender identity and expression, marital status, age, disability, pregnancy,
medical condition, or covered veteran status.

Applicants with disabilities and applicants who require assistance completing
an application may contact Recruiter at or .
Closing Date/Time: Open until filled
Show moreShow less
