Position available through UCSD Temporary Employment Services (TES). Employment through TES is an excellent way to gain valuable UCSD experience and get your foot in the door for career positions. TES employment includes medical coverage, paid vacation & sick time, paid holidays, as well as training and development opportunities!

DESCRIPTION

New long-term gigs available for hospital supply management and procurement professionals. Under general supervision, is responsible for procurement and coordination of a wide variety of capital equipment, supply, services and blanket orders for supplies and services. Develops and maintains expertise in commodities and sourcing of supplies for areas assigned. Assists in managing the catalog and contracts within Premier Connect (ERP).

Resolves purchase orders, payment, contract and departmental issues. Develops RFPs for services and products, including bid specifications, terms and conditions, bid evaluation and vendor selection. Documents files to assure compliance with audit, UC, state and other requirements. Adheres to HIPAA and BAA requirements. Performs contract administration, price analysis and negotiation. Performs other duties as assigned. Acts as a backup to other buyers. Purchasing authority = $75,000.

Anticipated Duration: 6 months

Compensation: $28 - $34 / hour DOE, including paid holidays and vacation/sick leave. Full-medical insurance also available.

QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's Degree in business, healthcare administration or related area; and/or equivalent combination of experience/training.
A minimum of two (2+) or more years of relevant experience.
Experience and proven success in evaluating the quality and cost effectiveness of multiple and complex purchasing options.
Healthcare Procurement experience.
Experience working with Material Management systems such as Premier Connect or Lawson.
Skilled in RFP Preparation.
Demonstrated knowledge of procurement practices and procedures, and demonstrated knowledge of vendor sourcing and negotiation techniques.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS

Employment is subject to a criminal background check and pre-employment physical.
