POSITION SUMMARY:

Responsible for planning, managing, executing, and communicating advanced/complex analyses to drive profitable decision-making across all business areas with an emphasis on marketing (both traditional and digital), but also to include operations and finance. Also responsible for ensuring analyses include actionable insights, informing key business decisions through ongoing partnership with executives and managers of Jack in the Box.

KEY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:

Creates, refines and utilizes advanced financial and analytical models to perform analyses of various marketing programs and tests, including promotional activities, new product development, LTO activity, menu strategy, rewards/loyalty program, pricing, advertising/media effectiveness, sales forecasting, test market performance, and major campaigns. Ensures projects are completed accurately, on-time, and reflect best practices methodologies.

Identifies opportunities to increase sales and profitability from existing and proposed marketing programs through data mining, analysis, and presentation of results. Utilizes both quantitative and qualitative methods in an effort to help optimize key initiatives; analyzes historical performance trends and the impact of marketing initiatives; provides forecasting for new product launches and promotions including assessment of risks and opportunities.

Effectively presents performance of various marketing programs and tests with recommendations, translating data into actionable insights. Serves as key contributor in discussions with executives and managers during major business decisions, using an unbiased lens to provide a holistic CIA perspective and recommendation, maintaining respectful dialog and rapport while potentially challenging conventional wisdom.

Builds and maintains strong relationships, collaborates and meets regularly with executives and managers to develop an up-to-date and in-depth understanding of brand strategy and business objectives to identify areas where CIAs capabilities and expertise can benefit the brand. Assesses business needs, asks the right questions, and develops an understanding of the reasons behind specific analysis requests in order to prioritize analysis and ensure analysis projects are accurate, efficient, and adequately address root causes.

Manages analysis requests and process under minimal supervision and focuses on holistic business perspective, including: identifies relevant data sources, develops analysis structure, identifies opportunities to partner and collaborate with other facets of the Consumer Insights and Operations Analytics, evaluates or conducts analysis, interprets results, and presents data-driven findings and recommendations.

Designs test processes that allow for statistically significant measurement of projected results and potential risk areas. Performs and presents analyses of return on investment (ROI) to the Marketing team and serves as the subject matter expert regarding the financial impact of various marketing strategies.

Serves as a pro-active leader within the organization, through managing major initiatives, proactively searching for internal and external technologies, techniques, and knowledge to improve business process.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Finance, Economics, Mathematics, or a related field is required. MBA or masters degree with emphasis on finance or analytics is preferred.

Experience 6-10 years of analysis, modeling, or planning experience, preferably in a national multi-unit restaurant corporation or consumer products environment with heavy exposure to the marketing function and broad-level exposure to the entire organization, including regular interaction with high-level executives. Management and leadership experience is a plus. Experience analyzing digital investments or loyalty/rewards programs is also a plus.

Skills/Knowledge/Abilities Excellent oral and written English communication skills, interpersonal skills, problem solving skills, organizational skills, and presentation. Advanced computer skills with expert-level MS Excel skills required with strong working-knowledge of MS SQL Server Management Studio and/or other data warehousing software (ProClarity a plus); proficiency in MS Office Word and PowerPoint, Strong financial modeling skills with knowledge of financial, statistical, and forecasting techniques to perform analyses projects with a high degree of confidence in results; ability to solve unique problems and understand the relationships between data in creative ways. Ability to communicate data and information clearly and effectively to high-level executives on a variety of topics. Demonstrates integrity and ethical behavior.

Physical Requirements Ability to speak/hear clearly in person and on the telephone. Ability to operate a computer. Ability to travel as business needs require.

REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION:

Jack in the Box Inc. will make reasonable accommodations to allow a qualified individual with a disability to enjoy equal employment opportunities and to perform the essential functions of the job. This position description should be applied accordingly.
