Senior Budget Analyst
San Diego, CA

Company Description
December Group LLC (December Group) is a fast-growing management consulting firm focused on providing innovative solutions to our clients and an employee growth-focused working atmosphere for our team members. We aim to solve our clients’ most complex challenges through innovation and transformation, and to deliver real results and sustainable strategies to ensure our clients’ ongoing success.

Project Overview
December Group is staffing support for the comptroller department at a Department of Navy client. We are seeking committed and passionate senior budget analyst professionals to join our management consulting team at the Navy client site in San Diego, CA.

Job description
Role Responsibilities:
Serve as a member of a large on-site engagement team to support multiple tasking areas within a Navy client comptroller department related to accounting and financial management.
Work on a variety of functional accounting and financial management tasks related to the following areas:
o Travel, Payroll, and Vendor Pay Branch – Supporting the client team to:
Manage the Government Travel Charge Card program (GTCC) transactions,
Manage the travel program including processing Defense Travel System (DTS) transactions, authorizations, and vouchers,
Performing payroll related functions including time and attendance and reconciliations, and
Processing vendor pay functions such as validating invoices prior to disbursement, resolving invoicing issues, and ensuring transactions are properly recorded in the accounting system.
o Funds Control Branch – Support the client team with:
Funds control and execution,
Reimbursable work order processing and billing, and
Performing the DON’s Dormant Accounts Review – Quarterly (DARQ).
o General Accounting Branch – Support the client team in:
Overseeing updates and management of their US General Ledger Account inputs and reconciliations, with emphasis on the cash and accounts payable, to ensure business transactions are properly recorded in the official accounting system and are accurately reported on financial statements, and
Processing routing accounting transactions including manual journal vouchers.
o Budget Division – Support the client team in:
Managing, tacking, and reconciling their budget administration and execution.
Qualifications
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree from a fully accredited college or university.
Possessing an active or able to obtain a favorable DoD Secret clearance.
Experience as a team lead or task lead on professional services teams with similar functions to the job description.
Five (5) years of experience with budgetary principles and familiarity with budgetary terms, processes, techniques, policies, regulations, and organizational strategic goals.
Experience in performing independent analysis and problem solving with limited direction.
Experience with Microsoft Office products (MS Word, Excel, Power Point and Access).
Must be able to read, write, understand, and communicate fluently and in comprehensible English language.
Superior written and verbal communications skills, organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple assignments with varying deadlines and priority simultaneously.
Demonstrated ability to interface with client and/or other contractor personnel at all levels of an organization to meet client and internal program manager needs.
Be self-motivated, resourceful, require minimal oversight, and demonstrate integrity and strong work ethic.
Computer literate and able to gather information to create and maintain documents and briefings.
Able to formulate recommendations for program or task improvement and communicate verbal and/or written informational instructions to be delivered to large and small audiences throughout the organization.
Must have a current and valid driver’s license.
Required Technical Skills:
Highly proficient in the use of Microsoft Office programs (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).
Required Soft Skills:
Creative, collaborative, detail-oriented, strong communication and listening skills (in-person and via telecon).
Ability to work on multiple workstreams at a time and manage time and deadlines effectively, to prioritize work products, and to function in a fluid, fast-paced, and dynamic environment.
Comfortable working both in teams and independently, organized, proactive and self-motivated, and ability to be an “outside the box” thinker when needed.
Flexible, and able to change direction quickly, and accepts this as operating in a high-performing team structure.
Preferred Technical Skills:
Experience with Navy accounting and financial feeder systems or Navy acquisition and budgeting systems.
Experience with DoD Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) processes, Navy preferred.
Experience performing and supporting routine accounting transactions in an SAP-based system, including manual journal vouchers and other adjustments.
Experience developing and documenting standard operating procedures.
Preferred Soft Skills:
Experience with Navy comptroller or acquisitions offices.
Experience with Navy or DoD audit readiness programs, or with DON or DoD accounting processes.
Experience with GAAP, GAGAS, and FASAB requirements as they apply to a federal entity.
__
_ _December Group offers comprehensive compensation and benefits packages, including but not limited to:
Competitive salaries with performance-based bonus opportunities
Health, dental, and vision insurance plans
401(k) Retirement Plan with available company match
Paid Holidays and generous Paid Time Off
Team-building and social events
Mentorship programs to support career development
December Group LLC is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Budget Management: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Preferred)
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.december.group
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
