Job Description
We are seeking a Business Consultant/mentor For Residential Painting And General Contractingto join our team! The Business Operations Specialist will be responsible for cost-reduction initiatives and implementing best business practices. We are a small painting business specializing in high end complete interior and exterior paint jobs in high end community's throughout San Diego. Our goal is to have 3 to 4 crews working consistently. We currently have 1 crew and 1 operational manager. We are using builder trend for estimating and quick books for accounting. We want someone who will take intuitive and set goals for the company and themselves to introduce new techniques and business practices. We are not a turn key operation but have most if not all the tools to create a turn key operation. We are able to stay busy in our current set up but were looking to move to the next level in our industry. We are looking to increase profit and stop throwing mud at the wall and hoping it sticks. Were happy with the gross but need help in netting more.

Responsibilities:
Plan and develop processes for daily operations
Devise strategies for improvement with in-house departments
Create and manage relationships with customers and vendors
Establish product inventory controls
Assist in project scheduling and administrative tasks
Qualifications:
Previous experience in business administration, operations, or other related fields
Ability to prioritize and multitask
Ability to work well in teams
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
experience in residential repaints and home improvement
proficient in cost estimating software such as builder trend
proficient in quickbooks, office and such
proficient in G suite

Company Description
Double G is a growing business seeking to expand and take on more projects. We specialize in Residential Interior/Exterior Painting. We have been blessed to do business in "Americas finest city" for over 14 years in areas such as Point Loma and Coronado. We appreciate our Employees and Customers and know Double G would not be in business without them.
