Defense Acquisition Logistics Analyst (multiple roles)

SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to come and join our team!

SBG, a service-disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology, cyber-security, and training, has multiple openings (contingent upon contract award) for an Acquisition Logistician/Program Analysts to support our bid for the Navy Integrated Logistics Support Services contract in San Diego, CA. This is a fantastic opportunity to further your career in ILS within an excellent, supportive team environment!

OVERVIEW
Develop, review, or update of Life-Cycle Logistics Support Requirements, Life Cycle Sustainment Plans (LCSP), Life-Cycle Cost Estimates (LCCE), Logistics Requirements Funding Summaries (LRFS), Independent Logistics Assessment (ILA) checklists, and other milestone-required documentation, data calls and events for navy communications and electronic location programs, projects and taskings.
Develop required logistics input for briefs and other logistics documentation necessary to fully support program of record and project systems
Maintain logistics instructions, directives, and policies and support all logistics data calls
Support Staff meetings, Technical Review Boards, Configuration Control Boards (CCB), program engineering meetings, Integrated Product Team (IPT), working groups, training events, Fleet Support Teams (FST), program reviews, System Engineering Technical Reviews (SETR), System Readiness Reviews (SRRs)
Properly maintain files and folders on SharePoint site to include SPAWAR Acquisition Integrated Logistics Online Repository (SAILOR) and Naval Systems Engineering Resource Center (NSERC) databases
Develop and revise ILS Checklist and Certifications for Ship Alterations (SHIPALTs), Engineering Changes, and Software changes
Maintain the Configuration Data Managers Database-Open Architecture (CDMD-OA) database for all systems’ configurations for program of record and project systems
Develop, submit, and revise nomenclature requests/packages utilizing Joint Electronics Type Designation Automated System (JETDAS)
Maintain the Technical Data Management Information System (TDMIS) database for all systems’ configurations for program of record and project systems
Provide input/review program Integrated Master Schedules (IMS) to reflect logistics related milestones
Familiarization with the Provisioning and Allowance Parts List (APL) development and file update process
Ability to work both independently and as an effective team member
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and meet expedited deadlines
High degree of analytical skills, adept at problem solving with a high attention to detail
High caliber oral, written, and briefing skills
Additional duties as assigned or required
Requirements

Senior Program Management/ Logistics Analyst (2 positions):
Bachelor’s Degree with twelve (12) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable department of Defense agencies or a master’s degree with nine (9) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable Department of Defense agencies.
Six (6) years of this experience in direct program management support to an Acquisition program office (PEO/PMW) or similar organization supporting Logistics requirements.
DAWIA Level III Logistics and DAWIA Level II Program Management courses or equivalent certification.
High caliber oral, written, and briefing skills.
DoD (Final) Clearance of Secret or higher
Senior Level Logistics Analyst (several positions):
Bachelor’s Degree with twelve (12) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable department of Defense agencies or a master’s degree with nine (9) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable Department of Defense agencies.
DAWIA Level III Logistics courses or equivalent certification.
High caliber oral, written, and briefing skills.
DoD (Final) Clearance of Secret or higher
Mid-Level Logistics Analyst (several positions):
Bachelor’s Degree with seven (7) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable Department of Defense agencies or a Master’s Degree with four (4) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable Department of Defense agencies.
DAWIA Level II Logistics courses or equivalent certification.
High caliber oral and written skills
DoD (Final) Clearance of Secret or higher
Junior Level Logistics Analyst (several positions):
Bachelor’s Degree with three (3) years specialized logistics experience with the Navy or comparable Department of Defense agencies.
DAWIA Level I Logistics courses or equivalent certification.
High caliber oral and written skills
DoD (Final) Clearance of Secret or higher
We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
