Current Need:

Company: McKesson Corporation

Position Title: SAP Business Analyst

Location: 6555 State Hwy 161 Irving, TX 75039

Job Duties:

Create and maintain systems to load and transform large data sets from various internal sources. Responsible for delivery of new SAP service functionality. Makes and tests configuration changes to SAP modules to reflect the functional design decisions. Create data-driven insights and reports for senior management. Perform daily monitoring, administration, repair and maintenance related to databases and related technologies in all environments. Interpret and clarify functional details and process change requirements involving SAP modules: Design and develop custom ABAP code where required. Create technical/functional work specification and solve complex technical problems. Perform functional configuration tasks for SAP modules to satisfy business requirements.

Qualifications:

A Bachelor’s degree in Management or a related field of study AND Seven (7) years of experience in the job offered or related occupation. Applicants must have demonstrated experience with: Business Analysis, requirements definition and building SAP systems solutions; SAP Configuration in all SD modules and GATP modules; Order to Cash business process; SAP Vistex Chargebacks and Rebates; Agile, SAFe and SCRUM methodologies; Creation of Design and Development specification; and Middleware/ API interfaces Mapping exercise and documents.

Education:

A Bachelor’s degree in Management or a related field of study AND Seven (7) years of experience in the job offered or related occupation.

Contact:

To apply, must mail resume and cover letter to McKesson Corporation, Attn: Lance Dorsey, 1110 Sanctuary Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30009. Must reference job title: SAP Business Analyst

McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.

McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to McKessonTalentAquisition@McKesson.com . Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Current employees must apply through the internal career site.

Join us at McKesson!
