Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Sales, Business Development & Marketing Group, Sales, Business Development & Marketing Group > Business Development
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age and this is where you come in.

Business Development Manager (up-to Director level) for emerging opportunities in computer vision, high speed scanning, image processing and AI for industrial and retail use-cases. Working in the Qualcomm Internet of Things Business Unit, responsible for defining an evolving market opportunity, solution requirements, go to market plan, and execution of the strategy including initial launch and the subsequent growth phase. You will have product line profitability while working closely with internal stakeholders, partners and support teams.

Responsibilities:
Define the market and build a business plan to justify necessary investments
Identify and segment key customers
Develop partner eco-system & new business models
Work in conjunction with product management and engineering to capture HW, SW and services requirements.
Ideate concepts for new minimum viable product and develop silicon & software roadmap
Develop go to market plans for new product solutions
Develop annual operating plan and long-term strategy including investment plans
Deliver segment financial objectives including revenue, profit & growth
Monitor and manage near term financial performance in conjunction with finance team
Create segment specific presentations tailored to global sales teams, internal stakeholders, customers, and partners
Collaborate with internal marketing teams to promote solutions to media, analysts and other external marketing targets
Represent Qualcomm in industry forums & conferences
Drive key customer and partner accounts directly
Work closely with Qualcomm regional sales teams to scale business globally and achieve revenue goals
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in EE, CS, or Physics.
10+ years of proven experience with imaging semiconductors (SOC, FPGA, CMOS Sensor or ISP vendor), vision or industrial scanning systems. In lieu of direct imaging semiconductor experience, candidates with strong experience in imaging software and algorithms will also be considered.
Familiarity with latest Machine Learning/AI trends for imaging applications
5+ years experience in product management, product marketing or technical marketing
Successfully developed and managed a new business or business segment
Ability to travel globally and domestically as needed (25% typically, 33% occasionally)
Preferred Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications:
Strong technology background
Motivated self-starter with the ability to build a network within the organization and ability to manage deadlines and priorities
Strong evidence of entrepreneurial mind-set and new product development
Proven ability to work cross-functionally in a multi-cultural environment with strong interpersonal skills and high emotional intelligence.
Insight into emerging business models
Financial analysis ability
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
