The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus
hiring. UCSD Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions
and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application
process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding
steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this
time, please click here.
This position will remain open until a suitable candidate is
identified.
UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment: Apply by 04/07/2020 for
consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should
contact their Employment Advisor.
Special Selection Applicants: Apply by 04/23/2020. Eligible Special
Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for
assistance.
DESCRIPTION
===========
This position serves as a key member of Business Applications Team
responsible for the coordination, implementation, maintenance and
training related to the application of business intelligence tools and
Oracle Budget and Planning System. Responsible for developing budget
modeling tools, systems, reports, and dashboards to guide management
decisions. Responsible for the validation of integrated financial data
packages including the use of Oracle SmartView application. Develops
and maintains documentation of key processes, business rules, and
process flowcharts for business intelligence models.
Works closely with ITS programmers to manage multiple data sources
(budget, financial, debt, personnel, facilities) and business user
specifications to design reports and dashboards. Provides high-level
analytical support to campus leadership and serves as a key resource
to the office as the primary analyst supporting key university-wide
functions and programs. Provides strategic recommendations for the
development, interpretation, and implementation of policies,
procedures, and mechanisms to ensure campus financial accountability
with respect to University financial commitments and fiduciary
responsibilities. Represents the Assistant Vice Chancellor-Campus
Budget Office on system-wide and campus-wide committees, teams and
work groups, as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
==============
Demonstrated deep understanding of various business applications
and reporting tools and demonstrated experience in developing and
acquiring and utilizing enterprise budget/financial systems.
Thorough in-depth knowledge of business intelligence functions,
advanced analytics, industry standards and best practice.
Demonstrated ability to identify, collect, and analyze information
from multiple sources.
Advanced expertise using computer software, such as Microsoft
Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Expertise in applying computer
technology as a problem solving tool in financial analysis,
budgetary management and other administrative functions and
situations.
Proficient ability to use multiple spreadsheet and database
software tools to gather information for specialized, complex
financial analysis, fiscal management, and financial reports.
Excellent service orientation and critical thinking skills; and
attention to detail. In depth ability to use organizational skills
to multi-task in a high volume environment. Experience in the
collaboration with various stakeholders and development of
business users requirements
Thorough knowledge and understanding of internal control practices
and their impact on protecting University resources.
Strong independent thinking, judgment and excellent problem
solving skills; innovative application of policies, procedures,
restrictions and successful development of situational solutions.
Proven ability to lead group discussions including expressing
ideas effectively, seeking and respecting the opinions of others,
active listening, and share ideas. The ability to summarize ideas
concisely and bring discussion to effective conclusions.
Thorough knowledge and application of principles and practices of
fiscal planning and analysis, budgetary systems and organizational
management.
Extensive work experience in producing high level, complex,
analytical written and graphical reports and other documents that
effectively communicate in a clear, organized and concise manner
to senior management and others.
Comprehensive knowledge of various campus reporting systems.
Expert skill in validating and analyzing large quantities of
financial data and employee/staffing data, summarizing, extracting
and compiling relevant information in a variety of formats.
Graduation from college with major in economics, business
administration, political science, or an allied field, and six (6)
years of experience in budget analysis or administration; or an
equivalent combination of education and experience.
Excellent interpersonal human relations skills to employ tact,
diplomacy and flexibility while maintaining confidentiality and
exercising discretion. Excellence in the ability to collaborate
and communicate effectively at all organizational levels, both
verbally and in writing.
Experience in multi-asking and performing under constant pressure
of deadlines. Experience working independently in unstructured
projects and situations, identifying priorities and applying
creativity and originality in problem solving.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of Oracle ESR and SmartView preferred.
Experience and knowledge in writing SQL queries and Cognos report
development preferred.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
==================
Job offer is contingent upon a satisfactory clearance based on
background check results.
Our employees enjoy competitive compensation packages and educational
opportunities in a diverse, stimulating workforce.
This position is eligible for full benefits first day of hire:
a) Health/Dental/Vision Insurance
b) Vacation/holidays (15 vacation days & 13 paid holidays a year)
c) Work/Life Balance
d) UC Retirement Plan
e) Pet insurance
For more information about UCSD Benefits please click here and visit
UCSD Work/Life.
To calculate an approximate value of the UC Total Compensation
package, please click here.
