Position Title:

Customer Support Analyst III

Location:

San Diego, CA
Status:

Full-Time- Regular

FLSA Category:

Exempt

Tribalco provides mission-critical information technology, integrated telecommunications, and soldier survival solutions to defense, civilian government, and commercial customers around the world. We are a trusted systems integrator with a global presence, providing advanced and innovative lifecycle solutions, from engineering and installation to operations and maintenance, for the enterprise. With superior technical ingenuity and a proven record of performance excellence, Tribalco is the technology contractor of choice for meeting the unique and complex requirements of our discerning customers. Focused on defense and security technologies, Tribalco delivers unrivaled expertise, ingenuity, and reliability across a wide range of capabilities including cloud computing solutions, advanced wireless implementations, and tactical combat casualty care. Tribalco is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, with additional offices in California, South Korea and Florida.

We are actively seeking experienced and highly motivated Customer Support Analysts

Minimum Qualifications

US Secret Clearance

Two (2) years demonstrated experience in an Enterprise Service-Desk environment or four (4) years demonstrated experience in a Small/Medium Business Service Desk environment

One (1) year demonstrated supervisory experience in an Enterprise Service-Desk environment or two (2) years supervisory experience in a Small/Medium Business Service-Desk environment

Education and Certifications

Bachelors Degree from accredited college/university and four (4) years relevant work experience, or Associates Degree and six (6) years relevant work experience, or High School Diploma and eight (8) years relevant work experience.

One (1) of the following commercial certifications:

CompTIA Security+ (SY0-301)

International Information Systems Security Certification Consortium (ISC2) Certified Authorization Professional (CAP)

CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP)

Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)

ISC2 Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)

Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) Security Leadership Certification (GSLC)

Two (2) of the following commercial certifications:

Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS): Windows 2008 Active Directory, Configuring Server 2008 (70-640)

MCTS: Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure, Configuring Server 2008 (70-642)

Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012 Server 2012 (70-410)

Administering Windows Server 2012 Server 2012 (70-411)

Or One (1) of the following commercial certifications:

Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP): Enterprise Administrator on Windows Server 2008 MCITP (Enterprise Administrator)

MCITP: Server Administrator on Windows Server 2008 MCITP (Server Administrator)

Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)

Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE 2012)

Industry Recognized Customer Service Certification (HDI-CSR) or equivalent

ITIL v3 Foundation Certification

Compensation
Compensation is competitive and is commensurate with experience.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin.
Tribalco is an equal opportunity employer.
About Our Company:

Tribalco is a global systems integrator providing mission-critical information technology, telecommunications, and soldier survival solutions to government and commercial customers worldwide. For over 15 years, Tribalco has been providing defense, civilian government, and international customers with advanced engineering, installation, and O&M solutions in the world's most challenging and secure environments.

Founded in 2004, Tribalco is a CMMI® for Services Maturity Level 3 appraised and ISO 9001:2015 certified enterprise. As a named NSA Commercial Solutions for Classified Trusted Integrator, Tribalco develops, integrates, and deploys multi-layered NSA-compliant COTS-based solutions that enable customers to securely create, share, and protect their classified data. With headquarters in Maryland, regional offices in Florida, California, South Korea, and Germany and supporting satellite locations in Hawaii, Japan, The Marshall Islands and the Middle East, Tribalco competes internationally and performs with agility across the globe in dozens of countries. For additional information, please visit www.tribalco.com.
