At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems in air and space that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our work preserves freedom and democracy, and advances human discovery and our understanding of the universe. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have a lot of fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work - and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.

Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems (NGAS) is seeking a Program Control Analyst 2 in their San Diego, CA facility to support the Autonomous Systems Division.

Responsibilities will include;

This Program Control Analyst position will interface with the program managers, functional management, and cost account managers (CAMs) to provide financial and administrative support and analysis to meet program requirements. Candidate will have experience with Earned Value and performance measurement baseline concepts and be able to apply them to multiple contracts for control accounts within an engineering Integrated Product Team (IPT). Earned Value Management (EVM) tasks include: establishment of Work Breakdown Structure for execution of budgeted cost of work scheduled, assessment and maintenance of objective performance criteria, maintenance and justifications of estimates to complete, and support to internal and external reporting requirements for variance analysis. As well as, budget baseline, funding analysis, cost risk analysis/assessment and visibility reports, preparation of government cost performance reports and preparation and/or review of performance measurement variance analysis as well as development and analysis of estimates to complete.

This is a fast paced high energy environment that requires a self-motivated employee to join the team. The ideal candidate will possess the following traits and abilities: ability to use financial systems, with basic understanding of EVMS principles and hands on cost performance reporting/analysis skills; develop and implement solutions of moderate scope and complexity; analyze variances/trends and develop new methods and process techniques; work under very general supervision while completing numerous assignments per schedule and elevating potential issues to ensure proper management focus; exert some influence on peers and internal customers; good interpersonal skills while representing the group on special projects outside of own group.

This Program Control Analyst duties could include; support the development of budget baselines and maintain cost/schedule integration; support preparation of budgets, schedules, and ETC/EAC; perform and/or assist in financial performance analyses and visibility reporting; assist in the preparation and submittal of monthly CDRLs such as IPMR; support variance analysis reports; facilitate and support program monthly rhythm process, incorporate baseline changes into EVM system while utilizing Microframe Project Manager (MPM), SAP, Business Warehouse (BW), wInsight, MS Excel/Project/Powerpoint.

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications;

Bachelor's degree

3 years of related experience in financial analysis or related fields

Master's Degree with 1 year related experience in financial analysis or related fields

Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel and PowerPoint)

Preferred Qualifications;

Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or related

Financial forecasting experience with EVMS or government cost reporting

Knowledge of EVMS

Understanding of Business Systems (SAP/BW/MPM)

Security clearance or ability to obtain a clearance

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
