UC San Diego Policy will not allow this position to receive work visa sponsorship.

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus hiring. UCSD Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this time, please click here .

DESCRIPTION

UC San Diego is ranked the 9th best public university in the nation by U.S. News and World Report and is the largest employer based in San Diego County. Reporting to the VC-CFO, Information Technology Services (ITS) delivers Enterprise information technology services to the University of California, San Diego (UCSD) under the leadership of the campus Chief Information Officer (CIO).

Information Technology Services (IT Services) uses world-class services and technologies to empower UC San Diego's mission to transform California and the world as a student-centered, research-focused, service-oriented public university. As a strategic member of the UC San Diego community, IT Services embraces innovation in their delivery of IT services, infrastructure, applications, and support. IT Services is customer-focused and committed to collaboration, continuous improvement, and accountability.

Housing Dining Hospitality (HDH), a division of ITS, is a self-funded, large and complex campus department consisting of 9 divisions, with more than 600 staff employees, 700-800 student employees and an annual operating budget of $140 million. HDH provides housing for approximately 15,000 undergraduates, grad students, faculty, staff and their families in over 400 buildings and approximately 5.3 million sq. ft.

Currently, HDH houses 38% of UCSD's enrolled students with a goal of housing 50% in the near future. HDH also provides maintenance and repair, contract meals/meal plan management, as well as retail food service, conference services and catering services to student residents, faculty, staff, and campus visitors.

HDH has one of the largest and most geographically distributed IT infrastructures on campus and manages all services under the Information Technology umbrella. This includes development and maintenance of highly technical and complex computing environment including over a dozen enterprise applications, multiple complex platforms (HP-UNIX, Apple Macintosh, & MS Windows multi-core systems) serving every HDH division, Residential Life Services and the UCSD Campus. HDH-IT prides itself on providing excellent customer service and is known campus-wide for our quality, dedication and commitment. This position allows for the ability to work with a wide-range of people, from differing backgrounds and areas of technical expertise and have an important contribution towards the department reaching its goals and deliverables.

Candidates will be responsible for support of requests and provide business solutions and recommendations. Candidates will also participate in the conduct of projects facilitating the implementation of that work for all Housing, Dining and Hospitality areas. Currently, this department and its staff are growing and evolving to meet the new demands of the department as well as utilizing Lean Six Sigma projects to improve our services and technologies. The ideal candidate will enjoy the information systems analyst work, integration work, support, leadership and technical aspects of the career as well as the diverse cultural environment and opportunities that UCSD provides.
Occasional evenings and weekends may be required.
Position may require occasional nights and weekends.
Position requires on call work.
RESPONSIBILITIES: Applies professional concepts, departmental, unit and campus policies and procedures to resolve a variety of complex application and support issues in one or more IT areas of specialization. Analyzes and resolves complex issues. Within defined procedures and practices, determines appropriate action. Works closely with departmental and technical staff and leadership. Has responsibility for application management, support and development of Maximo, SharePoint, Kronos, Persona and other applications critical to the success of the department. Serves as a project coordinator on various departmental projects and services.

QUALIFICATIONS
A Bachelor's Degree in related area; and/or equivalent experience/training.
Proficient ability to install software and troubleshoot and repair moderately complex problems with computing devices, peripherals and software. Understanding of and experience troubleshooting client, server and peripherals-related issues and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance.
Demonstrated experience in incident response and digital forensics, including data collection, examination and analysis.
Thorough knowledge of business and process analysis functions in restaurants, markets, residential support/services and conference services. Knowledge of the design, development and application of technology and systems to meet business needs.
Working knowledge of database management systems and standards. Knowledge relating to database system design. Advanced database querying and modeling skills working with moderately complex databases.
Advanced skills associated with programming design, modification and implementation. Basic knowledge of secure software development. Demonstrated ability to create software specifications.
Familiarity with logical data design and data mapping or data conversion.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
Job offer is contingent on a clear background check.
Our employees enjoy competitive compensation packages and educational opportunities in a diverse, stimulating workforce.
This position is eligible for full:
Health/Dental/Vision Insurance
Vacation/Holidays (15 vacation days and 13 paid holidays a year)
Life Insurance
UC Retirement Plan.

For more information about UCSD Benefits please click here and visit UCSD Work/Life .

To calculate an approximate value of the UC Total Compensation package, please click here .
