About the Role:

Reporting to the Supervisor of IT Budget and Administration, the Project Analyst I will provide administrative, logistical, and analytical support to project teams. As a project analyst, you will take part in all aspects of a diverse IT project or multiple IT projects; as well as, use acquired skills to help resolve issues to ensure project goals/requirements are met. Additionally, the project analyst will be the contact/administrator for the IT department’s project tracking tool (FedPPM/Clarity).

You Will:
Create electronic forums for creating, collecting, organizing and sharing workgroup or project information
Organize communication among workgroup participants including tracking and monitoring action items and deliverables
Review and summarize workgroup materials
Help prepare and distribute workgroup charters, surveys, and other member communications
Collect and analyze information to support workgroup goals
Organize workgroup or project team event agendas and logistics, coordinate meeting participants and materials, and track event expenses and contracts
Capture, distribute for review, and post event minutes and provide support to event attendees
You Have:
A Bachelor`s degree in related field of study
One year of work experience leading work teams to accomplish specific goals
Experience organizing group meetings and activities
Experience with understanding and applying relevant policies
Experience creating electronic collaboration resources
Basic skills in Visio, MS Access, and MS Project
Must be highly organized, detail oriented and able to quickly learn new technical concepts or terms
Demonstrated initiative in completing and taking on new assignments
Equivalent education and/or experience may be substituted for any of the above requirements
Why the Dallas Fed?

We are dedicated to serving the public by promoting a strong financial system and a healthy economy for all. These efforts take a team of dedicated individuals doing many different jobs. Together we’re creating a workplace where talented people can thrive, and we welcome your unique background and perspective to help present the best possible solutions for our partners.

Our Benefits:

Our total rewards program offers benefits that are the best fit for you at every stage of your career:
Comprehensive healthcare options (Medical, Dental, and Vision)
401K match, and a fully funded pension plan
Paid vacation, holidays, and volunteer hours; flexible work environment
Generously subsidized public transportation and free parking
Annual tuition reimbursement
Professional development programs, training and conferences
And more…
Notes:

This position may be filled at various levels based on candidate's qualifications as determined by the department.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes in the diversity of our people, ideas and experiences, and we are committed to building an inclusive culture that represents the communities we serve.

If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please notify your Talent Acquisition Consultant.
