The Abandoned and Unclaimed Property (AUP) Associate Consultant works with a team to assist clients with their compliance of state unclaimed property laws. Compliance activities may include frequently performing process-oriented tasks, assisting the project team with preparing annual unclaimed property reports, and coordinating state payments where applicable. Incumbent must be very detail oriented and exhibit excellent organizational skills. The Associate Consultant will be receiving and making many phone calls throughout the day. The Associate Consultant is responsible for creating positive team member experiences, which lead to excellent client service and drive revenue and profit for the Firm.

The ideal candidate with have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, coupled with strong people skills. Successful Ryan team members embrace and live Ryan’s values of Pursue Excellence, Wired to Win, Generosity Matters, Build Trust and Integrity Always and will embody and demonstrate accountability.

Duties and responsibilities, as they align to Ryan’s Key Results

People:
Create a positive team member experience.
Client:
Responds to client inquiries and requests from tax authorities.
Value:
Manage a portfolio of assigned lost/dormant account holder accounts.
Proactive outreach against assigned accounts. Outreach often done via mail, e-mail and phone.
Prepare and send correspondence against assigned accounts.
Receive and make calls to explain Search, Location and Recovery process. Develop an understanding of Probate and Intestate law to help establish the correct heir(s) on decedent accounts.
Send out agreements and follow-up on those documents to ensure the timely execution and return of signed agreements.
Receive and process Authorization documents necessary to facilitate the recovery process. Answer questions with regards to the recovery documents and make outgoing calls where necessary to ensure the timely return of the completed Authorization documents.
Handles tasks in a timely manner with a high degree of accuracy.
Demonstrates a strong work ethic and a high degree of integrity.
Organizes and prioritizes multiple tasks under time constraints.
Handles and safeguards confidential information.
Supports management in the AUP practice with client-related tasks.
Desire to perform in a high-energy team environment.
Demonstrated leadership, problem solving, and strong verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to prioritize tasks, work on multiple assignments, and manage ambiguity.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team with professionals at all levels.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Education and Experience:

Two-year (associate) college degree, with minimum of three years related practice-specific experience OR four-year, any major, degree from accredited university, with minimum overall GPA of 2.80. No experience required.

Computer Skills:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must have intermediate knowledge of Microsoft® Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Internet navigation and research.

Certificates and Licenses:

Valid driver’s license required.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

This position has no supervisory responsibilities.

Work Environment:
Standard indoor working environment.
Occasional long periods of sitting or standing while working.
Occasional long periods of standing while copying.
Position requires regular interaction with employees and clients both in person, via e-mail and telephone.
Independent travel requirement: 20 - 40%
Equal Opportunity Employer: disability/veteran
