Who we are


Collaborative.
Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that
describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world’s most admired
brands, Toyota
is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality
solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We’re looking
for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow.
with us.

An important part of the Toyota family is Toyota Financial
Services (TFS), the finance and insurance brand for Toyota and Lexus in North
America. While TFS is a separate business entity, it is an essential part of
this world-changing company – delivering on Toyota’s vision to move people
beyond what’s possible. At TFS, you will help create best-in-class customer
experiences in an innovative, collaborative environment.

Who
we’re looking for

The TFS
Information Digital Systems Department is looking for a passionate and highly-motivated
BSA Analyst.

The BSA Analystis a senior subject matter expert within the IT
Development Factory with the ability to collaborate with and act as a liaison
to multiple and diverse business groups and technologies. Key responsibilities
include:
Act as liaison and primary contact to Business
Units, Integration/Infrastructure, Architecture and PMO, providing an
advocate for technology initiatives within assigned domain
Participate in multiple technology and/ or business
releases and play a key role as subject matter expert for successful
implementation
Assist
managers in change management efforts related to organization, and
short-and long-term strategic plans and goals
What you’ll be doing
Drive User Story generation across business
and technology teams to support a healthy backlog of capability development
within assigned domain
Identify potential new and improved
technical directions, develop strategic options/ approaches to recommend to
management
Act as critical advisor to the team,
providing deep functional expertise in the work plan, standards, process and
procedures, and change management efforts
Conduct all phases of complex analysis to
prioritize making recommendations toward solutions, and manage resources to
achieve unit, division and corporate goals.
Work closely with the IT Governing Groups to
ensure Development Standards are met
May direct work to vendors and consultants
Partner with Production Support Team to
provide Level 3 Development deliverables in adherence to Service Management
service levels
Proactively seek opportunities for process
improvement and cost reduction
Assist managers in developing annual and
multi-year department objectives and strategies

What you bring
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Mathematics or related discipline, or equivalent job experience is required
Progressive, broad based IT experience participating in Agile Development efforts and playing a key role toward successful implementation of the initiatives
Knowledgeable of Agile Concepts and Toolsets (Sprint Planning, User Stories, and/or Jira, etc.)
Strong understanding of company and Industry standards and best practices in all areas of technology delivery
Ability to effectively interface with all departments within a large Enterprise environment
Ability to work with limited supervision, having significant latitude for independent judgment
High-Level communication skills to collaborate, influence, and persuade others
Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to create and present concepts and recommendations to senior management
Ability to adopt to rapidly changing technology and apply it to business needs
Strong in use of business analysis tools such as, Microsoft office suite, visualization, and requirements management tools to interpret, condense, and communicate complex graphical and statistical information
Experience supporting retail lease portfolio applications
Experience in Auto Finance industry
Experience with financial audits, SOX controls and other regulatory institutions and practices
Added Bonus if you have
Certification of Competency in Business Analysis (CCBA), Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP), Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), Information Technology industry certifications in Information Technology Service management (ITIL), or Agile certification
Advanced degree – Master of Business Administration with a concentration in an Information Technology related area
What we’ll bring

During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include:
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement
Vehicle purchase & lease programs
Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family
Flexible work options based on business needs
Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute
Paid holidays and paid time off
Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, child care, schools and more
Flexible spending accounts
Relocation assistance
Onsite amenities such as fitness center, restaurants, etc.
What you should know

Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.

Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com!

To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time
