Axxess | The Best Place to Work in Technology

Who we are looking for...

AQA Analyst seeking an opportunity to develop and create cutting-edge solutions for our products and services, while being part of something extraordinary.

What you will do…
Develop new web applications using customized, open-source, and off-the-shelf applications and components.
Maintain and enhance existing web applications and all internal integrated systems.
Deliver new functionality and change requests for existing applications.
Participate in the ongoing development of applications that meet the needs of our customers.
Design and implement user-driven templates, databases and interfaces (for ease of use).
Develop database-driven web interfaces for rapid, real-time information sharing.
Develop external web portals allowing users to input and retrieve accurate information.
Candidate must be a team player and willing to teach and to learn.
Review and analyze business and functional requirements and design document to design sound testing strategies
Responsible for testing of a product, including writing the test plans and test cases, writing automation scripts, and testing the complete application from the UI through to the back-end.
Perform detailed cross-browser/cross-device testing, browser-based testing, mobile testing
Maintain requirements traceability with test case coverage
Provide expertise in understanding what to test, as well as how it should be tested
Implement test methodology best practices as defined by departmental standards
Advocate for testing standards
Must maintain strong relationships with internal customers
Facilitate testing meetings, summarize results, issue/defect reporting, maintain metrics and provide go/no go recommendation
Review software and production issues as they occur for a holistic analysis of the impacts and possible causes
Create, execute, and document test plans and test cases (UAT, Integration, End-to-End, Regression, Beta), ensuring functional coverage and application performance
What you bring?
3+ years as a professional Quality Assurance Analyst testing (6+ years if no University degree) applications with high volume and high-reliability requirements
Ability to work effectively with little supervision and strong attention to detail in a team environment
Aptitude for learning new technologies; supported by solid problem solving and troubleshooting skills
Ability to work well with a variety of people with varying technical skill sets
Ability to leverage experience to deliver reliable and repeatable tests
Broad understanding of quality engineering principles and test methodologies
Ability to contribute to a vision of future state of testing by troubleshooting hardware and software issues
Basic SQL, Unix/Linux skills
Experience in manual testing
Experience with Load/Performance testing concepts
Excellent communication skills (written, verbal and listening)
1-year experience in functional, integration or system testing web based applications desired
Experience executing test plans and scripts and verifying expected results
Experience with automated testing tools
Strong understanding of common software development life cycles (waterfall, iterative, agile) and contemporary software quality assurance processes and automated tools
Who we are...

Axxess offers a complete suite of easy-to-use, innovative software solutions, empowering home health, home care and hospice providers to grow their business while making lives better. Our collaborative culture focuses on innovation and excellence making us a nationally recognized “Best Place to Work”.

What will you experience?
Casual Friday, Everyday
Free Beverages, Snacks and Lunch (on Monday).
15 PTO (Paid-Time-Off) Days + Holidays + Birthdays off
Monthly Happy Hours
Holiday and Employee Celebrations
Game On! Xbox, Pool, Chess and more…
Free onsite employee gym
Genuine respect for work-life balance
And so much more…
We offer a competitive compensation package (DOE), full benefit selection, matching 401k and growth opportunities for everyone who joins Axxess. Axxess is an EOE and drug free workplace. All applicants must be authorized to work in and currently reside in the United States.

Simply put, we do things our own way:The Axxess Way Checkus out and see why we are different!

NO AGENCIES OR 3RD PARTY INQUIRIES - PLEASE
