Job Description
Job Title: Business Analyst

Department: Business Analyst

Reports to: Project Team Lead

SUMMARY

Join Aperia Solutions, a leader in SaaS solutions for the Payments and Compliance industries. Aperia has been developing and hosting complex, data intensive business applications for more than a decade. The company's management team has extensive experience in finance, data security, compliance, and business consulting which continues to fuel its rapid growth.

Aperia offers a competitive salary package and a great work environment with excellent people.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conduct business process analysis and requirements gathering sessions
Develop user stories and functional requirement specifications for consolidated Contact Center web applications via JIRA
Assist in method definition for API integration to third party applications
Clearly communicate with clients and project teams via email and conference calls
Coordinate product deployments and write release communications
Ensure collaborative outcomes by establishing and promoting strong client partnerships
Work collaboratively with PMO, Design, IT, Development, QA, and Business Analysis teams
Participate in QA/UAT testing process as needed
Responsible for the successful definition, testing, management, and launch of product
Responsible for maintenance and product enhancements post launch
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business, or Marketing. Other disciplines or experience substitutions maybe considered.
2-3 years of experience in a BA role with increasing responsibility
Requirements gathering, data modeling, API integration, and specifications for new web applications
Relational databases and SQL query tools
QA use cases, QA testing, and Bug Tracking tools
Software Project Management
Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills
Proficiency in Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and Word is a must
Experience with JSON and XML data structures
Experience writing T-SQL queries
Experience in the Financial or Electronic Payment Processing industry, with Contact Center software, and/or JIRA is a plus
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS
Must be willing to submit to a background investigation and drug test as part of the selection process
This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. An employee may also perform other reasonable related business duties as assigned by their immediate supervisor or management.

Principals only. Recruiters please don't contact this job poster.

DO NOT contact us with unsolicited services or offers.

Powered by JazzHR

34Q08yFcBq
