Your Team

The Information Mosaic Team architects and delivers intelligent post-trade software applications to the capital markets globally. This role would sit specifically within the business analysis function, reporting into the Business Analysis Director. We describe ourselves as a collaborative and supportive team; working within an encouraging and open environment.

Your Role

You are a creative thinker, who is self- driven, takes initiative and ownership in your daily responsibilities. You enjoy developing innovative solutions to a variety of complex problems. You will contribute and make an impact towards delivering successful and effective outcomes to our clients.

Responsibilities
Actively contribute in client engagements and requirement workshops
Understand the underlying business, implementation & product usage of assigned client/s
Elaborate and deliver clearly defined requirement documents without subsequent change requests
Work closely with product design & development team to analyze and design functional enhancements
Provide onsite product consultancy and assist the client with acceptance criteria gathering and support throughout the project life-cycle
Provide assistance and business expertise to the Support Team and the QA Team in verifying client reported issues and internally raised issues
Work with the client to define the most optimal future state operational process and related product configuration.
Ability to take ownership of a client from initiation to go live, through business process mapping, requirements analysis, UAT, go live support.
Manage scope by providing innovative solutions and challenging all new client requirements and change requests but simultaneously ensuring that client gets the required business value.
Your expertise

You have:
4+ years of experience as a Business Analyst/Implementation Consultant in the financial services sector (Asset Servicing experience ideal)
Detailed knowledge of Capital Markets
University degree in relevant business/finance discipline or equivalent years of experience
Excellent communicator with client presentation experience
Delivery focused with good time management and personal organisational skills.
Ability to build and maintain strong relationships both internally & externally with clients
Self-motivated with capability to formulate and apply new ideas both independently and quickly, is crucial
Travel is required
It's a bonus if you also have:
Understanding and experience of the agile software development process and overall project life cycle.
A proven ability to elicit requirements, identify solutions & complete requirement documentation.
Experience of industry standard interfaces is an advantage (e.g. SWIFT, XML)
User acceptance testing experience.
Open to extended period(s) onsite with client
IHS Markit is committed to providing equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the laws and regulations in any of our locations.

We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up.

IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, as a federal contractor in the United States, the company participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work.

For information please click on the following links:

IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct
Right to Work
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Pay Transparency Statement Current Colleagues

If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site.
