Kelly Services is seeking a Senior Business Analyst for a well-known health insurer in Richardson, TX.

Job Title: Senior Business Analyst
Location: Richardson, TX 75082
Job Type: Contract (On-Site)
Length: 6-Months
Est. Start Date: 7/20/2020
Hours: 40 hours/week, 8 hours/day
Pay Rate: $32 - $36 per hour

Description:

This position is responsible for but not limited to the drafting, preparation, and maintenance of SBC’s (summary of benefit coverage). Working in a team environment this position will interpret health benefits and prepare documentation that will be distributed to health plan members. This position will work with teams that file documentation with Federal and State Insurance Regulators, and will be required to maintain the highest level of quality. This position will be required to regularly speak with legal counsel, product teams, and other internal stakeholders to ensure that all language on SBC’s are interpreted truthfully and accurately.

The ideal candidate will possess a curiosity about insurance regulations/standards, process improvement, and the overall operation of contract administration. The ideal candidate will have a desire to complete all of their work timely and of the highest quality standards. The ideal candidate needs to be a results-oriented person that is able to work autonomously towards achieving goals. The ideal candidate will possess the highest level of integrity and the desire to always do what is right. The ideal candidate has initiative and is willing to step in and step up wherever the demand of the job calls.

FUNDAMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Basic MS Office understanding
Solid communication skills, written and verbal
Ability to meet strict deadlines
Works well in a team environment
Has a self-starter mindset
A willingness to learn new things
A Bachelor’s degree from accredited university
PREFERRED JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Experience in the health insurance industry
Experience in healthcare
Experience working with benefits
Advanced MS Office understanding and utilization
Strong Project Management skills and/or experience
Experience in the customer service industry
Ability to work with executive level personnel.
JIRA experience and usage
Lotus Notes experience and usage
Strong data analysis background
Excellent Excel Skills, Attention Detail, Health Care Basic Knowledge
APPLY TODAY!

**Important information: This position is recruited for by a remote Kelly office, not your local Kelly branch. If you have questions about the position, you may contact the recruiter recruiting for this position Robv492@kellyservices.com however, your resume should be uploaded via the “SUBMIT RESUME” button included within**

Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
