Job ID: 91649
Required Travel :Minimal
Managerial - No
Who are we?
At Amdocs, our purpose is to enrich lives and progress society. With our creativity and technology, we help make a better connected world. Amdocs and its 25,000 employees serve the leading players in the communications and media industry, enabling next-generation experiences in 85 countries. Our cloud-native, open and dynamic portfolio of digital solutions, platforms and services brings greater choice, faster time to market and flexibility, to better meet the evolving needs of our customers as they drive growth, transform and take their business to the cloud. Listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, Amdocs had revenue of $4.1 billion in fiscal 2019. For more information, visit Amdocs at http://www.amdocs.com
In one sentence
The Business Analyst has a broad and deep knowledge of the environments, relevant regulatory, compliance and governance frameworks as well as industry standard processes
and leverages the expertise with Veracode, Qualys and other vulnerability reports analysis to execute risk assessment / mitigation.
What will your job look like?
Investigate and document application vulnerabilities, End of Life and End of Support
Work with Product Owner and Scrum teams to fix detected vulnerabilities
Execute risk assessment / mitigation
Facilitate the warm handoff between "Just do it" work and EOL/complex work
Stay current on IT security trends and news.
Research security enhancements and make recommendations to management.
Stay up-to-date on information technology trends and security standards.
All you need is...
Bachelor's degree in computer science
Experience in IT of Financial industry and banking domain
At least 5 years of practical experience in system analysis, working with the client on the requirements and processes definition, in a variety of complex situations
Experience with SAST and DAST tools
(SAST - Static Application Security Testing, DAST – Dynamic Application Security Testing)
Deep understanding of application security vulnerabilities and threat and mitigations.
Familiar with OWASP top ten security risks, like injection, cross-site scripting, weak encryption, broken authentication, etc.
Experience writing technical stories in JIRA/confluence using industry standard notations
Details oriented.
Problem solving capabilities
Excellent verbal and written skills are critical since this job primarily entails communicating technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences
Why you will love this job:
You will be able to use your specific insights and deep knowledge of customers’ business environments to influence decisions impacting customer to optimal solution design.
You will be a key member of a global, dynamic and highly collaborative team with various possibilities for personal and professional development
You will have the opportunity to work in multinational environment for the global market leader in its field

Nearest Major Market: Dallas
Nearest Secondary Market: Fort Worth
