Job Description
Title: Business Systems Analyst

Location: Wilmington DE

Duration: long term

Interview Process: Telephonic followed by Inperson

?

Description:

?

Ensure that all business requirements are captured as user stories and ensure that the technical /development resources understand the business ?ask? and are able to build against it and ensure the final product is built as requested.?
? Support the product owner(s) in defining the overall user experience and engage appropriate technical team(s), UIX design team and business group(s) to elicit, interpret, analyze and validate requirements for new functionality being requested by business groups and generate the system requirements in user story format for technical team(s).?
? Work in collaboration with Product Owners with creation of stories, feature decomposition, documentation and managing dependencies, and story templates for repeatable features.?
? Work with Product Owner to drive team to 3 sprints of groomed stories.?
? Support the Product Owner on the health of the backlog, execute continuous requirements elicitation, story level grooming activities and ensure stories meet the definition of ?ready?.?
? Transform business requirements into technical, or system requirements to be documented as supporting artifacts in stories to be built and delivered by the team.?
? Resolve requirement related impediments affecting the team?s progress.?
? Facilitate pre-grooming and grooming sessions, as required, to ensure scope and the definition of successful completion for the project is understood by the team.?
? Assist Product Owner in prioritization of user stories?
? Responsible to have an in depth business and technical knowledge of the applications you support. Consistently improve on business and technical knowledge.?
? Active participation in Progressive Elaboration sessions, and any other requirements and/or project planning sessions.?
? Active participant in the Business Systems Analyst Community of Practice to contribute to and maintain standards, best practices, skills, and any other discipline specific to the Business Systems Analyst role.?
? Own the updating of stories and communication of the changes to the requirements and functionality appropriately across the team.?
? Adhere to all standards, policies and governance practices.?
? Adhere to all administrative responsibilities.?
? Support QA Test Engineers with Test Case creation and guidance. Support QA to clarify requirements.?
? Support Team day to day throughout a sprint to quickly answer questions resolve requirements concerns.?
? Support QA to clarify requirements
