At SMITH, we develop world-class experiential commerce solutions to help brands architect the most relevant, frictionless commerce experiences possible. We work at a high tempo, we collaborate, we’re passionate about our work with clients, and we deliver.

The market demand for our services has fueled our growth - we're currently seeking an SAP Hybris Business Analyst to join our team.

Who you are
Well-spoken and customer facing, you have the ability to present ideas in user-friendly language
A self-starter, able to keep up in a fast paced environment, a team player, capable of juggling multiple projects, and a curious learner
A self-directed, trusted liaison among stakeholders that understands structure, policies and operations of a client accounts
A synthesizer adept at recommending SAP Hybris solutions that enable clients to meet their business goals.
What you’ll do Sales Support
Provide proposal preparation support to Delivery Managers
Provide cross-reference of customers’ requirements against CS/CL/SP/Services component features
Provide SAP Hybris business solution domain expertise to Delivery Managers
Solution Delivery
Provide SAP Hybris business solution domain expertise when engaging clients, guiding them to the best practices for their needs
Gather business, functional and user requirements into a solution requirements specification
Define the vision statement and business objectives for the customer, ensuring that it fulfills the customer needs
Participate in systems analysis and high-level design; identify, troubleshoot, and escalate risks throughout the lifecycle
Lead dynamic & interactive requirements gathering sessions with stakeholders throughout the enterprise, leveraging findings and recommendations from Analytics, User Experience, and Development teams
Communicate clients' processes and requirements to the project team
Develop functional requirements documentation in the form of user stories, process flows, and user acceptance criteria. Support QA and UAT efforts.
What we look for
5+ years of full-lifecycle SAP Hybris project experience
Served as a business analyst on ecommerce engagements/projects; consulting experience preferred.
What grabs our attention
Strong facilitation, negotiation, and conflict-resolution skills
Adaptability and capacity to work effectively in an environment where priorities change frequently
Superior communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to develop and foster long-term relationships
PMP certification
SMITH | The Architects of Future Commerce

The next big thing isn’t what you’ll buy, it’s how you’ll buy it. SMITH is a values-driven digital transformation agency with one mission: to make buying and selling awesome. For more than 20 years, SMITH has worked in partnership with the world's most respected B2B and B2C brands to deliver better business outcomes with design thinking and technology enablement that puts their customers at the center. Key partnerships with technology platforms including SAP Hybris, Adobe, Episerver, and Sitecore support the delivery of best-of-breed digital content and commerce experiences, while SMITH Labs builds tomorrow's experiences with the Elements of Future Commerce, including AR, VR, AI, Conversation, and Emotion-sensing interfaces. Offices in Gatineau, Seattle, Dayton, and Spokane service clients including Air Canada Vacations, AT&T, PCNA, Honeywell, Microsoft, and more. Learn more at SMITH.co
