Job Title: Business Analyst
Contract Length: 2 Months
Location: Allen, TX 75002

DESCRIPTION:
The Claims Business Intelligence Analyst applies skills and experience to analytics and product management in support of our business intelligence tool. This position will work closely with the quality control team, the finance group and the broader analytics team, to integrate new data sets, build dashboards, support internal and external users, and perform ongoing enhancements:
Develop advanced excel models to assist in reporting and analysis
Track financial performance for operational programs and initiatives
Utilize complex financial models that incorporate all relevant metrics and drivers of the business
Implement business tools and processes and coordinate training efforts as assigned
Identify and develop reports to assist management with status of workflow within the department and interrelated departments
Collect, analyze and report on key drivers and metrics
Recommend and participate in process improvement initiatives related to business unit objectives
Assist in strategic planning process throughout organization, including monitoring and executing strategic initiatives, as requested.
Prepare competitive analysis, market research, and client analysis
Develop, write, publish and maintain documentation in support of manual or automated systems and processes, including screen layouts, reports, interfaces, analytics, etc.
Knowledge and Skills:
" Ability to building and maintaining dashboards in a Business Intelligence tool.
" Demonstrates ability of analytics, data manipulation, and working with and evaluate data.
" Strong written and oral communication skills; must be able to explain data and dashboards to an audience with a variety of technical skills.
" Ability to identify, analyze, and resolve problems in a timely manner; is detail oriented.
" Ability to demonstrate accuracy and thoroughness, monitor own work to ensure quality and display a willingness to apply feedback from peers / management in order to improve performance.
" Ability to adapt to changes in the work environment, manage competing priorities, and able to deal with frequent changes, delays and/or unexpected events.
" Ability to work independently in a multi-tasked environment.
" Demonstrates excellent organizational skills.
" Self-motivated and proactive attitude to work.
" Ability to learn and understand new products quickly.

REQUIRED SKILLS:

High level of proficiency in developing financial models
Strong analytical and problem solving capability.
Proficiency in Visio, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint) and SharePoint.
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to present ideas and information in a clear, concise, organized and diplomatic manner; ask appropriate questions in order to obtain information; listen to others to respond effectively to ideas and questions.
Excellent organizational and planning skills with ability to set goals and objectives, and timelines to efficiently meet tasks.
Excellent interpersonal skills and professional image.
Proficiency with project planning software tools, preferably Microsoft Project, a plus.
REQUIRED EDUCATION:
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Math, Statistics, Engineering or other related quantitative discipline.
Minimum of two (2) years' work experience, preferably as a Business Analyst or Financial Analyst, or the equivalent experience
Experience:
" 2+ years' experience in analytics and/or Business Intelligence tool support, building dashboards and evaluating data.
" Experience in the insurance claims industry, finance or weather analytics strongly preferred.
" Experience in analytics or related quantitative field; understand the basics of data analysis, data manipulation, and seeing the relationships between different data sources.
" Experience with Tableau, Micro strategy and Business Objects preferred.
