Technology Business Analyst - Dallas, TX

About the team:

Capco is a fully independent, global management and technology consultancy. For nearly 20 years we have combined innovative thinking with deep industry knowledge to deliver business consulting, digital transformation and technology services to Finance and Energy markets. Our collaborative and efficient approach helps clients reduce costs and manage risk and regulatory change while increasing revenues. We are thinkers, innovators, and disruptors. We are small enough to care but large enough to matter

About the Job:

This position involves analysis, design, and consulting support, as well as developing an understanding of our clients' strategic direction, issues, and project goals. The successful candidate must be able to bridge the gap between user-functionality and system developers and assist in documenting, evaluating, and translating business architectures and needs into IT applications. An understanding of consulting methodologies within the financial services /Energy industry (Strategy work, business case development, process mapping, the lifecycle of project implementation, requirements gathering, competitive assessment) is an essential factor for success in this role.

What You'll Get to Do:
Preparing, facilitating, documenting and participating in client meetings/workshops conducting a structured gathering, research, and analysis o Developing and evaluating procedures, controls, user requirements, and functional specifications to identify gaps between the current state and future state
Creating business requirement documents (BRD's) into use cases/functional specifications for customization
Requirements gathering, functional requirements, user stories, and documentation business/data/application/technology architectures, requirements and business rules
Business process models/design, logical data models, standards and guidance
Documenting and explaining problems and works to resolve software defects while ensuring technical compatibility and end-user satisfaction
Analyzing, developing and proposing enhancements to current business processes, reports and applications in order to optimize system effectiveness
Conducting customer interviews and producing meeting summaries
Conducting market/client research and industry analysis of requirements
Producing high-quality verbal and written consulting deliverables (including proposals, customer presentations, consulting reports) to effectively communicate project findings
Generating re-usable intellectual capital in the form of consulting methodology and templates, blueprints and business cases
Basic scripting and project plans
What You'll Bring with You:
2+ years of experience relevant experience required
Experience working for a management consulting firm required
Bachelor's degree required; major in MIS, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, Business or Financial Engineering preferred
An advanced degree is desirable
Background in financial services or energy a plus
Solid Business Analyst skills, including experience interviewing client executives to gather and document business requirements and process mapping
Strong presentation skills, extensive experience writing successful project proposals, experience planning and executing related projects
Ability to demonstrate project management skills and experience
Why Capco?

You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers – we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.

We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.

Ready to get started?

If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
