Job Title: Business Analyst

Department: Business Analyst

Reports to: Client Operations Manager

*Temporary remote position due to Covid19*

SUMMARY

Join Aperia Solutions, a leader in SaaS solutions for the Payments and Compliance industries. Aperia has been developing and hosting complex, data intensive business applications for more than a decade. The company's management team has extensive experience in finance, data security, compliance, and business consulting which continues to fuel its rapid growth.

Aperia offers a competitive salary package and a great work environment with excellent people.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Manage client accounts, relationships, main point of contact for day-to-day operations, issues, escalations, and projects as a primary analyst
Ensure collaborative outcomes by establishing and promoting strong client partnerships
Conduct requirements definition sessions and contribute to entity relationship definitions process and SDLC as needed
Develop functional requirement specifications for new modules within the Electronic Payment Processing product line
Coordinate product deployments and write release communications
Work collaboratively with PMO, Design, IT, Development, QA, and Business Analysis teams
Participate in QA/UAT Testing process as needed
Act as a SME for your product line and conduct training sessions as appropriate
Monitor client backend processes and work with appropriate teams to resolve issues in an extensive ETL environment
Run data queries to identify customer billing issues and recommend solutions based on contractual obligations
Responsible for the successful definition, testing, management, and launch of product modules
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Business, or Marketing. Other disciplines or experience substitutions maybe considered.
3+ years of experience in a BA role with increasing responsibility
Requirements gathering, data modeling, and specifications for new web applications
Relational databases and SQL query tools
QA use cases, QA testing, and Bug Tracking tools
Software Project Management
Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills
Proficient in Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and Word is a must
Previous programming experience and writing T-SQL queries is a plus
Experience in the Financial or Electronic Payment Processing industry is a plus
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS
Must be willing to submit to a background investigation and drug test as part of the selection process
This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. An employee may also perform other reasonable related business duties as assigned by their immediate supervisor or management.

Principals only. Recruiters please don't contact this job poster.

DO NOT contact us with unsolicited services or offers.

Powered by JazzHR
