Requisition ID:
vl-00002955
Simply email resume to careers@cambiumlearning.com

Senior Business Systems Analyst


Location: Dallas, TX
Duration: Full-Time

Description:

Cambium Learning® Group is an award-winning educational technology solutions leader dedicated to helping all students reach their potential through individualized and differentiated instruction. Using a research-based, personalized approach, Cambium Learning Group delivers SaaS resources and instructional products that engage students and support teachers in fun, positive, safe and scalable environments. These solutions are provided through Learning A-Z® (online differentiated instruction for elementary school reading, writing and science), ExploreLearning® (online interactive math and science simulations, a math fact fluency solution, and a K–2 science solution), Voyager Sopris Learning® (blended solutions that accelerate struggling learners to achieve in literacy and math and professional development for teachers), and VKidz Learning (online comprehensive homeschool education and programs for literacy and science). We believe that every student has unlimited potential, that teachers matter, and that data, instruction, and practice are the keys to success in the classroom and beyond.

The Senior Business Systems Analyst is a key member of the finance department and will work closely with accounting, HR, finance, and IT. Successful candidates will be able to manage competing priorities to meet goals and deadlines. Responsibilities include report design and maintenance for Cambium’s instance of Workday financials, advising key stakeholders, assisting with post implementation enhancements, testing and implementing new features, supporting the audit process, and maintaining data integrity.

Essential Job Functions:
Designing, testing and updating reports to support various users
Configure, test and update Workday with new releases and features
Create a process to request changes and track issues or modification requests
Support business users by answering questions, addressing issues, or troubleshooting
Design, update, and monitor system integrations
Create, maintain and distribute training materials for various Workday users
Collaborate with users to assess business needs and recommend Workday system solutions to efficiently meet changing business needs
Support internal control process and support the annual audit process
Ensure data integrity
Perform various related ad hoc projects
Required Skills and Abilities:
Bachelors/ 4 year degree in Accounting/Finance, Information Systems or Computer Science
2+ years of Workday Financials experience
Experience in Workday report writer
Required Skills and Abilities:
Workday Certifications are a plus
Proficient with word and excel, including pivot tables and vlookups
Strong verbal and written communication skills required
Strong initiative and energetic personality required
Detail oriented
Ability to multi-task
To apply for this opportunity, simply click on the “Apply Now” button and submit a cover letter and resume or email your resume and cover letter to career@cambiumlearning.com. Please include the job title and requisition number in the subject line of the email.

EOE including Disabled and Vets. VEVRAA Federal Contractor.
