State:
Texas

City:
Coppell

Interest:
Production - Consumer Direct-14002

External Description:
Caliber Home Loans, Inc. is a full-service national mortgage lender and agency direct seller/servicer. Caliber originates loans through various channels and transaction types, including a network of retail branches, wholesale lending, correspondent and emerging banker lending, and a consumer-direct centralized operation specializing in a variety of loan programs for purchase and refinance such as conforming, jumbo, and government products. Caliber also offers innovative servicing solutions for both conforming and non-conforming loans. Caliber is led by a veteran senior management team that consists of mortgage banking professionals with a history of building successful national mortgage operations. Caliber is owned by Lone Star Funds, a global private equity fund.

POSITION SUMMARY

The Business Support is responsible for overseeing deployment, UAT, maintenance and support for DTC systems including, but not limited to, ignite, QQ BOLT, Salesforce, Ring Central and H2O. The individual will be considered the expert in DTC Salesforce and will be relied upon for trouble shooting, testing, and training.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
UAT of all DTC systems with a focus on Salesforce and Ring Central.
Perform post release validation of all DTC systems with a focus on Salesforce and Ring Central.
Coordinate with training on updated system enhancments.
Triage, floor support and escalation management for production users.
Create and maintain backlog of tickets for Salesforce for future prioritization.
Responsible for improving customer support by demonstrating greater return on investment.
Enforce formal procedures for consistency and increased productivity.
Support the day to day operational and tactical activities for the assigned department
Assist in additional projects as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field preferred.
1+ years of technical support experience
Knowledge of Windows Active Directory Infrastructure and Networking.
Knowledge of SalesForce preferred
Knowledge of support and troubleshooting in Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office environments.
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and time manage.
Ability to work autonomously under minimal supervision.
Strong customer service orientation.
Self-starter with initiative, strong organizational skills, project management skills, decision making and leaderships skills.
Knowledge of Mortgage Banking Industry preferred.
Basic powerpoint, excel knowledge

Alternate Locations:
