The Business Analyst I is an analyst role which supports the line of business and works with the management team. Partners with the line of business on operational requirements and oversees complex operational and analytic tasks and projects including reviewing report performance data and performance against established metrics. Helps the business to define reporting requirements and analysis of data to assist the business in meeting operational objectives. Interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to more complex data mining independently. Focus is on process improvement and compliance with internal or external audit. Responsible for supporting the coordination and execution of a variety of critical activities including strategic and tactical initiatives. Provides guidance to more junior analysts. Creates and recommends reporting solutions to meet the need of the business. As a Business Analyst I, you will be responsible for: • Developing and maintaining analytical reports and metrics using SQL (Toad, Passport, etc) or equivalent reporting tools to assist the business in meeting operational objectives. • Partnering with process owners to determine and refine reporting and analysis requirements. • Developing, testing, and implementing daily, weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reports that enable data driven business decisions. • Writing, maintaining, and troubleshooting data requests and/or queries to support the business. • Help design, develop, and document reporting requirements as defined by the business. • All other projects or tasks as assigned. Qualifications • Bachelor's degree or equivalent preferred • Three to five year's mortgage servicing experience with focus on Loan Modifications or Document Operations highly desired • Fidelity/MSP experience is highly desired • Background using SQL • MS Access/VBA knowledge building and maintaining databases • Strong working knowledge of all Microsoft applications (Excel, Word, Visio, Outlook)
