Location: Arlington
What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you'll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We're the world's leading research and advisory company, achieving consistent double-digit growth by steering clients toward the right decisions with business and technology insights they can't find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development - as well as unlimited growth opportunities. If you like working with a curious, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is the place for you.

Gartner Digital Markets is a business unit within Gartner. Our mission is to help small businesses make the right technology decisions and find the tools they need to grow, optimize, and become more effective at what they do. The business is comprised of three leading brands-Capterra, Software Advice, and GetApp. For candidates interested in taking their next career step in the technology space, Gartner Digital Markets offers the fast pace and excitement of working for a startup, the stability and resources of a large, established organization, and the opportunity to be on the front lines of innovation in an industry that is always growing and transforming.

What you'll do

You will be responsible for managing one of our most valuable data assets and will work to improve the coverage, quality, and accessibility of web analytics data for customers within Capterra and Gartner Digital Markets. As a member of the Capterra Analytics team, you will work with Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, Data Insights, and other teams to ensure we capture the data required to accurately measure business performance, build data-driven site features, and develop innovative data products for our customers. You will be responsible for the setup, administration, and configuration of web analytics tools and will provide support and training as need to ensure decentralized access to web analytics data. You will leverage your deep knowledge of analytics tools to assist with reporting and analysis deliverables. You will partner with Google and other vendors as needed to deliver industry-leading analytics solutions. You will cover a broad and evolving set of responsibilities to accomplish your objectives-versatility, adaptability, and self-sufficiency will be critical to success.

What you'll need
BA/BS from a top-tier university
Minimum of 2 years of professional work experience
Minimum of 2 years of experience with the Google Analytics 360 suite of applications
Deep experience using Google Analytics for reporting and analysis
Experience with Google analytics reporting filters, segments, custom metrics and custom dimensions
Understanding of best practices and standards for analytics tagging and tracking
Experience using browser tools to identify web analytics tagging issues
Understanding of how to implement analytics tracking across device and browser versions
Comfortable using BigQuery or relational database technology to access web analytics data
Experience with importing and exporting data from web analytics and campaign management tools
Experience with Google Tag Manager setup, configuration and integration of 3rd party tracking tags
Comfortable using Google Tag Manager for page data layer integration and event tracking
Knowledge of SQL or similar database scripting languages
Exposure to agile development environments a plus
Experience with cloud-based data storage systems a plus (Snowflake, Redshift)
Digital business or digital advertising experience a plus
Who you are
Excellent organizational and time management skills and capable of juggling multiple priorities
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage across teams to complete projects
Self-sufficient and driven to acquire the skills necessary to accomplish complex tasks
Strong interpersonal skills with ability to build relationships and effectively collaborate with partners
Comfortable working independently to achieve successful results with minimal guidance
Strong verbal and written communication skills with ability to clearly present complicated analysis
Resourceful and resilient with the ability to take a creative approach to problem solving
What we offer
A collaborative, positive culture. You'll work with people who are as enthusiastic, smart and driven as you are. You'll be managed by the best too
Limitless growth and learning opportunities. We offer the excitement of a fast-paced entrepreneurial workplace and the professional growth opportunities of an established global organization
Outstanding compensation. We offer a competitive salary and generous benefits; including a robust time off allowance and great perks
What We Offer:
A truly collaborative and positive culture - Your team will be as smart and driven as you.
A chance to make an impact - Your work will contribute directly to Gartner's overreaching strategy
Outstanding compensation. We offer a competitive salary and generous benefits; including a robust time off allowance and great perks
Watch what it's like to work for GDM!:https://vimeo.com/user87402552/review/368342244/d55d011d7b

#Digital Markets

Job Requisition ID:39248

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.
