FHLB Dallas actively pursues dedicated and hardworking individuals to be a part of our professional team. Positions are offered on an as-needed basis for all departments. View our current opportunities by clicking the View Open Positions tab above.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design and develop reports and tools for management, committees, and other reports as needed by FHFA, Office of Finance, Board of Directors.
Design and develop KPI’s, KRI’s and other metrics as needed.
Design and develop dashboard for daily activities, management and committees as needed.
Analyze Bank’s internal systems and processes, identify efficiencies, and offer solutions to assist in product development and to promote operational excellence.
Liaise between the business project team, IT, other Bank departments and vendors on certain project assignments.
Participate in the design and development of the Bank’s customer relationship management software, including software specifications, report layouts, functional acceptance testing, system accuracy, checks and new program implementations related to the software.
Maintain and expand industry, product, and functional knowledge relevant and beneficial to the Bank’s data vision.
Assist with various projects involving anomaly detection, risk prediction, loan selection for quality checks etc. with tools like predictive analytics and AI.
Assist with researching activities related to feasibility/adoption of AI, modeling, big data technologies as assigned.
Performs additional responsibilities as assigned.
JOB REQUIREMENTS/SKILLS:
BA degree in a technical or quantitative field is required. Master’s degree, MBA or CFA (or progress towards) is preferred.
3 to 5 years of professional experience (preferably in a bank/economic analysis role in a financial institution) required.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills as well as the ability to present, listen and accept instruction.
Strong quantitative and analytical skills as well as strong computer skills.
Ability to create and manipulate spreadsheets and data. Demonstrated knowledge of SQL query language, SSRS report builder, PowerPivot, PowerQuery, PowerView, PowerMap, PowerBI, or Tableau highly preferred.
Ability to break down ideas/issues leading to solutions as well as conduct research to uncover answers and provide solutions.
Organized and highly detail oriented.
Self-directed, yet strong orientation to be successful in groups and on teams.
FHLB Dallas Offers a Professional, Inclusive Culture


FHL Bank Dallas employees are committed to and exemplify the following principles:
Service to our members is first and foremost
All business will be conducted honestly and ethically
Each employee contributes to customer service by directly serving our members or supporting those who do
Interaction with members should focus on building professional relationships and helping customers achieve their goals
Cooperation and teamwork throughout and across all levels of FHLB Dallas are essential to its effectiveness
Colleagues and members will be treated with the utmost respect and dignity
FHLB Dallas provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, marital status, ancestry, veteran status, disability, or national origin. FHLB Dallas will consider for employment all persons on an individual basis consistent with job-related criteria without regard to visible and non-visible disabilities. Equal opportunity applies to all employment practices, including recruitment, screening, hiring, compensation and training, as well as other conditions and privileges of employment.
