About the Role:

We are looking for a versatile Business Systems Analyst II to support Dallas Banking Supervision in analyzing and presenting data using data visualization techniques and best practices to support efficient operations. The Business Systems Analyst II will work in partnership with other team members and Bank employees to recommend, design, and help implement technical solutions to increase business process efficiency. You will report to a manager in Dallas while working with team members that work in the Dallas, Houston, or San Antonio office and those who work remotely, to ensure operational support.

You Will:
Analyze data and develop visualizations to present recommendations to management to improve effectiveness, workflows, and methodologies, with the potential to implement recommendations
Analyze and solve operational, administrative, or information technology issues with and for department management and staff
Recommend, design, and help implement technical solutions to solve problems and to increase business process efficiency
Research and interpret requirements from the Board of Governors and new best practices and trends both in the System and in the industry
Help coordinate audit/compliance efforts, including taking an active role in the planning, execution, and completion of audit/compliance reviews, policy and procedures assessments, and other business process reviews
You Have:
Bachelor's degree in information technology, economics, statistics or other business related field of study
Minimum of three years of relevant experience in a professional business environment
Curiosity to understand the department
Advanced skills using Microsoft excel (can write advanced macros, use advanced functions; Macros, Data Models, Conditional Formatting, What if Analysis, Data Solver, Data Table)
Experience with data mining and data visualization tools (R, Access, Power BI, Tableau)
Ability to work independently and research solutions to business issues
Equivalent education and/or experience may be substituted for any of the above requirements
Why the Dallas Fed?

We are dedicated to serving the public by promoting a strong financial system and a healthy economy for all. These efforts take a team of dedicated individuals doing many different jobs. Together we're creating a workplace where talented people can thrive, and we welcome your unique background and perspective to help present the best possible solutions for our partners.

Our Benefits:

Our total rewards program offers benefits that are the best fit for you at every stage of your career:
Comprehensive healthcare options (Medical, Dental, and Vision)
401K match, and a fully funded pension plan
Paid vacation, holidays, and volunteer hours; flexible work environment
Generously subsidized public transportation and free parking
Annual tuition reimbursement
Professional development programs, training and conferences
And more
Notes:

This position may be filled at various levels based on candidate's qualifications as determined by the department

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or FOMC information, which is limited to "Protected Individuals" as defined in the U.S. federal immigration law. Protected individuals include, but are not limited to U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access required for this position and sponsorship for a work visa, and subsequently for permanent residence, if they sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility requirements.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes in the diversity of our people, ideas and experiences, and we are committed to building an inclusive culture that represents the communities we serve.

If you need special or additional accommodations during your interview process, please notify your Talent Acquisition Consultant
