Everyone communicates. It’s the essence of the human experience. How we communicate is evolving. Technology is reshaping the way we live, learn and thrive. The epicenter of this transformation is the network—our passion. Our experts are rethinking the purpose, role and usage of networks to help our customers increase bandwidth, expand capacity, enhance efficiency, speed deployment and simplify migration. From remote cell sites to massive sports arenas, from busy airports to state-of-the-art data centers— we provide the essential expertise and vital infrastructure your business needs to succeed. The world’s most advanced networks rely on CommScope connectivity.
Due to growth and customer demand, we are recruiting for anSAP Business Analyst to join our team in Richardson, Texas.

JOB SUMMARY:
Translate knowledge of business process into IT solutions that align with overall IT strategies as well as meet the needs of the business. Ability to lead end-to-end implementation of SAP PLM (Product Lifecycle Management) including change management, BOM management, document and file management. Define configuration and customization requirements based on engineering business requirements. Position will focus on support, and innovative solutions for our business.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITES:
SAP implementation role in PLM/PPM/QM, S4/HANA.
SAP PLM Document Management
SAP PLM Engineering Change Management
SAP PLM BOM Management
Configure SAP PLM solutions for identified gaps in functionality and business process.
Support SAP production business processes within expert field to meet business process requirements.
Participate in design reviews and business model matching sessions.
Leverage SAP PLM/PPM/QM knowledge to identify SAP landing zones for existing
PLM applications on legacy platforms.
Maintain complex integration points between SAP PM and third-party systems (Bolt-ons).
Leverage business knowledge and expertise to deliver business process improvements.
Provide subject matter expertise on SAP best practices for implementing SAP PLM/PPM business processes.
Creates test scenarios and development of test cases and preparation of test data.
Manage user acceptance testing and approval of configuration and development with the business partners for signoff.
Coordinating the custom development, conduct testing, training and data migration, cutover activities and Post go live Support.
Provide innovative solutions by staying abreast of current technology.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field of study / equivalent experience.
Seven (7) plus years' experience with PLM tools / applications.
Configuring and implementing functionality in Engineering Change Management/Engineering Record and workflow design.
Business process analysis and redesign experience.
(Business analysis skills; process mapping; business process redesign and implementation)
Document Management System (DMS).
Experience in Engineering Change Management (ECM).
Workflow Setup for the PLM objects
Knowledge on Data Migration and data cleansing
Must have excellent communication skills both oral and written.
Must be able to work independently and willing to learn new technologies
Must be able to mentor junior team members

PREFERRED SKILLS:
Experience in S/4 HANA PLM /PPM/QM (Cloud Platform).
SAP DMS, PLM, complex Engineering workflow and QM modules with business users.
Knowledge on Intelligent Product Development (IPD).
Experience with Master Data Governance (SAP MDG).
Material Master, Bill of Materials (BOM), Classification.
Knowledge of Environmental Compliance.
Experience with third party systems (Bolt-ons) that interact with SAP systems preferred.
Programming experience and familiarity with standard SAP programming concepts, practices, procedures and apply to create viable functional specifications.
Setting up background jobs, SAP Query, IDOC handling.
SAP PLM / PPM Model company Set up.
It is the policy of CommScope to provide Equal Employment Opportunities to all individuals based on merit, qualifications and abilities. CommScope does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, gender (including pregnancy), national origin, age or any other characteristics as protected by law. Furthermore, this contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals with disabilities.
;;
