Collinwood is helping our client, a leading leisure/hospitality firm, in their effort to hire an experience Microsoft BI/QA Analyst. They are headquartered in Dallas with locations throughout the United States.
We are seeking a Business Intelligence Quality Analyst will be responsible for quality assurance (QA) and testing strategies and provide timely test result feedback to the project team.
What we you will do:
Good understanding of dimensional modeling concepts.
Work with project team members to understand project requirements, create test data set, write and execute test plans, scripts and scenarios.
Highly organized, detail-oriented, extremely responsive and able to prioritize many parallel tasks and maintain multiple versions.
Design and development of reusable and maintainable automated QA regression test scripts.
Perform functional testing according to the test plan and maintain test data.
Develop, update, and maintain quality testing standards and procedures.
Work with Data warehouse development team and business users to develop and validate test requirements.
Capable of working with the customer and developers to identify test scenarios.
Must be able to work independently and collaboratively with minimum supervision. Requires exceptional organizational skills, problem-solving skills, and flexibility in changing priorities.
Familiarity with entire software development life cycle and test cycles (Unit, Regression, Functional, Integration, Systems, Stress, Performance and Smoke/Sanity).
Identify defects, verify fixes, work with development team to ensure defects are resolved. Open and close defect tickets.
Excellent communication and presentation skills with the ability to effectively share recommendations with colleagues
Creative problem-solving skills and critical thinking.
What we need from you:
Engineering expertise with:
5- 7 years’ experience as Business Intelligence Quality Analyst.
Expert in T-SQL for query, data comparison and data analysis.
Experience with SQL Server, with a good understanding of databases and data structures, data analysis and data validation.
Having 3+ years of Experience in Data warehouse Testing/ETL Testing/Business Intelligence (BI) Testing.
Data validation between Transaction Processing System/Database and Data Warehouse.
Creation test case documents
Data validation and analysis of import and export, data mapping, data conversion, SSIS
Familiarity with:
Data query from Oracle DB.
Azure, AWS cloud platforms concepts
Bachelor's degree in Business, Engineering, Math, Economics or a combination of education and work experience that provides the necessary skills to perform the essential job functions.
